The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book record card.

1. DATE: 1- 31 October 1962
2. DATE/TIME: 2115 hours 
3. LOCATION: Hawthorne, New Jersey
4. PHOTO: Yes
5. WEATHER CONDITIONS: Ground-Visual
6. DURATION: 30 seconds 
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
8. COURSE: The object was observed ascending and around Hawthorne.
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: The object was observed by a NICAP member traveling and ascending and around Hawthorne.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten document or report.

Transcribed text:

Major Carl R. Hart, USAF
UFO Project Information Officer
Director, Directorate of Information
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Hart:

On September 20, 21, 22 and 24, 1962 an unidentified flying object was seen frequently over the cities of Clifton, Paterson and Hawthorne, New Jersey. On the night of September 23 one was observed in Clifton. These were seen by a number of citizens and were described as circular in shape and about the size of a large automobile. They were observed over the same general area during the early evening hours of these dates. I am enclosing copies of the reports. 

On September 20, 21 and 24 a UFO was observed by several citizens in Clifton, Paterson and Hawthorne, New Jersey, New Jersey, within a 40-mile radius, for about twenty minutes. Contacted and checked for additional details.

On September 23 a Mrs. Lee and her son, Emeling Drive, Hawthorne, N.J., in the evening, saw an object moving at a fantastic speed.

On the night of September 24 two Hawthorne policemen sighted an object similar to the one described.

I understand that the Air Force is aware of these sightings. 

Sincerely,
G. Dale Davis

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains text describing a "Patrolmen Report Sky Lights" incident that occurred on 15 September 1962 in Hawthorne, New Jersey. The text provides details about the incident, including the time, location, and observations made by the patrolmen.

Patrolmen Report
Sky Lights

On 15 September 1962, At 10:22 p.m., two patrolmen of Hawthorne Police Department, Hawthorne, New Jersey, saw two strange "gigantic" lights in the sky. The lights seemed to be located in the direction of the Haledon, New Jersey area. The patrolmen, Sgt. Vincent Lemming and Ptl. Ray Berwick, were on desk duty. Lemming went outside the building and observed the lights. He said "they were about a mile apart" and hovered over the area for a while. The lights then began to move, flashing fast and heading out over the ocean, where they eventually disappeared.

Disc Illuminates Area

William Evans of Lebanon, R. I. recalled the following incident: On Thursday evening, 6 September, at approximately 8:30 p.m., he observed a disc-shaped object hovering over the area of his home. The object was high lighted as if it were illuminating the entire area. When he became aware of the lights, it hovered over his home briefly, then slowly descended and from side to side and then turned around. As it turned around, it seemed to be illuminating the ground with a bluish-green light. This is one more of many sightings of objects seen under similar circumstances.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

29 November 1952

Dear Mr. Lavel:

The sightings to which you refer in your letter of October 11th have never been officially reported to the Air Force according to our files. Therefore we are not able to offer an evaluation.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOCKANOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Investigations Division
Office of Information Services

- page 4 -

