The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book files.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: May 15, 1962
2. TIME: 2255
3. LOCATION: Lexington, Massachusetts
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G Ground-Radar
5. DURATION: 20 min 
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 min
8. SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Solid shimmery object observed by operator on scope. Object was seen descending with intermittent flashing and pulsing and finally disappeared.
9. COURSE: Unknown 
10. COMMENTS: Object appeared to descend about 32,000 feet to 9000 feet, then disappeared from scope. Appeared as small intermittent blip on scope.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire used for a U.S. Air Force technical information project.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object (UFO) that you saw. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make concerning the object. We assure you that it is deemed necessary, any identity information you provide will be considered in strict confidence.
1. When did you see the object? May 19, 1962
2. Time of day: 10:30 a.m.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Standard b. Daylight Saving c. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Lexington, Mass.
5. How long was the object in sight? (Travel Direction) Hours 0 Minutes 15 Seconds
5.1 How was it in sight determined? Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In back of you b. To your right

DATA 1962-05-8664754
The text found in the document is:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object (UFO) that you saw. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make concerning the object. We assure you that it is deemed necessary, any identity information you provide will be considered in strict confidence.
1. When did you see the object? May 19, 1962
2. Time of day: 10:30 a.m.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Standard b. Daylight Saving c. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Lexington, Mass.
5. How long was the object in sight? (Travel Direction) Hours 0 Minutes 15 Seconds
5.1 How was it in sight determined? Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In back of you b. To your right

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form.

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Same
b. A few
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Full moon
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Showers or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. A light
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clear or sharp
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?     Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   No   Don't know
c. Slowly fade from view or explode?   Yes   No   Don't know
d. Change brightness?   Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change shape?   Yes   No   Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear?   Yes   No   Don't know
g. Maneuver in any way?   Yes   No   Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?   Yes   No   Don't know

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page contains a form with questions about the observed UFO, but there is no photograph included on this particular page.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound none
b. Color appeared to be very bright

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length and see how much of the object's apparent size it covers. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object's width would the match have covered?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show if the object was rotating.
[Hand-drawn sketch showing an elliptical/oval shape with the note: "No explanation apparent, no wings on moving object, no rotation."]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report form from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an outlying rural area?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other 

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North Northeast East Southeast South Southwest West Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 
__ miles per hour
24.3 did you stop while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No 
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed. 
Permanent beater

- page 5 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch. The sketch depicts a top-down view of an object or objects in the sky, with the path of motion shown by an "A" and a "B" at the beginning and end of the path. There is also a compass-like diagram in the lower right corner.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the course to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the course to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Estimate the angle of elevation in degrees.

28. Draw a diagram that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were moving.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present on this page of the UFO report document. The image shows a form with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out, but no photograph is visible.

Here is the output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) of the text in the document:

No.
Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 

No.

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes    No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes    No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

NAME:                                                                     
Last Name                                 First Name                 Middle Name
ADDRESS:                                                                 
Street                                        City                           State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:                                 AGE:      SEX: 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

An actual eyewatness. Graduate of Harvard College - Mechanical Engineer.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

7-2-62      Lexington, Mass.  Officer     1-800     2 min

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). 

The text on the page appears to be a handwritten response to a questionnaire, and it discusses a sighting of a "white, cigar-shaped object" that was observed on the night of October 12, 1958. The text provides details about the sighting, including the object's movement and behavior.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

"Witness saw a white, cigar-shaped object over Route 128 on Oct. 12, 1958. Object was about 400 feet long and about 100 feet wide. It was moving silently and slowly in a northerly direction. The object had no wings or tail, and no visible means of propulsion. It appeared to be approximately 1,000 feet above the ground. The witness observed the object for about 10 minutes before it disappeared from sight. The witness was with others at the time of the sighting, and they also observed the object."

- page 8 -

