There is no photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only text and an address stamp at the top.

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASHASHAF, AL
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) and their appeals to Congress regarding the Air Force's handling of the UFO program. The text discusses Mr. Speights' letter and NICAP's publication "UFO Investigator", as well as observations regarding the Air Force's record of attempts to intercept UFOs.

Support to President Kennedy during the final hours. The principal claims of these organizations are that unidentified flying objects are interplanetary space craft and that the Air Force is withholding the information.

The most active and influential of these organizations is the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). This organization is headed by Major Donald E. Keyhoe, U.S. Marine Corps (Ret.).

NICAP, through its publication the "UFO Investigator," has made constant appeals to its members to write to their congressmen requesting a hearing to investigate the Air Force's handling of the UFO program. It is our opinion that this appeal prompted Mr. Speights' letter to you.

Mr. Speights, a youth of about 19, has written to us on two previous occasions and has received an answer to each of his two letters. From comparison of the language in his previous letters with that in the letter to you it is obvious that Mr. Speights has had assistance with the majority of the information contained in this most recent letter. It is probable that he copied it from some NICAP publication.

Following are some observations regarding statements in Mr. Speights' letter:

The Air Force has no record of the number of attempts which have been made by our pilots to intercept UFO's; however, such action is not unusual nor does it prove that these objects/phenomena are interplanetary space craft.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on this page discusses various UFO sightings and reports, including the "Ryan case" that occurred in New York in 1956, and the potential for scientists to be "fooled" by closely associated occurrences with their specialized fields, as evidenced by the experience of Dr. Donald H. Menzel of Harvard. The text suggests that there are sightings in the Air Force files that indicate ball lightning or other similar electromagnetic phenomena as the probable cause, due to their infrequent occurrence and transient nature.

-3-

nomens are anything other than as claimed by the Air Force. The
Air Force attempts to intercept any object which is unidentified
and has prescribed performance parameters.

In many instances the pilot, upon returning to the ground,
realizes that he has been attempting to close on some common
object such as a planet. The Ryan case which occurred in the
state of New York on 8 April 1956 was due to the misidentification
of the planet Venus. Our records reveal that Captain Ryan was
not directed by the Air Force to investigate the object and that,
according to his own statement, he did not deviate from course
for this or any other purpose. The fact that Captain Ryan arrived
at Schenectady, his destination, on schedule tends to substantiate
the claim that he did not deviate from course.

Scientists and engineers, though experts in their own field,
can temporarily misidentify some object or phenomena thus report-
ing it as an unidentified flying object. It is, in fact, possible
for a scientist to be fooled by an occurrence closely associated
with his specialized field as evidenced by the experience of Dr.
Donald H. Menzel of Harvard, a noted astronomer. Dr. Menzel was
fooled for a time by the refracted image of the star Sirius. This
experience is related in Chapter IV, page 60 of his forthcoming
book, THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS, published by Doubleday.

There are sightings in the Air Force files which indicate ball
lightning or some similar electromagnetic phenomena as the probable
cause. Due to the infrequent occurrence and the transient nature

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report discussing UFO sightings and the Air Force's policy regarding information disclosure. The text describes the difficulty of documenting reports of ball lightning, the Air Force's use of Geiger counter readings to investigate sightings, and the Air Force's efforts to provide the public with as much unclassified information about UFO sightings as possible.

Transcribed text:

Of ball lightning, it is impossible to have good documented reports on this phenomenon. In most cases, witnesses have reported interference with vehicle ignition, lights, radio, etc. Such interference, if actually occurring, could be due to the presence of the lightning or to the fact that the witness in his excitement may accidentally stall the car. Because ball lightning usually occurs immediately following a severe thunder storm, such factors as wet ignition, atmospheric static, etc., may be the cause for the reported trouble.

The Air Force has taken Geiger counter readings immediately after sightings but has yet to find any readings which vary significantly from the normal background of the area. Radar sightings are often supported by visual sightings because the same atmospheric conditions which produce visual anomalies may also effect radar.

It is Air Force policy to provide news media with information regarding UFO sightings which reach national prominence and to provide information to individuals in response to their specific requests. Further, the next edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica will carry an article on unidentified flying objects. This article, approved by the Air Force, was prepared by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Chairman of the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University, who has served as Air Force consultant to the UFO program since 1948.

In order that the public be provided with as much information as possible, every effort is made to keep UFO sightings unclassified.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Supporting information indicates the classification of a sighting and not the sighting itself. Since 1950, 184 cases of 3167 are classified and only 4 of the 53 unidentified cases for this period are classified.

The number of foreign reports that have come to our attention do not differ measurably from those originating in the U.S. neither in the presentation of the data nor in the determined probable cause.

The Air Force has no knowledge of a 1948 document by ATIC which states that UFOs are interplanetary space ships. One of the original documents establishing the project states that an objective would be to determine if any evidence from sightings suggests that UFOs are of interplanetary origin. It is possible that the meaning of this document was misinterpreted. The Air Force's open minded attitude still persists, and investigators and analysts have no preconceived notion as to the cause for a sighting but rather form their conclusions from the evidence.

To date no evidence has been found to lead us to even suspect that these objects are interplanetary space ships. Unidentified aerial phenomena constitute only a part of the noise which our defense detection systems must take into account in preventing accidental war. Scientific studies too extensive to be discussed here, are being conducted to determine the extent and nature of this noise for integration into our defensive network.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The text in the document states:

"It is hoped that this information answers all of your questions regarding the Air Force's Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Program. We stand ready to give you any further cooperation which you deem necessary."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official file copy of a request for UFO information from John P. Spoights. The document discusses unidentified flying objects seen on July 16, 1952 and evaluates them as light reflections on the window through which they were observed.

TDEW
Request for UFO Information(John P. Spoights)  1 August 1962

HQ USAF SAY-OI 3b (Mrs. Weils)
Wash 25 DC

1. Reference the attached letter from Pvt John P. Spoights requesting information on sighting objects. This letter is forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2. The unidentified flying objects in the photographs taken at Salem, Massachusetts on July 16, 1952 have been evaluated as light reflections on the window through which the photos were taken.

FOR THE COMMANDER
/s/ Robert J. Friend, 1 Aug 63

ERIC J. de JONCHIERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a scanned document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

A REPLY TO SPECIAL PROJECTS
USAF-LIAISON
JULY 16, 1962, TEXAS

MAJOR CARL R. HART
OFFICE OF CIVIL INFORMATION USAF
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

DEAR MAJOR HART:

I AM SURE YOUR PARCO CAN EXPLAIN THE UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT IN THE PHOTOGRAPH YOU SENT ME.
I AM GOING TO DESTROY IT WHAT IS YOUR PROGRAM FOR PUBLICIZING SUCH INFORMATION IF THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT. LET'S WAIT AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS.

YOURS TRULY,

(REV.) JOHN E. SPEIGHTS
SA 34975614

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official file copy of a document related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from Project Blue Book.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TDEW
Unidentified Flying Objects
Hq USAF SAF-01 3b (Mrs. Wells) 
Wash 25 DC
1. Congressman Carl Vinson requested information from the USAF regarding the Unidentified Flying Objects program. Attached is a copy of the proposed reply to Congressman Vinson which we forwarded to AFNIN for passing to SAFLL.

2. Mr. Vinson 1's letter forward by an appeal for a Congressional hearing which was made to him by John Pourioy Speights of USAIL Bradford Associates, North Carolina. Mr. Speights requested information on UFO's from the Air Force on two previous occasions and was properly answered each time. 

3. Apparently Major Keyhoe's appeal to the members of NICAP, through the organization bulletin "UFO Investigator," to write to their Congressman requesting hearings has at least one response. We believe that the SAFLL staff should be apprised of this situation and preventsattempts by Major Keyhoe to discredit the USAF and bring about Congressional hearings on the UFO program.

FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems
1 Atch
Cy Itr fm PTD(TDG) to AFNIN (l/Col Dessert)
dtd 18 Jul 63* Subj: UFO, w/atch 3 only.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an official document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY 

TDEW
Unidentified Flying Objects                                  22 July 1963

AFSC(SCFA) 
Andrews AFB, Md.

1. Attached is a copy of our proposed response to a request for information on the USAF Unidentified Flying Objects program from Congressman Carl Vinson. This proposed reply was sent to AFNIN for forwarding to SAFLL.

2. Partly due to the efforts of private UFO organizations (the other, during the week of 10 July 1960, was described as a hearing), the house has held two briefings on the UFO program for Congressmen since 1958; the other, during the week of 10 July 1960, when we briefed Mr. Richard F. Hines of the House Space and Astronautics Committee during his visit to PMS. Hines was gathering background information for Congressman Joseph Karth, a member of the committee, as a result of Mr. Karth's recommendation that there be no hearings.

3. Also attached is a copy of an article which will appear in the next edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica. The article was written by the Consultant of the UFO program since 1948, Dr. Hynek. He has been consultant to the UFO program since 1948. We have suggested that a copy of this article accompany the letter to Congressman Vinson.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF 
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Identified Flying Objects
1. ALPHA (Lt. Col Denmark)
1. Attention is drawn to a previous report by Capt. J.J. Kaliszewski (also spelled incorrectly as Kalisziesvski) on same case, dated 10 July 1962.
2. The investigation reports by Major Keyhole and his official investigation team revealed new information and amounted to confirmation and amplification of the Capt. Kaliszewski report, dated 10 July 1962.
3. Matter determined to be of major interest and therefore a more detailed investigation was instituted and a full report is covered in the letter of Major Keyhole to Director, Special Air Projects, dated 27 June 1962.
4. Also, it is apparent from Mr. Vinson's letter that Major Keyhole and others are attempting to force certain inferences upon how the case be reported. Er. Vinson is justified.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. Instead, it shows a Project Blue Book document cover sheet with various labels such as "ACTION", "BACKGROUND MATERIAL", and "OFFICIAL FILE COPY".

ACTION
RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives 
ASIHSAF.A) 
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

BACKGROUND MATERIAL
PHOTO TECHNICAL DIVISION
COMMAND AND SECTION
CORRESPONDENCE FOLDER

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
100383-3

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

Indicates that a copy of the UFO article by Dr. J. Allen Hynek was forwarded to the addressees. The list below shows the following entries:

1. Mr. Carl Wagner, 6 Jul 62
2. Lt Col Robert J. Friend 
3. Indicates a copy was forwarded to Lt Gen C. S. Irvine
4. Unknown
5. Unknown
6. 29 Aug 62 - Encyclopedia Britannica

DOCUMENTATION:
TYPE PI-2 (Perf X, de Jonckheerel DATE
THIS Dr. F.A.TR. Van Daan LATE
TOR Lt Col Robert J. Friend 19 APR 56

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document or letter.

Dear Mr. Chairman:

I refer to your letter of 3 July 1962 requesting the latest Air Force position on unidentified aerial phenomena.

The Air Force position on this matter is that unidentified flying objects/phenomena are in determining if they are in any way a threat to our national security or if they are a source of new scientific or technical information. Further, the Air Force attempts to determine the cause of each sighting in order to allay public anxiety resulting from an incident involving unidentified phenomena.

Better than 90 per cent of the more than 7,000 cases investigated since 1947 have been attributed to the misidentification of such familiar objects as balloons, aircraft, and satellites, and such unfamiliar phenomena as parhelia and mirages. A small percentage of cases remains unidentified due, for the most part, to the limited nature of the report. To date there has been no evidence from any case to indicate that these objects/phenomena are any type of space craft other than earth satellites or space probes of the Soviet Union or of the United States.

In the United States there are more than fifty private unidentified flying object (UFO) organizations. Collectively, these organizations boast more than 500,000 members. During the 1960 Presidential election, the members of these organizations actually nominated their own candidate who allegedly threw his hat into the ring.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document. The document appears to be text-based and appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report or document.

support to President Kennedy during the final hours. The principal claims of those organizations are that unidentified flying objects are interplanetary space craft and that the Air Force is withholding the information.

The most active and influential of these organizations is the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). This organization as headed by Major Keyhoe, U.S.M.C. (Ret).

NICAP, through its publication the "UFO Investigator," has made constant appeals to its members to write to their congressmen requesting a hearing to investigate the Air Force's handling of the UFO program. It is our opinion that this special project received Mr. Speights' letter to you.

Mr. Speights, a youth of about 19, has written to us on two previous occasions and has received an answer to each of his two letters. From comparison of the language in his previous letters with that in his latest letter to you, it is obvious that Mr. Speights has had assistance with the majority of the information contained in this most recent letter. It is probable that he copied it from some NICAP publication.

Following are some observations regarding statements in Mr. Speights' letter:

The Air Force has no record of the number of attempts which have been made by our pilots to intercept UFO's; however, such action is not unusual nor does it prove that these objects/phe-

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

Henoma are anything other than as claimed by the Air Force. The Air Force attempts to ascertain any object which is unidentified and has prescribed performance parameters.

In many instances the pilots, upon returning to the ground, realize that he has been attempting to close on some common object such as a planet. The Ryan case which occurred in the state of New York on 8 April 1956 was due to the misidentification of the planet Venus. Our records reveal that Captain Ryan was not directed by the Air Force to investigate the object and that, according to his own statement, he did not deviate from course for this or any other purpose. The fact that Captain Ryan arrived as scheduled on his destination, on schedule, tends to substantiate the claim that he did not deviate from course.

Scientists and engineers, though expert in their own field, can temporarily misinidentify some object or phenomena thus reporting it as an unidentified flying object. It is, in fact, possible for a scientist to be deceived by an occurrenced which Dr. Donald H. Menzel of Harvard, a noted scientist, had experienced before.

These are sightings in the Air Force which indicate lightning or some similar electromagnetic phenomena as the probable cause. Due to the infrequent occurrence and the transient nature.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

"it is impossible to have good documented reports on ball lightning. In most of these cases, interference with vehicle ignition, lights, radio, etc. Such interference, if actually occurring, could be due to the presence of the ball lightning or to the fact that the witness in his excitement may accidentally stall the car. Because ball lightning usually occurs immediately following a severe thunder storm, such factors as wet ignition, atmospheric static, etc. may be the cause for the reported trouble.

The Air Force has taken radar counter readings immediately after sightings but has yet to find any readings which vary significantly from the normal background of noise tested.

Radar sightings are often supported by "usual sightings" because the same atmospheric conditions which permit visual anomalies may also affect radar.

It is Air Force policy to provide what data is available with information regarding UFO sightings which much is released to the public in response to their specific requests. Further, the new edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica will carry an article on unidentified flying objects. This article, approved by the Air Force, was prepared by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Chairman of the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University, who has served as Air Force consultant to the UFO program since 1948.

In order that the public be provided with as much information as possible, every effort is made to keep UFO sightings unclassified."

- page 17 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing information related to Project Blue Book, an Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

Supporting information indicates the classification of a sighting and the number of foreign reports that have come to the Air Force's attention. The document also mentions that the Air Force has no knowledge of a 1948 document by ATIC which states that UFOs are interplanetary space ships. The document suggests that the meaning of this previous document was misinterpreted. The document discusses the noise which the defense detection systems must take into account as a prevailing problem, and indicates that investigative studies are being conducted to determine the extent and nature of this noise for integration into the defensive network.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program investigating reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Output:
It is hoped that this information will answer all of your questions regarding the Air Force's Unidentified Flying Object Aerial Phenomena Program. We stand ready to give you any further cooperation which you deem necessary.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Congressional House of Representatives, dated August 28, 1961, regarding the subject of UFOs.

Text extracted from the document:

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
WASHINGTON, D. C.
August 28, 1961

Major Donald E. Keyhoe
U.S.M.C. (Ret.)
Director, NICAP
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D. C. 

Dear Sir:

I have read with interest the copy of your letter to Chairman Brooks concerning the suggested "security related" reasons for the government's UFO censorship.

Perhaps I have been misled in this whole business of UFO. However, it was my belief that your organization and others like it, actually had proof that UFO's did in fact exist and that you would be prepared to prove this during the hearings. And further, that you would produce evidence of actual landings, contacts with the occupants of these craft, and even possibly, bring forth physical specimens, but actually were craft (or sorts) from other planets.

I was sadly disappointed as I read your proposed plan, suggestions and views expressed. I could not help but feel, as I read your letter, that your primary objective is not sole objective to discover the real truth, as you say and thereby cause the U.S. and others, all information you seek, including such information that may well involve our national security. I too am opposed to unnecessary secrecy, however, unnecessary or unwarranted secrecy is nothing more than a matter of degree and one used to protect as well as conceal. To me this whole matter of UFO and the public's handling of same appears to be a disguise. Frankly, your judgment and knowing all the facts, in all probability withhold from the public, the details I would not consider "secret". I respect - I have opposed and will continue to oppose unwarranted secrecy.

At the same time I will not support a proposition entailing or compromising of our country's security. Your letter to Chairman Brooks (including your proposed plan) concerned itself almost totally, in my opinion, with evident dislike and malicious intent toward a certain branch of the military. In fact, I must hasten to add that I could be wrong, but I have seen many plans and proposals in my day and must say I recognize a little hostility and/or dislike when I see it. If you are not in a position to "make a good case", then UFO's are some kind of foreign craft, I'm not even interested in holding hearings. This I thought to be your purpose. Certainly I'm not.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old Project Blue Book UFO report.

The OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text in the document is as follows:

not interested in listening to headline making accusations (prompted
it seems by past gripes) in open debate between you and the Air Force.

It was my every intention to have the Air Force and organizations
of good repute carefully on different view of the same facts.
And if it appeared to you that I was trying to pull the "wool"
might say - I'm not worried about public clamor - I'm much more concerned
about the Air Service and what CAN DE ANSWERED BY ANYONE - the Air Force or NICAP.
I'm supposed to prove out that under your plan you wouldn't be answering
someone else's report - you'd be answering mine. And that simply WILL NOT SATISFY
the Air Force. I reluctive captive of the Air Force, and I am not a captive of
someone else, look bad under these conditions, and I am not a captive of
the SAUCER picture the Air Force.

As I have said, I suffered extreme disappointment as I read your
letter proposing participation of "Air Force representatives" in our planned
Brooks you propose "the Air Force representatives will be directed by
the subcommittee to answer all of NICAP's questions" in regard
to specific UFO sighting, reports and to all phases of the Air Force
investigation."

However, in paragraph 3 of the same letter you propose " - and
the NICAP representatives will answer fully, except for revealing names
and certain details of a few reports given to NICAP confidentially."
(Emphasis added). What kind of forthright, aggressive and nervous
is that? You demand that a military service of this nation is to
divulge everything to NICAP BUT YOU IN TURN CANNOT GIVE THEM THE REQUIRED DETAILS"
paragraph C of your proposals ("It is also agreed that the Air Force
may withhold names and identities, where witnesses insisted on this; and
also, such minor items as classified radar techniques, aircraft speed
and other MILITARY information relating to this main question
at least to the extent which it has reserves the right.")

Personally I don't feel I need to elaborate on the generosity
equivocated by your language in paragraph C. However, no one interested
in scientific data is disturbed by such omissions. First of all, what witness honestly
interested in the anonymity (or are to your organization for that matter)
poses his or her accounting grants"? For the Air Force to divulge information
relatively unimportant points not bearing on the main questions at
issue is very generous indeed. IF THEY HAVE INFORMATION WHICH THE
Air Force is keeping secret, but does not involve national security, I
suggest you recognize it to give comprehensive.

Honestly and sincerely, I make this confession: before I had
received copies of your letters (and terms) to Chrinian Brooks, I was
vitally concerned and interested in what positive and factual information you had on UFO's and the assistance you might give to the Committees
you indicated any hopes I had relative thereto in the language heretofore.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report. I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document:

Cited. I also could not overlook your language on page three: "The chief concern of USAF board members, and public, is the increasing secrecy dangers - NOT, at this time, final conclusions about the
UFO's." (Underscored). It has been noticed in some of the reports of NICAP. I was erroneously led to believe you had factual evidence of some kind about UFO's.

If I have anything to say about it, your terms, conditions and suggestions will not be accepted.

Very truly yours,

cc: Hon. Overton Brooks, Chairman
    Hon. John McCormack, Majority Leader
    Subcommittee members

JKK:eb

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a blank page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Using an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted all the text found in the document:

There is no text present on this page.

- page 23 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a UFO (Unidentified Flying Object) as described in the title "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO) by J. Allen Hynek" and the text "1768" which appears to be some kind of symbol or logo associated with the UFO.

Text from the document:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO)
by
J. Allen Hynek

1768

Copyright under International Copyright Union
All Rights Reserved under Pan-American and Universal Copyright
Conventions by Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.
Printed in U.S.A.

WILLIAM BENTON, Publisher

- page 24 -

Unfortunately, there are no photographs or images present in this document. The document appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

UNICORN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
the large upper tasks almost suggest the earliest probolocean types like the most primititive pentularia is found in the indian rock section. These have bees mentioned as cylindrical columns or circular cross-section.
BIBLIOGRAPHY
Pennington, C.F. (1950). Mammoth Gravel Beds, Mt Holyoke, Mass. and related phenomena. Am. J. Sci. 248 No. 6. p. 373-379.
Recent studies by Miss M.S. Pearson, on the skull structure of the coelacanth, Latimeria, have revealed that it is a very ancient form, and mastodon series, in which the mastoid region of the periotic bone was completely enclosed by the squamosal and adjacent elements is a preamble to the modern mastoid series, in which the mastoid was well exposed on the outer side.
BIOGRAPHY: W.H.Flower and R.Lydekker, Mammals, Living and Extinct, A.H. Holder, London, 1891, with 357 figures.
W.E. Swinton, Biology and Comparative Anatomy, V 1, John Murray, London, 1954.
Robert Broom, Bull. Amer. Mus. Nat. Hist., vol 32 (1913) p. 549.
UNICORN, a fabulous beast, usually having the shape of a horse, the head of a lion, the hind legs of an antelope, the tail of a lion (sometimes hind legs only), sometimes the beard and the body of a goat, the legs, hoofs, and horn of a stag or bull, and occasionally spotted, striped, or of clashing colours. It is variously said to be found in India, China, and Africa. The earliest description is that of Ctesias (400 B.C.) who described it as having the body of a horse, the head of a stag, the feet of an elephant, and a horn in the middle of its forehead. The earliest description in the Revised Version of the Bible was translated in the Middle Ages to be a two-horned animal, which was possibly a reference to the rhinoceros. Some say that the unicorn was a one-horned horse, possibly descended from an ancestral rhinoceros, and that the Indian and the Tibetan "unicorn" were so-called as they were a one-horned animal resembling a horse, and there is also a one-horned horse and says that the Monoceros was sometimes called the Aethiopian Bull.
The medieval conception of the unicorn as possessing great virtues and powers may be traced back to the belief that it could detect and resist poison. This belief is recorded in the Revised Version of the Bible as "And the wild ox shall come down with them, and the unicorns with the young ones", when translated to the Middle Ages was believed to refer to the unicorn. This obviously refers to a two-horned animal, which is a reference to the rhinoceros. 
UNICORN PLANT (Proboscidea) a genus of plants of the tropical parts of the Western Hemisphere, chiefly Mexico and southward to British Honduras, cultivated for its abundant foliage, peculiar fruit and curious pod. It is a close relative of the martynia

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing the "Unified Field Theory" in relation to UFO reports.

Transcription of the text in the document:

UNIFIED FIELD THEORY
attempts to extend the sense-perceptible electromagnetic forces and the gravitational field. Some investigators have tried to apply this unified field theory to the phenomena encountered in the investigation of U.F.O.'s and claim that this may give us the key to the reports. This has led to the view that U.F.O.'s are any aerial activity which cannot readily be explained. However, it is generally recognized that before any investigations are made, an attempt should be made to explain the sightings in conventional terms, rather than to say immediately that they indicate the existence of new and hitherto unknown physical phenomena. Unless the evidence is quite convincing, it is usually better to seek explanations in terms of the known rather than to assume the existence of the unknown.

This theory of U.F.O.'s, with its strong quasi-religious emotional appeal, holds that much of what either fulfills or fails to fulfill the criteria of the scientific method in the experience of investigators periodically as they try to make particular checks on to prove or disprove the theory, is seen to have astronomical significance, suggesting to some that the earth could have been visited many time in the past. Some believe such visits become more frequent in our time.

In the face of continued lack of empirical evidence, persistent attempts to link U.F.O. reports with variations from space, must be viewed with skepticism. This has led to the view that U.F.O.'s are any aerial activity which cannot readily be explained. However, it is generally recognized that before any investigations are made, an attempt should be made to explain the sightings in conventional terms, rather than to say immediately that they indicate the existence of new and hitherto unknown physical phenomena. Unless the evidence is quite convincing, it is usually better to seek explanations in terms of the known rather than to assume the existence of the unknown.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing only text.

Text extracted from the document:

Dear Mr. Chappell:

This is in reply to your recent letter inquiring about unidentified flying objects.

I am enclosing the Air Force publication which explains the Air Force investigation of UFO reports. This publication describes the Air Force project, "Blue Book", and its procedures for investigating UFO reports.

I hope this information will clarify the Air Force position on this subject. If you have any further questions, please feel free to write again.

Sincerely,

FRANKLIN M. ROSENWALD, Lt Colonel, USAF
Contract Manager
Director, Legislative Liaison
Office of the Secretary of the Air Force

- page 27 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

The Air Force's principal interest in 'UFO's' is their possible threat to the security of the United States. To date, Project Blue Book has received over 12,000 reports of sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena. Careful analysis of these reports has failed to reveal any threat to the national security or evidence of visits by extraterrestrial vehicles.

SIGHTING REPORT: On 12 July 1962, at approximately 1430 hours, a civilian pilot and several passengers in a private airplane reported sighting a disc-shaped object with a dome on top. The object was observed for approximately 15 minutes as it maneuvered at high speed and then accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view.

DISCUSSION: The object was observed by reliable witnesses and appears to be an unidentified aerial phenomenon. However, based on the available information, there is no evidence that the object posed any threat to the security of the United States or represented an extraterrestrial visitation. The case is classified as 'Unidentified' since the nature and origin of the object could not be determined conclusively from the available data.

RECOMMENDATION: No further action is required. The case will be filed for future reference and analysis as part of the continuing investigation of unidentified aerial phenomena.

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing text only.

Text from the document:

There is a continuing interest in the objects observed and reported by the public as unidentified flying objects. Widespread public interest and some official concern over unidentified flying objects have led to the initiation of a scientific study of this problem by the Air Force. This study is being conducted by the Air Force under the code name 'Project Blue Book'. The project was originally established in 1947 under the name 'Project Sign' and was redesignated 'Project Grudge' in 1949. In 1952 the name was changed to 'Project Blue Book'.

The project's primary mission is to determine if any unidentified flying objects pose a threat to the security of the United States, to gather technical data that may have scientific value, and to determine if any reported objects are the result of foreign aircraft activity or research and development projects of the United States. Reports of unidentified flying objects are received and evaluated by this project.

Lighting or radar sightings are often reported as unusual objects in the sky. Experienced in the field of aircraft identification and familiar with natural atmospheric phenomena, the investigators are often able to identify the reported object as a known aircraft, a natural phenomenon, or a misinterpretation of a familiar object.

When a sighting cannot be immediately identified, further investigation is undertaken to determine the origin and nature of the report. This may involve interviewing witnesses, checking weather records, and analyzing physical evidence when available. If the investigation fails to identify the object, the report is classified as 'unidentified'.

UFO sightings are reported to provide aerial phenomena with information regarding national security, such as the presence of foreign aircraft over the United States. To accomplish this mission, the Air Force has established procedures to rapidly evaluate each report to determine the nature of the object. Many items are quickly identified as known objects. When a report cannot be identified, the case is classified for further study.

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text, but no visual elements other than the text.

EXTRACTED TEXT:

It is order that the public be provided with an information on reports of unidentified flying objects and that the general public be brought up to date on the investigations being carried out on the subject. Since 1952, 10% of the 1,231 reports of unidentified flying objects have been unsolved and unresolved. This figure has remained constant over the past several years.

Many foreign reports have been scrutinized to determine whether they differ significantly from those originating in the U.S. either as to physical characteristics or manner of observation. The Air Force has no knowledge of a single document by ATIC which states that a sighting could not possibly have a reasonable explanation. One of the reasons documents establishing the projects stated that no sighting would be listed as "unknown" unless it could not possibly have a reasonable explanation is the desire to avoid the public misconception that every unexplained report is conclusive evidence of interplanetary vehicles. To give the true public the impression that the reports are utterly mysterious constitutes misrepresentation of the known facts.

Unidentified aerial objects in themselves are not important intelligence targets. Unusual sightings being observed by trained observers are important and deserve thorough investigation. However, this does not imply that those which remain unexplained are necessarily extraterrestrial vehicles as some have speculated. The objects are interpianetary space ships.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a STAFF SUMMARY SHEET document related to a Congressional Correspondence on the U.S. Air Force Congressman Carl Vinson's UFO program.

The text found in the document is as follows:

TO TDG ROUTE 1 DESIRED ACTION Signature DATE 18 July 1963

TDE GRADE SURNAME PHONE Col de Jongheere 72111

SUBJECT Congressional Correspondence on the U.S. Air Force Congressman Carl Vinson's UFO Program

SUMMARY
1. Congressional Correspondence on UFO's received by this Deputy is routine; however, I believe that this letter to AFNIN from Congressman Vinson requires your personal attention since it suggests the possibility of a Congressional hearing.

2. There have been two Congressionals briefings on the program, one in the summer of 1958 and the other in the summer of 1960. During the summer of 1961, we were successful in preventing a hearing by recommending to Chairman Overton Brooks that there be no hearings.

3. Earlier this year an article on unidentified flying objects was prepared for the Encyclopedia Britannica. Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University, Consultant to our UFO program, and Lt Col Friend of SAFSG indicated that Mr. Hynek had made many suggestions and that the Encyclopedia Britannica should be corrected by Dr. Hynek or another member of the house, lest the article be attached to the letter to Mr. Vinson.

4. If you approve my proposed reply to Congressman Vinson, I will send information copies to SAFSL and AFSC (GCFA).

5. The background section of this folder contains the following: a. AFDIN letter to FTD b. Copies of the documents which established the UFO project c. Documents related to Mr. Hines' visit to FTD d. Congressman Karth's letter to Major Keyhoe e. UFO article which will appear in Encyclopedia Britannica

6. If you desire any further information, Lt Col Friend and I will be available.

Do not forward to Command Section until this block has been signed and dated by the appropriate OFL. This block, when signed, is to require completed coordination and that the CPS-15 waiver of correspondence, non-concurrence and other distribution is difference of why the non-concurrence should be overridden.

Signature  Date 21 July 1963

AFSC FORM 149 PREVIOUS EDITION OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFNIN

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects 

TO: Commander
FTD
Wright-Patterson AFB Ohio

1. The attached correspondence is forwarded for the preparation of a draft of a proposed reply to Honorable Carl Vinson.

2. Also attached for your investigation and analysis is a letter from John P. Speights relative to unidentified flying objects. 

3. The suspense to AFNIN must be by 21 July 1963.

FOR THE CHIEF OF STAFF

DONALD M. DESSERT
COLONEL, USAF
Office, Assistant Chief of Staff
Intelligence

Copy furnished:
AFSC (SCP) Andrews AFB

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

HEADQUARTERS 
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

Reply to 
Attn of: TD-SB

Subject: Congressional Investigation of the UFO Program

1. (Mr. General Pierce)
1. An article appeared in the 12 July 1961, issue of Newsweek, stating that the possibility of a Congressional investigation of the USAF UFO program is being considered through contact with the Secretary of the Air Force Legislative Liaison Office. Procedures concerning such an investigation, however, SAFLL pointed out that we actually have no investigation going on and any investigation would have to be in connection with the official USAF UFO program.

2. Official sources (SAFLL) have it that Congressman Joseph E. Karth, Chairman of the House Science and Astronautics Committee (Congressman Overton Brooks, Los Angeles Chairman) would need the investigating team to determine if the USAF investigation is adequate for the Trespass Act and for other legal considerations. This investigation would require the Aerial Phenomena Branch TD-5 to the analysis and investigation areas.

3. Hazen GAYLE's present efforts are directed toward briefing off the investigation of his own group. It is desired that the entire investigations group, including the evaluation and briefing teams, such as Major Robert J. Friend, Aerial Phenomena Branch TD-5 is in attendance.

4. NOTE: If the investigation is carried out at PTD, I intend to handle it with the Deputy unless otherwise directed.

EDWARD H. STEERS
COLONEL, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 33 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document containing text related to Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) and Project Blue Book.

TEXT:
TDG
Unidentified Flying Objects  
18 JUL 1962
AFNIN (Lt Col Dessert)
1. Attached is a proposed reply to Congressman Carl Vinson on the U.S. Air Force Unidentified Flying Objects program. This action is in response to your letter to me on the UFO subject, dated 10 July 1962.
2. Strenuous efforts by Major Keyhoe, a self-styled UFO investigator, to gain Congressional hearings on the Blue Book program have resulted in two Congressional briefings and numerous queries from the members of Congress. The first briefing was in the summer of 1958 and the second took place on 28 June 1962. Preparedness Sub-Committee, the House Armed Services Sub-Committee, the House Science and Astronautics Sub-Committee, CIA, and representatives from the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force.
3. A later effort of Major Keyhoe's to investigate a hearing on the House Space and Astronautics Committee during the summer of 1961 was unsuccessful. Congressman Joseph Karth of the House Committee on Science and Astronautics, consistent background information regarding USAF force resources and the program, determined that the Air Force's approach to the program was appropriate and that Major Keyhoe's charges of mishandling were without grounds. A copy of Congressman Karth's letter to Major Keyhoe is attached.
4. Since it is apparent from Mr. Spoeight's letter that Major Keyhoe and others are attempting to force further Congressional hearings on the UFO program, Mr. Wilson's lengthy letter to Mr. Wilson is justified.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ARTHUR L. WINNER
Benedict Center, USAF
Commander

1. Mr. Carl Vinson, 8 Jul 63.
2. Our letter to Mr. Vinson, 2 Jul 63.
3. Proposed reply to C. Vinson.
4. 2 6/4 Iter Rep Earth to MJ
Keyhoe, 28 Aug 61.
5. May be excerpt fr Encyclopaedia
Britannica.

COORDINATION:

TDE COL ERIC T. DE JONCKHEERE Date 27 SEP 63
TDEW Mr. Fred D. Van Dame Date 16 JULY 63
TDEW le COL ROBERT M. FRIEND Date 18 JULY 63

- page 35 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

Dear Mr. Chairman:

I refer to your letter of 8 July 1963 requesting the latest Air Force position on unidentified aerial phenomena.

The Air Force's principal interest in these objects/phenomena is in determining if they are in any way a threat to our national security or if they are a source of new scientific or technical information. Further, the Air Force attempts to determine the cause of each sighting in order to allay public anxiety resulting from an incident involving unidentified aerial phenomena.

Between 1947 and 1969 over 12,000 cases of the more than 7,500 cases investigated since 1947 have been attributed to the misidentification of such familiar objects as balloons, aircraft, and satellites, and such unfamiliar phenomena as parhelia and mirages. A small percentage of cases remains unidentified due, for the most part, to the limited nature of the report. To date there has been no evidence from any case to indicate that these objects/phenomena are any type of space craft other than earth satellites or space probes or the Soviet Union or of the United States.

In the United States there are more than fifty private unidentified flying object (UFO) organizations. Collectively, these organizations boast more than 500,000 members. During the 1960 Presidential election, the members of these organizations actually nominated their own candidate who allegedly threw his support to one of the major party candidates.

- page 36 -

