The image contains a page from a Project Blue Book record card. There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE                     2. LOCATION
23 AUGUST 1952             ORCAS ISLAND, WASHINGTON
3. TIME                     4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
GMT 20/0530Z               O Ground-Radar
                           O Air-Intercept Radar
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION    6. COURSE
30 MINUTES                  Stationary
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS         8. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S)
Four                        Four white amber lights evenly
                            spaced in a horizontal line.
                            The lights were stationary, and
                            did not move in any direction.
                            The lights were observed
                            through a ground-radar scope.
9. COMMENTS
Information indicates observation was of a radar presentation. Four white amber lights were observed on the radar scope, stationary, and not four bodies of aircraft. The possibility is that there was a radar malfunction or unusual radar condition which caused this presentation. Conditions have not been established.

USAF FORM 329 (REV. 20 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten report or document with text that appears to be related to a UFO sighting or incident.

Seattle, S.S. Washington
August 4, 1962
Dear Sirs:
The following report on the sighting of an unidentified object is submitted for your consideration.
On the evening of August 2, 1962, at approximately 8:00 p.m., two adults and three children observed a bright light in the sky over the Orcas Island area of the state of Washington. The object was approximately 100 yards in diameter and appeared to be rotating. The object was visible for several minutes and then disappeared. The object made no sound and was several hundred feet above the ground and were reportedly a triangle of some luminous bright objects moving very fast. They were all oval and were possibly a single object, but some seemed to fall out of formation. The object(s) were a couple of hundred feet in the air and were not moving in a straight line. The object(s) seemed to be a couple of hundred feet in diameter. This sighting was reported to me a short time after it occurred and I felt that it was an incident worthy of investigation. I would appreciate your consideration of this report and any information you could provide concerning the sighting.
Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 2 -

The image shared appears to be a photograph from an old UFO report document. The photograph shows a blank page with some handwritten text that reads: "The sighting of these strange object might be of some importance. However a photo of what the sceen looked like would ringer". The rest of the text is redacted.

As an OCR system, I can output the following text from the document:

The sighting of these strange object might be of some importance. However a photo of what the sceen looked like would ringer.
Sincerely, [REDACTED]

- page 3 -

