The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card containing various information fields such as date, location, source, length of observation, and conclusions.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD 
1. DATE 3. LOCATION 13. CONCLUSIONS
15 September 1962 4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Macon, Georgia 0 Was Blimp
3. GMT OBJECTS 5. SOURCE Was Aircraft
11.35 1/2 a Civilian Probably Aircraft
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One 0 Was Astronomical
13 seconds 10. BRIEF SYNOPSIS OF SIGHTING 9. COURSE Civilian
Light observed as appearing and disappearing like a light being turned on and off at irregular intervals and lasting for about 13 seconds. The object was reported by a civilian observer.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

The text in the document is:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and used as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-mark any questions, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (Do Not Write in This Space) CODE:

SIGNATURE:

DATE:

Sighted on Sept. 10, 1962. Witnessed by airport security officer while on patrol.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a questionnaire or form used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be treated as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We assure this personal information as that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 06-09-62 Day Month Year
2. Time of day: 2330 Hours 55 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MACON, GA State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? 1 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: (Circle One) Bright, Cloudy b. NIGHT: Bright, Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None  
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light  b. Shiny  c. Dark  d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Dark

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?      Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?      Yes   No   Don't Know
d. Change brightness?         Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change shapes?         Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Flash or flicker?         Yes   No   Don't Know
g. Disappear and reappear?        Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)  Yes   No   Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)  Yes   No   Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):  a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No
d. Window glass          Yes   No
e. Binoculars           Yes   No
f. Telescope           Yes   No
g. Theodolite           Yes   No
h. Other             Yes   No

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly a UFO report form, with various questions and instructions for the observer.

Text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Yellow
b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially note the color and vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Sharply outlined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Shimmering
d. Other

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text from the document is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Did not see.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing text and various questions to be answered.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield? 
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West 
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?  (Circle One)
Yes       No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East 
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing forms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was
from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North___ degrees.
b. From horizon __ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North__ degrees.
b. From horizon __ degrees.

- page 7 -

The image contains two sketches. The larger sketch appears to show the path of a curved object across the sky. The smaller sketch on the right shows a landscape view. There is also some explanatory text accompanying the sketches.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

"32. In following Place as on this curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it, show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Refer to the curve served line to show this.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to another sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch."

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions about the observed object and the weather conditions at the time.

Text extracted from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Partly cloudy
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One) 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day _____   Month _____   Year _____

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No Did not rotate
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No Did not rotate
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME First Name Middle Name Last Name 
ADDRESS Street City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Age Sex
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
RETIRED MAJOR L. R. BURCHETT WARRANT STAFF DUTY OFFICER
MACON GA

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 - 9 - 62

Our airman is not on pass or pass a wild stagg and
stopped out in his autom-obile near the airport as he was
returning home about 11:30 pm at night. On his return trip
home he noticed a bright light in the sky. Upon further
observation he said it seemed to be hovering and rotating
vertically. He said the object appeared to suddenly
accelerate and disappear out of sight in a north-east
direction. The airman is a CAT - RCS member and a
dedicated officer. He seemed quite sincere in his
observation and report.

- page 10 -

