This image does not contain any photographs or images, it is a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book files. The card appears to document a UFO sighting that occurred on December 6, 1962 in San Mateo, California. The card provides details about the sighting, including the type of observation (ground-visual), the source of the report, a brief summary of the sighting, and the conclusions drawn about the object. The text on the card is as follows:

1. DATE: 6 December 1962
2. LOCATION: San Mateo, California 
3. TYPE OF OBSERV: Ground-Visual
4. TYPE OF SIGHTING: 3
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 minutes
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 
Sighted by 13 yr old boy at 100 ft., round smooth or oval shape at 20 ft., off ground, no noise. Flight to North. Maneuvers included straight up, straight down, and side to side flight to North. Maneuvers included straight up, straight down, and side to side 
9. COURSE: One
10. COMMENTS:
"One" indicates aircraft, ball or flame indicators. However, sighting at extremely low level should have been reported immediately for further questioning on certain details: No mention of how time figured, extremely low altitude, motion or course, no sonic boom, unusual duration, etc., indicates need for more complete evaluation. Such low level sightings, extremely close to the observer, should have more complete information to evaluate properly.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document or report. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

The text in the document reads:

"and darkness a small
light went out and came
back that he saw a flying saucer 
This that it was a flying 
saucer."

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely an old Project Blue Book UFO report.

OCR output:

Data:Dec. 6, 1962

Time of sighting = 7:53 in the morning
Size: about 105 ft. in diameter.  
Shape: round, smooth or oval.
Composition: 

Speed: from 100 to 2,000 or more.
Altitude: from 100 yds. to 1,600 yrds.
Direction or movement: Stand still, straight up
side ways.
Color: not call of flame, a glistening flame.
Length of time observed: Estimate 5 mins.
Angel of path observed: (Minute 2) raising, 3 sec. going
down, then raising, 3 sec. going down
Direction of travel: south.

Age 13
Sam Matos, Calif.
(over)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text and a simple diagram or sketch.

Transcript of the text in the document:

Probably a lot of people think I'm a little bit of a doodle. I really don't know why I bother about it come to think of it. Maybe I'd just better forget it.
It looks like a saucer or flying object of some sort. It moved slowly and came close. No landing or take-off.
Went smooth

- page 4 -

