The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 4 Jan 62
2. LOCATION: Xenia, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2005L
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 0-1 min
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 0-1 min
8. COURSE: NW-SE
9. COMMENTS: The object was described as a bright, bright star in a steady light. It appeared to be about the size of a dime at arm's length. It was observed for a short period of time from 2005L to 2006L on 4 Jan with maximum elevation directly overhead. The object remained steady in course and elevation during the observation.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: A bright, bright star-like object in a steady light was observed in the northwest sky, moving southeast and reaching a maximum elevation overhead during the observation from 2005L to 2006L on 4 Jan 62.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon, Possibly Balloon, Probably Balloon, Was Aircraft, Probably Aircraft, Was Satellite, Probably Astronomical, Insufficient Data for Evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Based on the text in the document, it appears to be a UFO analysis sheet from Project Blue Book, dated 4 Jan 1962, regarding an observation in Xenia, Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
DATE 4 Jan 1962
DATE TIME GROUP LOCAL 0720 0724  GMT +..2..., + 5..46..28.. 
PHOTO YES XX NO     PHYSICAL SPECIMEN YES XX NO
SOURCE MILITARY NO XX CIVILIAN XX
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 4 Seconds
SATELLITE: IN ORBIT: No VERIFY YES: NO DECAY: No
ASTRONOMICAL PHENOMENA METEOR Probable bolide
STAR OR PLANET No
OTHER /\
AIRCRAFT No
BALLOON No
INSUFFICIENT DATA No
OTHER No
REFLECTION No INVERSION PRESENT N/A PHOTO ANALYSIS N/A
SUN DOG No LENTICULAR CLOUD No PHYSICAL SPECIMEN ANALYSIS No
BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 
1. Early daylight observation of greenish-yellow object moving from West to East
at flat trajectory with slight dip in path. Observed by observer's assistant. Distances and altitude of object at 3-5000 ft. First described as indistinct disc with hazy glow, rotating in flight. No sound heard.
2. Observation by same caller, distinctive at beginning but gradual loss of detail in last part of observation. Object had short tail.

EVALUATION: CASE CATEGORY: Astro (Meteor)
CONCLUSION: Two reports of object with characteristics of bolide. Color, tail, flight path distinctive and duration conform to observation of meteor.  Probable meteor shower occurs from 1-4 Jan with max at 3 Jan. This is a strong morning shower.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a questionnaire for gathering information about unidentified aerial phenomena that someone has observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for statistical purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make.

We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 1-13-62
2. Time of day: 07:20 Hour Minutes
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving c. Central d. Standard e. Mountain f. Pacific g. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Xenia, Ohio
Additional remarks: Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 2-3 Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.  a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Slight twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile's headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object: a. Appear to stand still at any time?, b. Suddenly speed up and take off?, c. Explode?, d. Give off smoke?, e. Change brightness?, f. Change shape?, g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

14. Did the object appear: a. Solid?, b. Transparent?, c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: a. Eyeglasses, b. Sunglasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass, e. Binoculars, f. Telescope, g. Theodolite, h. Other

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing questions and text fields for the witness to fill out.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: Greenish yellow

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

No drawing is provided in this image.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Can't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

No drawing is provided in this image.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document containing a series of questions and instructions for the observer to fill out.

The text from the document is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand? 
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar 
g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to Indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document with various questions and information fields.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Automobile
e. At sea
f. Other _____

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over an airfield?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Blank]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South 
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West 
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward (elevation):
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 30 degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 20 degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with questions and space for responses, likely related to a UFO sighting or observation.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job?
Age Sex
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day Month Year

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph or any visual information. It appears to be a page from an old document with handwritten text.

EXIC TAIL
SPECIAL Rept 
Comparatively SECRET
RONALD REGISTER C.
BR 3-6181 JTJT;jpc
FROM 600 HORIZON W-PEAN
 TO   600 AVIATION LANE,
INVIJSTIGA'ro

WYLD
3?1/01

OXCQ Bank J Dan 1962 -1 Sep UEADLY

- page 9 -

