The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

DATE - TIME GROUP: JULY 1962 - (DUSK)
LOCATION: NORTH BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY
SOURCE: CIVILIAN
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: THREE
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 MINUTE
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: GROUND - VISUAL
COURSE: S-SE TO NW
PHOTOS: NONE
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE
CONCLUSION: ASTRONOMICAL (STAR/PLANET)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME    Last Name, First Name   Home
ADDRESS    Street    City    Zone    State
TELEPHONE NUMBER    AGE   SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day    Month    Year

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book report, specifically page 7 of the document.

As an OCR system, I can extract the following text from the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day
Month
Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I wish to convey my personal observation of what I believe to be an unusual aircraft far beyond the capability of any known aircraft. I feel that further investigation of this incident is warranted.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a scanned document with handwritten text.

5 Static con duct +r circuit 92 circular source. 

Venus - (?) channel 19-30 mag 12.5 (?) 2) 116 - 2 mm 20 sec.

Water - (:)

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Friday 6-15

Reluctant sten reported in
Recomend and space sense a lot.
that may be as may be some
inform a thin outline of light
extent when I received a
look on the tips i was non-
continual ution some
May have some i we more
who has to warn of it
mere on far it will do.
and you of being which a
record had at sight here
types, the kind of them were
passed much each a
where must be month- The
total people a bout it but they
had all be leave we if came.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document.

Dear Sirs,

We would like to extend our sincere thanks for your courtesy and consideration in providing us with information on the space research activities.

As you can readily understand, we appreciate your willingness to have this information released to us in format.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

PID (TDEM) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
14 July 1965

North Brunswick, New Jersey

Dear Sir:

Reference your observations of unidentified flying objects. In your letter of 8 July 1965 you did not give sufficient information for evaluation. Therefore, it is requested that you fill out the enclosed USAF form 14 and return it to the Air Force indicated in the enclosed envelope for further investigation of your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR 
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

2 Atch:
1. USAF Form 14
2. Return Envelope

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form used by the U.S. Air Force to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.  Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? (DAY) a. Clear b. Partly cloudy (NIGHT) a. Clear b. Partly cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To the left of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Behind you f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about an observed object or incident.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: __________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up and disappear?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions about the observed UFO.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying in an airplane?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving?
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?    miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No
e. Camera    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with several questions and diagrams related to observing and documenting UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you (first) saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

