The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book archive, dated 14 December 1962.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 14 December 1962
2. LOCATION: Pound Ridge, Connecticut
3. TIME: 21:00
4. DURATION: 10 sec.
5. CASE: 14/22393
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: One
8. WITNESSES: Civilian
9. COURSE: Unknown
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Comet-like object flashing across sky to southwest then abrupt change to brilliant altitude. Believed by observer to be meteor or debris.
11. COMMENTS: Observation confined to visual sighting - no other associated data.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Probably meteor.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Daily Observer
Air Force Correspondence Task
Poundridge, D. C.

Dear Sir:
On December 14th at approximately 5:30 a radio brilliant flash of blue green and yellowish light, was sighted apparently descending from the general direction of the eastern horizon. The object appeared to be cylindrical in shape and moving at a high rate of speed. It traveled in a northeasterly direction for some 10 to 15 seconds and then seemed to disappear. The total duration of the sighting was approximately 20 seconds. Two separate observers reported the sighting at this location
This information is forwarded for your information and such evaluation as you might deem appropriate.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

"And it is posted at 6:55 was there distance used and advanved uez to dark cause.
This information is of all (confidential) and shall be used
VERY to cooperate.
James Kenly"

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, that contains handwritten text and an address.

The text in the document reads:

Ctvil
RK 1, Box 944
Pound Ridge, N.Y.

Dear Officer,

Attached herewith is our copy of a report concerning an unidentifed object sighted in the sky near Pound Ridge, N.Y. on November 29, 1962. 

We would appreciate your acknowledgement of receipt of this report and any comments you might have.

Sincerely,
Richard K. Carluccio
Pound Ridge, 
Washington, D.C.

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image does not contain any photograph, only text and a blacked-out section.

Air Force Command Post
Pentagon Building
Washington, D.C.
Gentlemen:
Enclosed is a clipping taken from the Wilton Bulletin of December 19, 1962. I thought it might be of interest to you to know I also sighted the same object from Wilton at 5:32 P.M. December 14th, falling in a southeasterly direction toward the town of Weston, Connecticut. Very truly yours, - name redacted -

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Duty Officer
Air Force Command Post
Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

On December 11th at approximately 5:30, I saw a brilliant flash, flames, and sparks descending from a low altitude to the ground. At that time, I reported this incident to the New York State Police. However since that time I have been in contact with Dr. ___ of Wilton, Connecticut, who witnessed the same incident and reported it to the Air Force and advised we do the same. 

If this information is at all helpful (direction, etc.) I shall be most happy to cooperate.

Yours truly,

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Dr. Heller Sights Brilliant Object Near Ridgefield-Wilton Border Dec. 14
The text describes an encounter on December 14 where Dr. Heller sighted a brilliant object near Ridgefield-Wilton border. The object was traveling south on Route 33 and was observed from a relatively high altitude. Dr. Heller reported that the object had been visible for several minutes and had been a relatively slow-moving object of a considerable size. The nature of the object was unknown, according to the report.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

Outputting the text found in the document:

AFTER 5 DAYS RETURN TO
Wilton, Conn.

Air Force Command Post
Pentagon Building
Washington, D. C.

- page 8 -

