The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a Project 10073 Record Card. The card contains various fields with information about an observation, including the location (Meredith, New Hampshire), the date (5 July 1962), the duration of the observation (30 seconds), and a description of the observed object, which is described as looking like an "a/c" (aircraft) but had a "fin" and seemed to be an "a/c" but was "backing away". The card also includes several checkboxes for conclusions and other details about the observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 5 July 1962
2. LOCATION Meredith, New Hampshire 
3. LAT. 43°37'30"N LONG. 71°31'48"W
4. TIME 2150 EST 
5. PHOTOS NO.
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 30 seconds
7. BASIC DATA:
   Observation at twilight for 30 second duration (6:50:55 - 6:51:25) that looked like a/c through TX except that it had a fin & seemed to be an a/c but was "backing away". Looked like an a/c.
8. CONCLUSIONS:
   No physical evidence
   Not Ballistic
   Not astronomical
   Not Aircraft
   Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form with questions related to the observation of an unidentified flying object.

Text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar? a match-head

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Nearly all of it

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It was lost in declination and disappeared

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A ball-peen with the clip reversed

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with questions related to a UFO sighting.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At home
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I had been preparing to observe Venus, and noticed it by accident.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)  Yes  No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. West
b. North
c. Northeast
d. East
e. Southeast
f. South
g. Southwest
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. West
b. North
c. Northeast
d. East
e. Southeast
f. South
g. Southwest
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (the real North) and also the number of degrees if was above the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North 250 degrees.
b. Elevation 15 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 270 degrees.
b. Elevation 12 degrees.

- page 3 -

There are two sketches/illustrations present in the image.

The first sketch shows a curved line with an object or explosion at the top. This appears to be an instruction or example related to how to draw or depict a UFO sighting.

The second sketch shows two larger scenes. On the left is a landscape with a road and buildings in the distance. On the right is a smaller scene showing a person standing in a landscape.

As an OCR system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object (flying saucer) was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show its position when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? German

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: Meredith, New Hampshire

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see the other ones? the use of the telescope

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? 
I do not know.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or report.

The text found in the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street Meredith N.H.
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
Age: 14 Sex: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 SEP 62 Month Year

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a document from Project Blue Book containing a written report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write our a short description of the event that you observed. Your past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. To be present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached.

NAME (Please Print):
SIGNATURE: 
DATE: July 25, 1962

I had been preparing to observe Venus and I was setting up my telescope when I noticed this. I immediately turned it on this object as it seemed to be a disc of light hovering over the trees. I immediately began calling it to the attention of other persons to "look at the scene, but unfortunately a few came out and then went back into their homes. The time was approximately 8:00 PM and I continued to watch the object which seemed to be fairly stationary. There were few or no clouds and the visibility was warm and dry. There were few or no stars visible. The object finally went down and disappeared from sight.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text in the document is as follows:

United States Air Force
Bureau of U.F.O.
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

I am writing to inform you of an unidentified aerial phenomenon which I have observed in the following details:

1. Date Observed: 7/12/62
2. Time Observed: Daylight Saving Time
3. Duration of Observation: Daylight Saving Time
4. Location of Observation: Meredith, New Hampshire

5. Length of Time observed: Approx. 40 seconds
6. Sky conditions: Just a trace of daylight.
7. Weather conditions: Sun/Moon: New Moon had just set, or extremely thin crescent.
8. Astronomical Objects: There were no stars visible; the sky was one plane of dark.
9. Brightness: It was not brighter than the background.
10. One object did not emit any light.

11. Description of Object:
a. Did not seem to stand still at any time.
b. Did not speed up or slow down at any time.
c. Did not give off smoke.
d. Did not change brightness.
e. Did not change shape.

13. It moved smoothly and did not vibrate, flicker, throb, or pulsate.
14. The object moved in front of nothing.
15. No sound was heard coming from the object.
16. The object made no sound, and was a gray-brown in color.
17. Remarks:

18. The edges of the object were sharply outlined.
19. There was one object.
20. Motions:

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report detailing an observation or sighting of a possible unidentified flying object (UFO).

21. It is impossible to estimate the size.
22. It was round, but with the naked eye it was 2/3 the size of a dime when first sighted.
23. It disappeared about two yv/o to three when it was completely behind a tree and bushes.
24. Carried it behind a rather tall tree about a size of a telephone pole. I would say the height of a tall man.
25. When I observed it, it was out of doors.
26. Suddenly it disappeared.
27. I was preparing my telescope and quadrant for astronomical observations and noticed it while so engrossed.
28. I was not moving when I observed it.
29. When I looked southwest I observed it appeared southwest. It was looking from west to west-northwest.
30. It went---northwest.
31. Disappeared.

32. Appeared
B. From true North:273°
C. Disappeared

33. A appeared
B-disappeared

34. There were scattered clouds and little or no wind.
35. I tried to report this to the nearest military base and I. I had too small a telescope for searching the entire sky.
36. It was not the first time I had seen one. I have seen them before in broad daylight, these circumstances.
37. It was not the first time I had seen one. I have seen them before in broad daylight, these circumstances.
38. I do not know what it was and have no ideas about it.
39. That particular incident I should it for a few minutes, but for the speed.
40. I could not estimate the distance between the object and myself.
41. ADDRESS: New Hampshire
OCCUPATION: I am a professional pianist, but I am a Freshman in High School.
AGE: 14

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document with text describing the education and background of the person who wrote the document.

Education: 5 grades of school and much outside study
42.1 completed this on July 11, 1962.

I hope that I have included enough information. Thank you.

Cordially,
[Redacted]

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter dated July 23, 1962 from William J. Lockhard, Lt. Colonel, USAF to an unnamed recipient. The letter discusses the attached forms and information about a "flying object" submitted for the recipient's information.

Text from the document:

July 23, 1962

Dear Sir:

Please complete, in detail, the attached forms in duplicate, and mail them back to me.

The latest Department of Defense Fact Sheet on unidentified flying objects is included for your information.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOCKHARD
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document related to Project Blue Book, a former U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Meredith, New Hampshire
William J. Toocadeo 
United States Air Force Service
Office of Information

Dear Sir:

There are a few details on this sheet that I do not think it is necessary with the letter, which I cannot recommend you to look into. If you have any queries, with the letter, which I cannot recommend you to look into. If you have any queries, with the letter which I cannot recommend you to look into. If you have any queries, with the letter, which I hope can be of most of the information, but the time to the minute) date correct, however, if I think I have the most accurate details that I cannot recommend you to look into.

Yours truly,

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that individuals have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes and will be regarded as confidential. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 6 Day, 7 Month, 62 Year
2. Time of day: 8 Hour, 56 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 1. Eastern, 2. Central, 3. Mountain, 4. Pacific, 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Meredith, New Hampshire
5. How long was object in sight? 30 Hours, 0 Minutes, 0 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain, b. Fairly certain
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day: Clear, b. Night: Bright, c. Overcast
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you, b. To your right, c. Behind you, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember
I observed the object at 12:24

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image appears to be a questionnaire or form containing questions about the observation of an unidentified object.

8.1 STARS (Cirrus One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Can't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Partial moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember
9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember
10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know, c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know, d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know, e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know, f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know, g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know, h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know
12. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One for each) a. Eyeglasses: Yes No, b. Sun glasses: Yes No, c. Windshield: Yes No, d. Window glass: Yes No, e. Telescope: Yes No, f. Binoculars: Yes No, g. Other:

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that includes a drawing and space for the witness to fill out information about the observed object.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound made: No sound
    b. Color: Gray-brown

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The drawing shows an arrow pointing to the right, with a simple elongated shape labeled "1x" and a larger version labeled "45x (enlarged)".

18. The edges of the object were:
    a. Circle (s): Fuzzy
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    The witness did not indicate there were more than one object.

- page 15 -

