The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations. The text on the form includes various fields such as the date, location, type of observation, number of objects, brief summary of sighting, conclusions, and comments.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 19 Feb 62
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Last 2 digits of GMT 24/2/62
5. PHOTOS: G Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 12 MIN
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object observed by several witnesses for a short period of time about in a just above the horizon. Movement observed, appeared as a light. After about 1/2 to 1 minute the object disappeared.
12. CONCLUSIONS: B Was Military a Possibly Balloon C Was Astronomical D Possibly Aircraft G Insufficient Data for Evaluation
11. COMMENTS: 1st witness probably observed refraction of Venus. Others observed Venus as it fell below the horizon. All witness agree on time and direction of object.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
MOBILE AIR MATERIEL AREA
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
BROOKLEY AIR FORCE BASE, ALABAMA

REPLY TO: MCJ

21 February 1962

SUBJECT: (UFO) Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Report of an unidentified flying object is submitted below in accordance with/AFR 200-2/: 

(1) Mr. indicated that while he observed the object, it appeared round like a small sun. As the object changed hands, it indicated the object was round at first and then changed its shape after a while into the size and shape of a football.

(2) Mr. indicated the size was about 1/3 the size of the sun and this was verified by Mrs. who indicated that when the object changed its shape, it appeared to be the approximate size of a football.

(3) Both men indicated the object was reddish-orange in color.

(4) Both men verified that there was only one object.

(5) None

(6) None other than shape.

(7) None

(8) No sound or noise was heard.

(9) None

(1) Mr. attention was drawn to the object by his daughter. As he was driving across the Dauphin Island bridge, she, in turn, brought it to the attention of Mr.

(2) Both men indicated the object was just above the horizon.

(3) Elevation remained constant at all times.

(4) none

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Calling the radar station indicated the object disappeared while he was escorting the object. Mr. Washington indicated that a fog seemed to cause the object's disappearance.
a. (1) Ground-visual in both instances.
(2) None
(3) Not applicable
d. (1) Approximately 24:00Z
(2) Dusk, the sun had set about ten (10) to fifteen (15) minutes prior to the observation of the object.
e. (1) Both individuals observed the object from the Dauphin Island.
f. (1) Both observers are civilians and Mr. Washington who is 52, of Dauphin Island, Alabama is a commercial fisherman for Blue Point Seafood Company of Mobile, Point, Alabama.
(2) Not applicable.
g. (1) Both observers indicated that the weather was "perfect, clear and cloudless".
(2) The Weather Bureau of Brookley Air Force Base made an observation at 1755 indicating the following:
(a) Sunset - 17:42
(b) Ceiling - 8000, scattered
(c) Temperature - 66°
(d) Winds - North at six (6) knots
(e) Sea level pressure - 200
(3) 8000 scattered
(4) 10 miles

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

(5) Scattered
(6) None 
(7) 66°
h. (1) None known
i. (1) None
j. (1)
k. (1) Capt. Thomas C. Alfsen, Assistant Staff Judge Advocate, Contracts Division.

Mr. who is a commercial fisherman, indicated that he had been a fisherman all his life and that he had observed many natural phenomena in the sky; however, he had never seen anything comparable to the object that he had observed on this date. He said the object appeared to be reflecting sunlight and that it was a very brilliant object - after the sun has set. However, he stated none of these would explain the present phenomena.

Mr. on the other hand, indicates he has never really observed anything in the sky that this object was observed.

The 93rd Radar Squadron, which is located at Dauphin Island, was contacted and they indicated that they did not pick up anything on the radar screen at the time this object was observed. Further, no other witnesses observed this object.

1. (1) None

FOR THE COMMANDER:

THOMAS C. ALFSEN
CAPTAIN, USAF
Judge Advocate

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

8 - 33 - 
Hear to KNOW Date -
Mobile, Alabama, 2/27/62 (Zone Cente 3 Alarm 5

GAPUE CAPE TO CAPT. PERSON - CONFIRMED
(Flying Saucer seen an observation station - RADORAD and confirmed 3 air craft sighters from different location 
(Moon) AT 70° APPROX HEADING)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the U.S. Air Force's "Project Blue Book" regarding a UFO sighting report.

HEADQUARTERS 
MOBILE AIR MATERIEL AREA 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
BROOKLEY AIR FORCE BASE, ALABAMA

REPLY TO
    MOJ   28 February 1962

SUBJECT: Supplement to UFO Report of 21 February 1962

TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center
     Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Subsequent to the telephone conversation with your office, the undersigned again contacted the 653rd Radar Squadron at Dauphin Island, Alabama. Additional information was obtained and there were two additional witnesses to this observation. The first was Airman Second Class Thurman, both of that squadron. They indicated to me that they were on their round-the-clock monitoring duties and observed the object in the sky. They indicated that it was red in color and stationary for a period of time, then ascended vertically and disappeared. 

2. The second was Airman Third Class Tiller, also of that squadron. He indicated to me that he too observed the object and it was red in color, stationary, then ascended vertically and disappeared. 

3. As indicated previously, the date of this observation was 15 February 1962.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

THOMAS O. ALFSEN
Captain, USAF
Judge Advocate

- page 6 -

