The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 2 May 1962
2. LOCATION: Fairborn, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: -
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: No
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: -
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: -
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Brilliant blue-whites reported by observer who is a civilian. Object observed through radar scope from approximately 10:30 to 11:00 PM. Object moved from one point to another point in sky, stopped, then moved again. Object was quite large and round. Sighting lasted 25-30 minutes.
11. COMMENTS: Observer reporting radar shows that object was real, although it may not have actually been there physically 5/2/62.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a questionnaire form. The form contains questions related to the speed and distance of an unidentified object, as well as personal information about the respondent, such as their name, address, telephone number, age, and sex.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? speed of a jet

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: [Redacted] Sex: Male

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Redacted] Day [Redacted] Month [Redacted] Year

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a blank page with some handwritten notes in the center. There is no photograph or other visual content present in this image.

37.90 91.78 26.1
111.14 1.1 16

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a record card for an unidentified object sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE - May 1, 1962
2. DATE-TIME GROUP - Local
3. PHOTOS - 0
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION - Ground-Visual
5. WEATHER - Clear
6. SOURCE - Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 2-3 min.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS - 1
9. COURSE - Straight and level
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING - Object observed by a civilian observer to be a bright bluish-green round object which gave off sparks and looked like a falling star. This is typically a morning sighting with the object described as coming from the northwest and heading southeast at a high rate of speed. Although this is typically a morning sighting, the time listed is in the evening hours.
11. COMMENTS - This sighting appears to be a typical morning sighting of a meteor or other natural phenomenon, although the time listed is in the evening hours.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, specifically a questionnaire to gather information about unidentified flying object sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 1962 Month Year
2. Time of day: 22:20 Hour Minute
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Fairborn, Ohio
Nearest Postal Address Fairborn, Ohio
State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? 10 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time of sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object in DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographic material. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

The text from the document is as follows:

6. IF you saw the object AT NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Yes_ No__ Don't Know_

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes_ No_ Don't Know_
b. Suddenly speed up and dash away at any time? Yes_ No_ Don't Know_
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes_ No_ Don't Know_
d. Give off smoke? Yes_ No_ Don't Know_
e. Change brightness? Yes_ No_ Don't Know_
f. Change shape? Yes_ No_ Don't Know_
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes_ No_ Don't Know_

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes__ No__ Don't Know__
If you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes__ No__ Don't Know__
If you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One)
a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes_ No_ 
b. Sun glasses Yes_ No_
c. Windshield Yes_ No_ 
d. Window glass Yes_ No_
e. Binoculars Yes_ No_
f. Telescope Yes_ No_
g. Other (specify) _

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with questions and instructions related to describing an observed object.

OCR Text output:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the draw to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle (Sharp)
b. Like a bright star
c. Blurry
d. Definitely outlined
e. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page of a document with questions and instructions, likely related to a UFO report or investigation.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document with various questions and checkboxes. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country-side? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. South c. East d. Southeast e. West f. Southwest g. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ____miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead 

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared. 
a. From true North. ____degrees.
b. From horizon. ____degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared.
a. From true North. ____degrees. 
b. From horizon. ____degrees.

- page 9 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions for the witness to fill out.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: Month: Year:

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

35.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No 

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Blank]

- page 10 -

