The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which includes various fields such as date, location, type of observation, source, number of objects, comments, and other details related to a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 10-31-1952
2. LOCATION: Kettering, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. DURATION: 1 min
6. SOURCE: Mil-Air
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright light on the western horizon, disappeared in an flashing light out. Radar indicated contact altitude: 30-40,000 ft. Speed 600-700 mph. Observer had prior ground-radar contact in July 52 at Vandalia, Ohio. Light disappeared soon after contact established on radar.
11. COMMENTS: Investigation indicated report was apparently accurate. No balloons, aircraft, or meteors in area. Radar contact was for about 1 min. Light was of "very high intensity" according to observer. F-86 scrambled but did not make contact. Total elapsed time from start to disappearance was about 1 min.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force the possible sighting of unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be regarded as confidential material. Your name and address will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object? 8-8-62
2. Time of day: 6:15 A.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Kettering, Ohio
Additional remarks:
5. How long was object in sight? 5 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: b. Bright c. Cloudy d. NIGHT: e. Bright f. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at it? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To your left
ATIC 192 A 164 This form supersedes ATIC 194. 13 Oct 54.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with multiple-choice and short answer questions about sightings of unidentified objects.

a. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and the MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. Crescent moonlight 
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. As a light 
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes - No
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes - No
c. Gradually fade away or disappear? Yes - No
d. Change brightness? Yes - No
e. Cause shadows? Yes - No
f. Flash or flicker? Yes - No
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One)
a. Yes, it moved behind.
b. No, it did not move behind.
c. Don't know.

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One)
a. Yes, in front of.
b. No, not in front of.
c. Don't know.

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Translucent

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No for each)
a. Eyeglasses Yes - No
b. Sun glasses Yes - No
c. Windshield Yes - No
d. Window glass Yes - No
e. Telescope Yes - No
f. Binoculars Yes - No
g. Theodolite Yes - No
h. Other Yes - No

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with sections for the witness to describe various aspects of the observed object, such as sound, color, shape, and edges.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound
b. Color - Reddish, oblong
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include the apparent size, the direction from which it was moving, and any other details to show the direction the object was moving.
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                  b. Like a bright star
                  c. Sharply outlined
                  d. Don't remember
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a series of questions and spaces for handwritten responses.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
                                               /Yyx" /- m s'T'rr/'i'

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the object. How much of the match stick does the object cover? If you had performed this action at the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
 /      ;*■ ^ ^       / 0</<- I'd:*' - ^

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
D/£) R/t?? ~s/<rw^v dr^s

24. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in detail the common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance which you saw.
Cfi/Y> /)*** CL&t*?

- page 5 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the Project Blue Book, which was the official study of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Space provided for handwritten response]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete 28.1: What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

31. If you can judge it, what was the bearing (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees it was from true North (that is, the number of degrees if we measured it from the horizon).

31.1 When it first appeared: ____ degrees.
a. From true North. _____ degrees.
b. From horizon. _____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North. _____ degrees.
b. From horizon. _____ degrees.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)	WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky	a. Dry
b. Hazy	b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds	c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds	d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Year:

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? 
(Circle One)
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes	No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see it before?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire or form filled out as part of Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No  
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
Age: 20 Sex: M 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be relevant: [redacted]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 18 Day 8 Month

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with handwritten text.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and used as accurately as possible, the following space is write out a brief description of the event that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further statements, or additional details that you believe are important. Try to present the details in a clear and concise manner.

[Handwritten text]: Aircraft shot down. Pilot killed. Crashed near Kettering, Ohio. Not sure but tought (sic) it was a jet fighter on a training mission. When I first sighted it, it was very high and appeared to be in distress. Falling rapidly , then burst into flames and crashed. No debris or bodies found. Short time after crash, Air Force officers came to take pictures and make an investigation.

- page 9 -

