The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 14 Feb 62
2. LOCATION: Miami, Florida
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2325Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5-10 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Unidentified radar target observed moving at high speed. Blip moved erratic, made sharp turns, and appeared to change shape. Showed identical characteristics to previous cases reported over this area.
11. COMMENTS: Object was detected by Ground Radar Station located at Miami AFB. Blip was intermittent and showed erratic flight pattern. Characteristics were similar to previous reports of Unidentified targets over the area. No further details were obtained as to what the object was or its origin.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out form with text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day, Month, Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)    Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)    Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
My husband, same address as mine
My brother and his wife, same address as mine

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)    Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name FIRST NAME MIDDLE NAME
ADDRESS: Street CITY PENNA. State ZIP
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (redacted)
Age: 46 Sex: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 14 4 62 (Day, Month, Year)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a scanned document that appears to be a letter written by a witness describing a UFO sighting near the Key Biscayne Hotel in Florida on February 14, 1962. The text of the letter is as follows:

April 8, 1962

United States Air Force
UFO Project
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

On February 14, shortly after 9:00 p.m., I was sitting with three other persons by the swimming pool at the Key Biscayne Hotel, Key Biscayne, Florida. The sky was cloudless, and the stars were very bright. While watching the sky, we saw a bright light, as bright and as large as any star in the sky (as a matter of fact, it looked like a star). It was moving across the sky, roughly from west to east. We thought it might be Echo. We have seen it a number of times. However, as it approached the vicinity of the moon, it dimmed. We thought that this was because of the brightness of the moon and that we would see it again on the other side of the moon. It seemed to us that its path would have taken it across the face of the moon. We waited for at least 20 minutes, but did not see it again. We estimated that it should have taken it no more than 2 minutes to pass over and beyond the moon's radiance so that its brightness could again be seen. But, as I said, we did not see it again.

We wondered if it was a weather balloon, etc. Could you enlighten us?

Sincerely,
(Mrs.)

P.S. It was not a falling star. We cannot figure why it did not come out on the other side of the moon!

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet containing a detailed written report about a sighting of a bright light moving across the sky in the early morning hours of February 14, 1962 near Miami, Florida. The report describes the witness's observations of the light, including how it dimmed and faded, reappeared, and seemed to be heading in a west to east direction. The report also notes that the witness would not have written to the Air Force if they did not believe the sighting was significant.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to give a full description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

On February 14, at approximately 2:15 a.m., while sitting with three others by the hotel to our left and the ocean to our right, we saw a bright light, just like the headlight of an automobile, moving through the other stars. The light was about 6 minutes until it came into the aura of the moon. It then dimmed and faded completely from our view. We watched for about 20 minutes, expecting it to come into view again on the other side of the moon - that is, to the right of the moon as we were facing it. However, it did not reappear. I would not have written to the Air Force - I would have thought it was one of the Echo satellites. We have seen a number of times and have also seen some of the Russian satellites.

The direction of this light was roughly from west to east, or it was heading in the direction of the ocean. The direction may have been southwest to northeast.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a technical information sheet used by the U.S. Air Force to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 1 / 7 / 62 
2. Time of day: 7 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address: City or Town State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? Hours 0 Minutes 30 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy c. Bright d. Overcast
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FID FORM 164 JUL 21 164 This form supersedes ATIC 141, Feb 56, which is obsolete.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Half moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? [No response provided]

11. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes - No - Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes - No - Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes - No - Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes - No - Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes - No - Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes - No - Don't Know
g. Emit colored lights? Yes - No - Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No - Don't Know

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? 
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes - No
b. Sun glasses Yes - No  
c. Windshield Yes - No
d. Window glass Yes - No
e. Telescope Yes - No
f. Binoculars Yes - No
g. Telescope Yes - No
h. Other Yes - No

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Not provided]
b. Color: [Not provided]

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and particularly unusual trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The provided space for the drawing is empty, indicating that no drawing was included.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star 
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The provided space for the drawing is empty, indicating that no drawing was included.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains text-based questions and responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book UFO report document, with a series of questions and answer spaces.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ___________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

- page 10 -

The image contains three sketches, but no photographs. The sketches illustrate different scenarios related to the perceived height of an unidentified object above the horizon.

The text of the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 11 -

