There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 10 September 1962
2. LOCATION: BREWSTER, OHIO
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Visual
4. PHOTOS: Cy-Physical
7. SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Request for identification of metal strips found on farm.
Analysis shows objects to be chalk.
8. CONCLUSIONS: No further evaluation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribing the text in the document:

"Memoria City Sept 10, 1962

Mr. Brewstead your previous research into this field has been a aid in various ways, and we appreciate it very much. However, according to the light that some now favor us concerning this question, we find it desirable to draw your attention to certain facts that have come to our knowledge during the last few days.

We cannot, at this juncture, be that frank and open as we would wish to be. We find it necessary to be somewhat guarded in our remarks, and to confine ourselves to generalities. This is due to the fact that the ground upon which we stand is not as solid and assured as we would like it to be. We feel, however, that the time is not far distant when we can be more communicative.

We are in receipt of information from various sources, all of which tend to corroborate the fact that the phenomena with which we are concerned have a far wider ramification and much deeper significance than was at first supposed. Certain developments have taken place which, if verified, will revolutionize many of our accepted theories and conceptions.

We are, therefore, anxious to have your further views and comments on this very important subject. We feel that your experience and knowledge will be of great value to us at this juncture.

We are, sir,
Yours faithfully,
[Signature]"

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

OCR Output:

"..talk. The matter is something like this. About the last of June 1962, I and one other person were driving around in the country near Brewster, Ohio searching for what we thought was unusual information. We have been interested in the UFO phenomenon for some time and frequently go out to spots where they have been reported thinking we may see something ourselves.

The morning I can recollect was a clear, sunny day and we were driving along a country road north of Brewster when we noticed something in the sky that appeared to be unusual. It seemed to be hovering and moving about in a rather erratic manner. We stopped the car and watched it for some time. It appeared to be a metallic, disk-like object reflecting the sunlight. It seemed to be about the size of a large automobile and was several hundred feet in the air.

We watched it for some time and finally it suddenly shot straight up and disappeared from sight. The whole observation lasted about 10 to 15 minutes.

Note: File was obtained from confidential sources by Mr. ____."

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official document related to Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-3/Col Wyan

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information (Letters from NASA)

TO: Hq USAF (AFCIN-4E, Major Hart)
Washington 25, DC

1. Reference the attached letters forwarded to this office from the NASA requesting information on unidentified flying objects. These letters are forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem appropriate.

2. The in-file referred to in these letters is being reviewed by USAF airborne circuits division & practice missions.

FOR THE COMMANDER

EDWARD J. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

October 9, 1962

Dear Mrs. [Redacted],

Regarding your letter concerning bunches of oval forms in nearby fields.

These objects are well known to us as "spheres" proposed from aircraft is in nearby incidents. These radar returns [redacted] [redacted] making the movement positive as they fall slightly below trees. These radar returns seem to disappear as they get remote indicating directed to the ground. The radar operators were probably mistaken in thinking they were aircraft due to nature of the returns. 

Your interest is appreciated.

Sincerely,

W. J. LOCKARDOR 
Public Information Div. 
Directorate of Information
Office of Information

- page 5 -

