The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a record card from Project 10073, with text entries describing an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) in Atlanta, Georgia on March 23, 1963.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE
23 March 1963

2. LOCATION
Atlanta, Georgia

3. LOCAL STANDARD TIME
2000

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. DURATION
6-7 seconds

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1-3 seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object viewed to the NE which gave the impression of a shooting star or meteor. It appeared to descend rapidly leaving a long orange-blue and edged with gold. Round light for a fraction of a second and then star-drop shape.

11. COMMENTS
Observer probably saw a meteor trail and misinterpreted the phenomenon. The object was not evaluated as a meteor by the University of Georgia Observatory and was considered an astronomical event. The witness also evaluated as a meteor-like object by the military officer.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Meteor
Probably Balloon 
Astronomical 
Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from a report document. The text in the document is as follows:

April 12, 1963
0-4-22

Decatur, Georgia

Dear ____,

We are in receipt of your report of April 5, 1963, of the sighting of a motor-truck object to the Foreign Technology Division. Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. For their information and any reply they may consider appropriate.

Such phenomena are outside our area of study and activity. Therefore, they would not be expected to participate in an investigation or study to identify the phenomenon you observed, as the capabilities and resources of this organization would not be adequate to probe or improve this possible explanation.

Sincerely yours,

A. G. Stephens
Chief, Investigations and
Satellite Facilities Division

cc: 
Wright-Patterson AFB (with letter)

PPStarke:jw 4/12/63

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the U.S. Weather Bureau in Washington, D.C., dated April 5, 1963, regarding a sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO) in Decatur, Georgia on March 23, 1963.

U. S. Weather Bureau
Washington, D. C.
Gentlemen:

METEOR

On the evening of March 23, at almost precisely eight o'clock, a very bright object was observed from Decatur, Georgia. It was very bright, larger than a star, bluish in color and edged with gold. It was round, but was pulled downward toward the horizon.

The object was roughly a third as large as the sun seems to be. It was bluish in color and edged with gold. It was round, but was pulled downward toward the horizon. It also pulled a little out of shape at the top, where the speed seemed faster than at the bottom.

I have watched both papers and magazines for an explanation, but cannot find anything that seems to fit my observation. If you have had other descriptions of this phenomenon, I should be most interested to know what you have been told. This has been an almost unforgettable experience. I have no doubt of my having seen something extraordinary.

I should be most interested to know what I saw. There is no doubt of my having seen something.

Very sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

