There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image contains a Project 10073 Record Card, which appears to be a form used to document a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 11 August 63
2. LOCATION: Warrenville, Illinois
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 seconds
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
7. COURSE: Disappearing from horizon
8. SHAPE: - 
9. COMMENTS: Disappeared above horizon. 5 minutes later object same size passed from horizon to horizon, silently, slow. Witness followed with eyes. Sound: none. Witness third hand.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, just a typed document. Here is the text output from the document:

Lt. Col. Robert Friend
7143 Habershan Dr. George Hiss
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

I read this evening in the newspaper a write-up about a strange sighting of a large, strange glow, moving rather slowly through the sky. I wish to report to you that on that evening I was outside looking up at the sky and had this strange phenomenon. It was outside our home, and I noticed it about 8:10 PM and watched it for several minutes. It moved rather slowly in a southeasterly direction and at times seemed to be brighter at the front than at the rear. I would estimate that it was up about 15 to 20 seconds later, although perhaps a minute or so later, I noticed the Bank Manager across the street outside looking up at the sky at the same phenomenon. I told him about it and he said he had just observed it. So it appears that others in the neighborhood saw the same thing. 

It flashed about 3 times before it disappeared. It flashed about 3 times before it disappeared. I was excited and called my husband to come out and see it, but by the time he came out it had disappeared. The object seemed to be solid in appearance and not like an airplane or satellite. The sky was clear and there was no moon at the time. I would estimate the time it was visible to be in about 20 to 30 seconds. It seemed to be traveling faster than an airplane but not as fast as a shooting star. When it disappeared, it was rather sudden and I was disappointed that I could not observe it longer. I did not notify the police or any other agency about it. 

This is the first time I have ever seen anything like this and I was quite excited about it. I would be interested in any information you may have on it or if it has been reported by others in the area. If you would like any additional information, please let me know.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an envelope or letter addressed to Lt. Col. Robert Friend at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio. The return address is "Warrenville, Ill." and the postmark indicates the date as August 8, 1963.

The text in the image is as follows:

Warrenville, Ill.
7h 24y 1963
Lt. Col. ROBERT FRIEND
Wright-Patterson Air Force Ba se
Dayton, Ohio

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

UFO SIGHTINGS & INFORMATION SHEET

1. On 12 August 1963, it was reported that an individual (Mrs. Galser) sighted a UFO at Warrenville, Illinois.

2. On 15 August 1963, Mr. August 1963, Mr. August 1963 made observations of the object that was observed on 12 August 1963. A brief description of his observations were included in the sightings sent to persons requesting information on unidentified flying objects. It is suggested that a copy of this release be forwarded to Mr. August for his comments.

3. On 13 September 1963, Mr. made a sighting of two objects and a completed UFO report containing essential data necessary for evaluation of the sighting. However, the positive conclusion can be reached from the information contained therein. It is suggested that two copies of the brochure released to the public be forwarded to Mr. August for his comments.

Post Office Box 1142
Sunnyvale, California

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text only.

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
PROJECT BLUE BOOK
AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO
and subsystems

FOR THE COMMANDER

- page 5 -

