The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form, specifically record 10073. The form contains details about a UFO sighting that occurred on July 4, 1963 in Greensboro, North Carolina. The details include the date, time, location, observer, nature of the objects observed, length of observation, type of observation, and physical evidence. The conclusion states that there is "INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION" regarding the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
4 July 63 05/000302
2. LOCATION
Greensboro, North Carolina
10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Observed reported sighting March 67. To old to do further investigation.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was yellow with a row of red lights twinkling when he observed it for 2-3 minutes as it moved slowly back and forth overhead and out of sight.
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
8. PHOTOS
None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire used for reporting UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information obtained will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make.

1. When did you see the object?
Day - July 3, 1965

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Starmont Forest Country Club, Greensboro, North Carolina

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0 hours 2 minutes 0 seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where were you located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of car c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): Many, A few, Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): Bright moonlight, Dull moonlight, No moonlight - pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear sky, Hazy, Scattered clouds, Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): Dry, Fog, mist, or light rain, Moderate or heavy rain, Snow, Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): Solid, Transparent or translucent, As a light, Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): Brighter, Dimmer, About the same, Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): Fuzzy or blurred, Like a bright star, Other, Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One or each item)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, NO, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, NO, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, NO, Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes, NO, Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes, NO, Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes, NO, Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes, NO, Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
No.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No_ Don't Know. If you answered YES, 
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No_ Don't Know. If you answered YES, 
in front of: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Yellow with a row of red lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been head?
about 10 of the object would have been head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch of the object that you saw such as wings, protuberances, etc., and especially whether trails or structure seemed unusual.

Row of Red Lights

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and response options.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes - No. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50-60 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes - No. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3/4 - 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors plane (types), d. On an airplane, e. At sea, f. Other 

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city, b. In the residential section of a city, c. In open country/field, d. Near an airfield, e. Flying over a city, f. Flying over open country, g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes - No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes - No, b. Sun glasses Yes - No, c. Binoculars Yes - No, d. Window glass Yes - No, e. Telescope Yes - No, f. Telephoto lens Yes - No, g. Other Yes - No 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when sighted by you in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object. POSSIBLY a plane traveling without wings, and with the willows showing.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram or sketch depicting a UFO sighting scenario. The diagram shows a curved horizon line with various angles and directions marked, as well as a compass rose. The text below the diagram provides instructions and questions related to the sighting, such as drawing the motion of the object, indicating the direction the object was moving, and describing any multiple objects that may have been observed.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved horizon line the highest point you first saw of the object. Place a "B" on this line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" again on the line when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any change in direction during the course. DOTTED LINE = SLOW
HEAVY = RAPID ACCE

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TRANSCRIPT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.
NO.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their name:
I was with a group of b oys, watching fireworks, and I don't remember who they were.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] Street, Greensboro, 27203
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 18 SEX: Male
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might help in the evaluation of the report.
I have a small telescope, which I use occasionally, as I am fairly familiar with the stars & meteors which coincides with phenomena which I investigated.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
DATE: March 4, 1963
to Wright Patterson AFB

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 April 1963
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in this specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

We were watching fireworks, which was to our East, not 3/4 of a mile away. The UFO was hovering, and seemed to be moving in a reversed direction as it picked up speed, then assuming a saucer-like shape, it seemed to go straight up. It was very large, and was yellow or orange. We saw a row of red lights at the perimeter. The sky was clear, and somewhat lit up from the fireworks. The UFO was about a mile away, at treetop level. But its size and pattern of flight would suggest that it was not a conventional craft.

- page 8 -

