This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and observations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 14 November 1963
2. LOCATION: (not given)
3. DATA-TIME GROUP: (not given)
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 5 - Ground-Visual
5. SOURCE: C - Ground-Radar
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 300 seconds
10. BASIC EVALUATION OF SIGHTING: Object unidentified as planet, or bright star. Altitude unknown. 25 deg. elevation. Covered 25 degrees in 55 seconds. Initial heading east then west.

- page 1 -

The image contains a newspaper clipping or document that appears to be a report about "Strange Lights in the Sky" from the Centre Nurses Report. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR output:

Centre Nurses Report
Strange Lights in Sky
Sept. 22. Cirle county aviation police reported seeing the strangedual lights in the sky over their air base. A number of local center nurses reported seeing the same lights in the sky,
The strange lights were first observed moving slowly and erratically, first high and then low in the sky. They appeared to be red and white in color. The lights were seen for about 15 minutes. Some nurses believe that the objects may be helicopters. But they stated that the lights were unlike anything they had ever seen before.
The strange lights were also observed by a non-commissioned officer in the U.S Army at a nearby military installation in the area. He said the lights appeared to be high in the sky 
and moved in a very strange and erratic manner. They did not resemble any known aircraft, he said.
Mrs. James Harter, 1807 Dexter, said she and her husband watched the strange lights while visiting relatives, They both agreed that the lights were unlike any known aircraft, Mrs. Harter stated that the lights seemed to hover and then suddenly dart in different directions.
Dorotht Rieke, a nurse at the Center, said she along with five other nurses, Miss Katherine Holbrook, Miss Elaine Gallier, Miss Joan McConnell, Miss Winifred Stevons, and Mrs. June Merry, all saw the strange lights as they drove home from the Center on Nov. 12.
The nurses said the lights appeared to be high in the sky, red and white in color, and moved in a strange and erratic manner, unlike any known aircraft, they stated.
After seeing the lights, the nurses reported their observations to the Michigan State Police and to the Office of Special Investigations at Selfridge Air Force Base.
A Constance Andrei, an executive in the Detroit area, said she and three other persons saw similar lights in the sky on Nov. 15 at about 9 p.m. The lights, she said, hovered and then darted off in different directions, just as described by the nurses.
Fisher Executive
Dies In Crash
DETROIT (UPI) - Fisher
Body Division executive E.J.
Fisher, 55, was killed today
when his car crashed into a
tree. Police said Fisher died
instantly. 
Detroit Junior Live

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO sighting report.

Object Sighted 11-9-63
(Continued from Page One)
They said the object came low over the trees and appeared to be a "fiery object".
As it came, the object seemed to move in a direction, and then it would seem to move in a different direction and then toward the ground. The object flashed its light and then it would go out. Deeny said that this had happened three times.
He said the object came toward them about the height and distance of another object (a city object) and was about one and one-half the size of another object (a city object) which they refer to.
When, as it came closer, they saw that it was larger than it had first appeared to be. Deeny said the the object came closer and they could see that it was shaped like a "fiery object".
He said the light from the object illuminated the area where the trees are. Also, the light caused the trees to appear to be silvery in color.
Deeny said that they watched the object for about 20 minutes. He said at one time the object came closer to them and then it seemed to move away in the direction it had come from.
Deeny said that when the object was first sighted, the light was very bright, but as it got farther away, the light seemed to dim.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing text that appears to be a written report.

THE OFFICER said they sighted the object and that the object seemed to be hovering. He stated the object was about 200 feet wide and 30 feet thick. It had a greenish-blue color and a row of red and blue lights around the perimeter. There were four white lights in the middle. The object seemed to be oscillating and moving about 300 yards away from them at about 1,000 feet altitude.

The object then accelerated and moved away from them at a high rate of speed. They watched the object for about 10 minutes before it disappeared.

Deputy Baker said the object was triangular in shape and had a strange glow around it. It did not have any protrusions or wings and seemed to be a solid object.

The officers were not sure what they had seen. They did not have any idea of what the object could be. It did not seem to be an aircraft or any other known object. The officers were not able to determine what the object was.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text describing an unusual encounter between two deputy sheriffs in Michigan and an unidentified flying object.

INFORMATION BULLETIN, VOL. II, MAR 64
16 NOV 63
FT. T. P. MICHIGAN

CLOSE SAUCER SIGHTING IN MICHIGAN:
For, Michigan, two deputy sheriffs in ..... had an unusual encounter with a ... object in the midst of the flashing light. ... were in the area investigating a prowler call. ... stated that they were at the divided highway ... the UPO came into view about 75 miles per hour. ... reached speeds up to 75 miles per hour ... four deputies attempt to catch up with the ... object, which then dimmed out their headlights ... UPO patrol car - and in a few moments ... The UPO not only had a blinding ... shone spotlights onto the object. ... moment the patrol car and the UPO ... UPO then turned on the flashing light ... object disappeared rapidly out of sight. ... motors were louder, and the object disappeared rapidly out of sight.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is a report on a UFO sighting.

INCOMING
LKA447/KNA312
DO RUEAHQ RUECD
ZNR RUHLKM
DO RUEHNX RUECD RUHPPH RUHPB RUHP
DE RUEHNX 12/070352
ZNR U12565TZ
FM 323 AIR DIV KUNIA FACILY HAWAII
TO RUEHNX/PACAF HICKAM HAWAII
RUHPPH/COMHAWSEAFRON PEARL HARBOR HAWAII
INFO RUEAHQ/CSAF USAF WASH DC
RUEOC/CIO WASH DC 
RUECD/SECNAV WASH DC
RUWGALR/CINCPACAF ENT AFB COLOR 
RUHPS/CINCPAC CAMP M M SMITH HAWAII
RUHAFS/CINCUMPACFE PT SHAFTER HAWAII
RUHPS/CINCPACFL PEARL HARBOR HAWAII
RUAPX/COMSUBJAN FUCHU AS JAPAN
RUAQ/COMUKKOREA SEOUL KOREA
RUAGL/COMUSTDC TAIPEE TAIWAN
RUEBBR/COMINSACQ OFF UIT APB NEBR
AF GRNC
PT
UNCLS/HERINFO POSSIBLE PLANET OR BRIGHT STAR/39 NORTH 173 WEST/TIME 232337/DIRECTION OF MOVEMENT SE ALT UNKNOWN 25 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON/SPAN LASTING 175 DEGREES/OBSERVED 45 DEGREES OF ARC IN 55 SEC/SEAS 3 FT/WEATHER CAVUS NOTE: CORR OF APBN 2011 (12 NOV63) TRANSMITTED TO CIA-ADVANCE COPIES TO XOPX, HIN, AND DIA.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text extracted from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING

DTG: 201G (12 Nov 63) 1710B
INFO: RTD-9..202L..202RX..A SAPO-03-3
ARDC-5, DIA-3-55, CMO-81, DCS-35,
CSAF-1, DIAC-4 (INFO), DAF-OIG-2
FROM: RUHPF BZ19 72/3545Z
TO: RUHPFM/COMWAR SEAFRON
RV LKY/CINCPACFLT
RUAWAAH/HADD XUNIA
ZEN/CINCNORAD
INFO RUEGW/CGIO
RUEGW/CCFS USAF
RUHPA/CINCPAC
RUHHLJ/CINCPACFLT
RUHAPS/CINCUSARPAC
RUHBOY/PACAFBASE.COM HICKAM
RUECW/SECNAV

BT
UNCLAS
A. JANAP 146D
1. ME RINT
2. 1352 PALOUT NTD W
3. OBJECT APPEARING AS PLANET OR BRIGHT STAR; DURATION
OF BRIGHTNESS VARYING.
4. AZM 7/5W
5. 3195332
6. ALTITUDE UNKNOWN, ANGLES 25 DEG. ABOVE HORIZON.
7. SE

- page 7 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH

PAGE TWO "UMPF 891 AP INS: 1:11:05 AM 6 (9)
8 INITIAL BEARING 763., COVERED 45 DEG OF ARC IN 59
SECONDS
9. NONE
10. SEAS 3 FEET. WEATHER CAVIL
11. EVALUATION UNKNOWN M
BY

NOTE: ADVANCE COPIES TO XQPX, NIN, AND DIA.
TRANSMITTED TO GIA.

- page 8 -

The image contains a newspaper article or report with the headline "STRANGE LIGHT OBSERVED - Deputies See Object In Sky". The article describes an incident where Deputy Sheriff Jack Potter and several other deputies observed a strange light or object in the sky on the evening of November 11, 1963. The article mentions that the deputies tried to talk about their experience but were told it was "nothing out of the ordinary, especially from a military standpoint." The article does not contain any photographs.

OCR Output:
STRANGE LIGHT OBSERVED
Deputies See Object In Sky
By JOHN P. BROWN
Nov 12 1963
Even this Times Herald has his companion
report of a strange object they saw in the sky one
night last week, but this seems to be another
phase of the same incident.
According to Deputy Sheriff Baker and Marie Clark, they were about two miles west of Skaggs Springs on the Tombs Valley Road Nov. 11 when Sheriff Jack Potter saw what appeared to e a large spherical object apparently suspended in the sky. And when they returned to the office the officers were rather excited and surprised about what they had seen.
"We DIDN'T say they were Unidentified Flying Objects," Baker said, "and we don't know exactly what it was. But we did see something quite unusual in the sky and heard something that made noises."
Baker aid he hesitated to to about their experience, because they
were told it was "nothing out of the ordinary, especially from a military standpoint."
The deputies said they tried to talk about their sighting, but were told "not to say anything about it, it's just one of those things."
However, three other deputies also saw the object, the officers said.
"We all saw the same thing," Deputy T. Nance said. "It was a big bright light that hovered in the sky for a while and then just went out."
In this era of space exploration, there is considerable interest in the matter of Unidentified Flying Objects. What the deputies saw, if they in fact saw anything unusual, may be just a case of the public imagination working overtime. But the fact remains that at least five law enforcement officers claim they saw something quite strange in the sky the other night. And they may not be susceptible to imagining things, judging from their official positions.
Knowshadin Road, where the deputies said the object was seen, is about five miles south and west of Sebastapol. Officer Clark remarked that the light was very high-pitched and that it traveled at a terrific speed before it suddenly went out.
"We were very surprised, and I can't explain it," Ms. Ramsey said.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old document with text describing a "Strange Object in Sky Remains A Mystery".

Strange Object In Sky Remains A Mystery
The unidentified flying object observed by several U.S. Army personnel Tuesday still remains a mystery. The object, observed for some 45 minutes, hovered in the sky over the area and then moved off in the direction of the northwest, finally disappearing from view into the heavens.
At least four persons kept the object under observation and watched as it moved and hovered in the sky. All were unable to identify the object and described it as bright and flickering. It did not appear to be any conventional aircraft, they said.
Col. Cale E. Mc Henry, Commanding Officer of the Nearby U.S. Army installation, said his office had been notified of the incident and that they were investigating. He said that officials from the Army and the Air Force, and other military personnel had observed the object. He said it remained unexplained as yet.
It was reported that other installations in the area had also reported observing the mysterious object in the sky, but as yet no official explanation has been given for the sighting.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it is a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document. The text visible on the page is as follows:

By The Staff
A column of features and stories compiled by members of the staff 
Rumors of flying objects and strange noises may be reported in and around Fort Blount.
The Times Herald or neighboring papers have carried the latest reports on sightings and noises in the area.
The Air Force has stated that these are not real flying objects but are normal aviation activities. From Brigadier Air Force Base, we are told there is nothing unusual in the skies above us. Flights are continuing their training programs.

Giant flying is one of the many means of training personnel in the use of aviation power. Through the exercise new and better ways to plan any defense of the United States of America are developed.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a scanned newspaper article or document.

NOV 17 1963

ALL IN A DAY 
Nobody Believes In
Sky Objects, Do They?
By LOUIS J. DUNN

"Sure, nobody believes in these stories of flying saucers. Sure, nobody believes those stories they read in the papers, about the pilots of big jets who see phenomena up there in the sky that defy explanation..."

So, this is the way it was here in the newspaper office the other day, when somebody brought in a clipping of an item from the Air Force files. A report of another alleged "flying saucer" sighting - this time, in the vicinity of Cape Girardeau, Mo. 

The story said how three men saw this strange aerial object hovering over a field, how the object descended with a brilliant glow, and how the same object later was spotted continuing on its way - with no evidence of an engine, no sound, just hovering 
steadily, silently, without propulsion, and then zooming away at incredible speed.

NOW, HOW MANY OF US appears to be seriously disturbed about matters of this kind? To us, the things concerning the coming to earth of visitors from other planets, are just so much moonshine. There have always been incidents like the Cape Girardeau affair, and they have been adequately explained by various scientific authorities, haven't they?

Well, these same authorities now seem hard put to give us any simple answer to the phenomenon reported so often these days - the sightings of unidentified flying objects, or UFOs. The Air Force itself has a special project, called Blue Book, which is charged with the duty of investigating and trying to explain each new report of the kind. But the more they investigate, the more puzzling it all becomes.

THE TIMES HERALD
Magazine
Page

FEATURES
COLUMNS
EDITORIALS

A requiem to Mickey in "Big", by Dorothy Mitts, her-

some phenomena resulting from the curious display over New England of strange lights which has been tagged "northern lights" by scientists. 

It seems that these northern lights, or "sky objects," as some call them, have been known to play tricks, show phenomena. They can take the shape of strange, hovering, colorful lights, curtains, apparitions, discs. 

They seem to shimmer and glide across the sky, according to those who have seen them. 

"But neither of the deputies who saw the lights admits they were flying saucers," says the authorities. "It was a strange-looking light: Perhaps it was some illusion, a trick of the atmosphere or something like that."

What is it that makes perfectly normal, intelligent people believe they have seen a flying saucer? Even some pilots, considered to be among the most reliable and the keenest observers, have reported seeing just such things - and have been believed.

THOSE DEPUTIES and others who have seen lights in the sky say, "Well, whatever it was, it wasn't a star, and it wasn't a plane." That's about all they can say for sure. They know something was there, something unusual, something no one can quite explain. And they become puzzled, disturbed.

If THOSE LIGHTS were from some place away out in space and came to earth, what could it be? Man can't leave the Earth today and come back with a vehicle that could do this. So what is it? Could it be some form of space craft from some planet somewhere, hovering over us and then zooming away? 

Someday, perhaps man will be able to solve this riddle of the sky. But right now we haven't even begun to see the answers.

THOSE DEPUTIES and others who have reported the incidents say they saw the lights. They insist it was no experiment of any kind, no trick of the atmosphere. They say: "Something unusual was there in the sky, and we don't know what it was."

Just said what they observe

- page 12 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a newspaper or magazine article about a "Study Mystery Space Object". The article discusses a mysterious object that is brighter than the sun and is estimated to be about 1.2 million light years away. The article mentions theories that this object could be the result of a "gravitational collapse" and that scientists at the California Institute of Technology are studying it.

FANTASTIC ENERGY DEC 18 1963
Study Mystery 
Space Object
DALLAS, TEX. (AP)--Did the nebulous mass with two star-like features in fasion yesterday cause a sensation in scientific circles? Theories, some wild, some profound, were advanced to explain the mysterious object which by the Palomar Observatory's estimates is 1.2 million light years away and 100 times brighter than the sun. 
Despite its tremendous brightness, the strange object has defied detailed astronomical study. Theories based on the assumption that it could be an exploded galaxy, or the result of a gravitational collapse, have been advanced. The object is about 1.200 millton light years distant and its apparent size is about 3 times the diameter of the full moon. Theories based on the assumption that it could be an exploded galaxy, or the result of a gravitational collapse, have been advanced. The object is about 1,200 million light years distant and its apparent size is about 3 times the diameter of the full moon.
The strange celestial phenomenon has scientists at the California Institute of Technology and Prof. William A. Fowler of the same institute puzzled. Dr. Fred Hoyle, a British astrophysicist, who developed the theory of the steady-state universe, says the object could be the result of a gravitational collapse--a phenomenon which continues to pour forth energy that exceeds the output of many galaxies.

IS OF CHRIST

- page 13 -

