The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

Project 10073 Record Card
1. DATE: 22 July 1963
2. LOCATION: Englewood, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0447 33/06/63
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G. Ground-Radar
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 min still in same position
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
7. COURSE: Stationary in SW
8. BASIC DATA: Object was a white, circular light that moved around in the SW sky with a red flashing light. Appeared like a moving aerial object. Faded and flickered. Dark, no sound. For info like a moving aerial object.
9. CONCLUSIONS: Case evaluated as observation of the Star Antares. (Case 1-23)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as complete information as possible concerning unidentified aerial observations. The information that you provide will be used for research purposes. Your answers to some of the questions will not be used for identification and will be kept confidential, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 July 1963
2. Time of day: 11 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Englewood, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) - Hours 5 Minutes 30 Seconds
6. How was the sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was the object in sight continuously? Yes _V_ No 
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your rear e. Don't remember

FTD DEC 22 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a detailed questionnaire for the observer.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer
c. Bright
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moon
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't remember

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
BRIGHTER THAN A STAR

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Disappear and reappear?

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

OCR Text Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, ...

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, ...

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound Zizzing 
b. Color White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and tell us how much of the object it covered the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? All

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails on arrows to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the residential section of a city
b. In open country side
c. Near an airfield
d. Flying over a city
e. From an airplane
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses (Yes No)
b. Sun glasses (Yes No)
c. Windshield (Yes No)
d. Window glass (Yes No)
e. Binoculars (Yes No)
f. Telescope (Yes No)
g. Theodolite (Yes No)
h. Other

26. In under that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

A moving star

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch shows a diagram with various angles and markings, along with a compass rose in the top right corner.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve showing how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where, you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If your answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. nest dose 
& son, (05)
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted] 
ADDRESS [redacted] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] 
AGE 35  SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be relevant.
None
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2-22 62  Air Force

- page 7 -

