The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card documenting a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
6 Oct 1963
LOCATION: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
3. EVALUATION: G-2 Glisliar
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes 0 No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 SEC
8. SERIES SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 4 bright objects, white, flash on and off, fast 1 motion, went off to north.
9. ADDITIONAL DATA: The above data indicates that the duration of the sighting was only 20 seconds. No photographs were taken and no other physical evidence was collected. The objects were described as bright, flashing on and off, and maneuvering quickly to the north.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a letter or report related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

15 January 1964
USAF SAF-OLPH
Wash 25 D C 20330
Dear Sir:
Enclosed is a copy of a communication sent me for analysis. 
Approach-10 seconds; then-instantaneous stop. (Radar). 
At no time did there appear to be more than one object. 
60-45 mph determined on the basis of the comparison of various observed factors. 
Object was seen at a distance of approximately 1-1/2 miles. 
The time the object was under observation was approximately 10 seconds. To the best of my knowledge the within area were noticed after object completed its maneuvers. object reward distance from object comparable to 13-15 ft or slightly more. 
It is my opinion that the cause of my sighting had distinct characteristics associated with other sightings which seem to be relatively unexplainable as such devices are rarely seen over this area and probably likely in the case of air-advertising. 
Of course I cannot certify with full assurance the information contained herein but believe the account to be substantially correct. I would appreciate hearing from you concerning this sighting.
Very truly yours,
[Signature obscured]
After 1/30/[?], was -
Philadelphia, Penna.
19152

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

The
NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
announces the appointment, as of 2 January, 1963,
of
MR. MICHAEL RICHARD FREEDMAN
as the sole representative of the Youth Council
for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
All correspondence relative to Unidentified Aerial
Objects (U.A.O.'s) may be forwarded by mail to
Mr. Freedman at the following address:
2237 Spruce Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 19152

"U SAF"
SAF - CIPC
WASHINGTON, D.C.
20330

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a typed UFO report document. 

Text from the document:

22 November 1962

Mr. H. R. Miller
2808 E. Boston, D.C., 20319

Dear Sir:

I am enclosing FID Form 14, the AIR FORCE INFORMATION. 

Contained in this questionnaire are details of a sighting which took place during the early evening of 9 October 1962. The original information was obtained on the day of the sighting.

The information contained on the enclosed Form 14, to the best of my knowledge, true and correct. I shall be happy to answer a request for any additional information to that effort.

It would be appreciated if I may be informed of analysis of this sighting.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire for the witness to fill out with details about their UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information you provide will be used for technical analysis and may result in further detailed investigation. We assure this personal information will be held in confidence and will not be used for any other purpose than further detailed study of the case, without your permission.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
6. Certain
22. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form, which includes a questionnaire with questions and multiple-choice answers related to the observation of an unidentified flying object.

Transcription of the text in the document:

9. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. More
c. Same
d. Less
e. Don't remember

9.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dim moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

10. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Haze
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

11. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11.1 IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

12. THE EDGE OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
f. Show Pulsation or flashing? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? Yes, it disappeared suddenly.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? No, it did not move behind anything.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes / No / Don't Know. If you answered YES,
17. Talk in a few words the following things about the object: a. Size - it was the size of a nickel held at arm's length b. Color - reddish orange, appeared to be glowing
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length to time and measure the object's apparent size. If you had performed this operation, please state the results.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. I asked a witness to draw a sketch of the object, but he refused.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image included in this document. The document appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or observation. 

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Circle One: No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Circle One: No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
Circle One: a. Inside a building b. Outside c. In an automobile (type) d. In an airplane (type) e. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? 
Circle One: a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 
25 Circle One: Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes b. Sun glasses Yes c. Telescope No d. Windshield Yes e. Window glass 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as that which you observed.

- page 8 -

The image contains a diagram or illustration related to a UFO sighting report. It appears to be a page from an old document or project blue book report. The diagram includes a sketch of a compass or direction indicator, as well as some instructions or questions for the observer to answer, such as indicating the direction of the observed object.

27. As the object moved across the sky, how high was the object above the horizon (altitude) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the diagram to show how high the object was above the horizon (altitude) when you first saw it. Place a "F" on the diagram to show how high the object was above the horizon (altitude) when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

The day following this sighting, I contacted U.S. Weather Bureau at International Airport, and the Franklin Institute Astronomy Dept. I was told they received no reports of any unusual celestial activity on the day of the sighting.

There was a bright glow hovering over the west part of the city. She was navigation light colored. Disappeared gradually.

The object appeared over, or just east of, the store at Ninth and Market Street.

The man was below the horizon at the time of the sighting. The object was hovering about 1,000 feet high, and moved either northeast or northwest at an approximate speed of 300 mph.

The object did not rise or fall out of sight.

Unfortunately, concerning the object, no details were obtained on the day of sighting.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an official file copy of a document related to a UFO case from Project Blue Book.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Upon reviewing the UFO case for 1963 we find that additional information is necessary for the evaluation of your sighting. Would you please answer the following questions:

1. How many objects, including a maneuver or the objects, could you tell us what the duration was for the objects in view?

2. If it is anytime did there appear to be two objects, particularly larger, changed direction?

3. How was the speed of 10-60 mph and the distance of 7 miles determined?

4. The drawing which you made to describe the objects shown, this drawing appears to be accurate?

5. What was the direction of the UFO and its position before, during and after the sighting?

This drawing is very similar to those previously received by this office from other persons who have reported seeing UFOs. We would appreciate the return of a self-addressed envelope for your convenience.

Sincerely,
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
CAPTAIN, USAF
Chief, Serial Phenomena
UFOB

- page 11 -

