The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card with various information fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 23 March 1963
2. LOCATION: Chevy Chase, Maryland
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 1930
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 3 seconds
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. COURSE: Move Down
8. SOURCE: Civilian
9. COMMENTS: Witness as contacted by Lt. Col and indicates that the object was a nine pieces.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with a map and textual information.

The text in the document is as follows:

The Path of the March 13ollde
UNITED STATES ARMY PHOTO 0-S33-OO8
A VERY BRIGHT circular was seen to appear in the sky over Cherwell, Virginia, on March 3, 1953. It was observed from several points in the Middle Atlantic states as it moved from Virginia northward through Maryland, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey, ending up in the Atlantic Ocean off the New Jersey coast. Eyewitnesses in West Virginia, Virginia, and North Carolina reported that the object was visible for over two hours as it traversed across the sky.
On the ground, the motion of the object was accompanied by a large whirlwind approximately 50 feet in diameter, which observers said moved rapidly across the ground. Photographs of this whirlwind were obtained.
The object was described as being very bright, and seemed to increase and decrease in brightness at intervals. At times it appeared to be surrounded by a glowing, fiery corona, like the sun when seen through a thin haze. It was reported to be larger than the full moon, but exact estimates of its size are not available. The object was observed in daylight, under clear sky conditions.
The incident was reported to the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia, which conducted an investigation. The conclusions of the Institute were that the object was an unidentified flying object, and that the whirlwind on the ground was associated with this object in some way.
The background into this incident can be divided into two parts: (1) the observation of the object itself, and (2) the ground phenomena associated with it.
1. The object was large, brilliant, and pronounced, and was observed by many eyewitnesses over a wide area of the Middle Atlantic States. At one point it is reported to have been visible simultaneously from points in West Virginia, Virginia, Maryland, and Pennsylvania. It is described as a glowing circular object, and at times it appeared to be surrounded by a fiery corona. The object moved in a northeasterly direction, at times increasing and decreasing in brightness. Its motion through the sky was not jerky or erratic, but smooth and continuous. Estimates of its size ranged from one to three times the diameter of the full moon.
2. The ground phenomena consisted of a large whirlwind approximately 50 feet in diameter, which moved rapidly across the terrain. Photographs of this whirlwind were obtained. The whirlwind was observed in close association with the passage of the object overhead.
Most observers did not estimate the height of the object above the ground. However, a few observers estimated that the object was at an altitude of approximately 2000 feet. The object was visible for over two hours as it traversed across the sky. It is believed that the object traveled a distance of approximately 275 miles, at an average speed of about 125 miles per hour.
The significance of this incident lies in the fact that it represents one of the relatively few cases where an unidentified flying object has been accompanied by an apparent ground disturbance in the form of a whirlwind. The object itself was observed by numerous reliable witnesses over a wide area, and the whirlwind was photographed. This incident thus constitutes an unusually well-documented case of a UFO sighting with associated ground phenomena.
The case is significant also in that the object was observed under daylight conditions, and for a relatively long period of time. Most UFO sightings are of short duration and occur at night. This case represents one of the few instances where an unidentified object of large size has been observed for an extended period in broad daylight.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing text and tabular data.

THE PATH OF THE MARCH ECLIPSE 
OBSERVED FROM GREENBELT, MARYLAND 
24 MARCH 1963
The path and azimuth of the moon's radiant is 
shown in the following tabulation. The tabulation 
covers the path and azimuth of the moon's radiant 
from 1:30 to 2:00 p.m. EST as observed from 
coordinates of the radiant. In this case 
the coordinates are Latitude 39 degrees 0 minutes 
North, Longitude 76 degrees 55 minutes West, 
which is a location in Greenbelt, Maryland. The 
moon was observed to be a crescent in the early 
afternoon, a member of the solar system before 
it entered the shadow.

Time of Observation: From 1:30 to 2:00 p.m. EST 24 March 1963
Location: Latitude 39-0 N, Longitude 76-55 W (Greenbelt,MD)
Altitude (h) : 45 degrees
Azimuth (a) : 177 degrees 
Time (EST) : 1:30 - 2:00
Elevation Angle: 45 degrees
Azimuth Angle: 177 degrees

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                        26 MARCH 1963
REPORT TO: US ARMY ORDNANCE MISSILE COMMAND
LONG ISLAND SOUND, NEW YORK

SKY AND TELESCOPE - JUNE 1963 ISSUE PAGE 343 HAS REQUEST FROM DR OLIVIER FOR DATA ON THIS METEOR REPORTED JUNE 1012 1962.

PITTSBURG POST-GAZETTE-3/27/63
MAR 26,1963-A METEOR WHICH GAVE A ROARING SKY SHOW OVER WHEELING, W.VA., SEEN BY HUNDREDS ON MARCH 25 WAS THOUGHT TO HAVE STRUCK IN THE OHIO RIVER NEAR WHEELING. WITNESSES AT STEUBENVILLE, O., TOLD OF SEEING IT BREAK UP WITH A BRILLIANT BLUISH-GREEN FLASH.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing text only.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

have been a meteor, was seen in many parts of Long Island on the night of March 25th. One witness described it as a "circular object that appeared like a fluorescent airplane light". A similar incident is reported to have been observed from New York City and vicinity. The object was also seen as far away as Norfolk, Virginia.

SIGHTSEEING SAUCER VISITS STATE OF LIBERTY. Many of the East Coast people have reported seeing a strange aerial object, which they describe as being similar to a saucer, over the State of Liberty. Some reports indicate that the object hovered over the Statue of Liberty and then shot away at a high rate of speed. Even though these reports have not been confirmed by official sources, they are being taken seriously by those who investigate unexplained aerial phenomena. The appearance of this object has been described by witnesses as bright and shiny, and it has been stated that it gave out a buzzing or humming sound as it passed overhead.

IN LAND. A CHERRY HILLhousewife.who has been in land, may have had a strange encounter on February 26th. The object was a oval-shaped body which appeared to be some 40' to 50' in diameter. It was first sighted at about 7:15 PM hovering over a wooded area. The object then moved rapidly at an estimated speed of some 600 to 800 mph and was observed for approximately a minute and a half. It was described as having a reddish-orange glow and there was a peculiar sound associated with the object as it slowly revolved.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

Fireball Over Eastern Seaboard

The night of March 22, 1963 produced a brilliant fireball at about 10:00 p.m. which was seen by thousands of observers as it passed over important cities along the Eastern seaboard of the U.S.

Coming from the north, the object passed over Allentown, Pa., Washington, D.C. and Philadelphia. It was also seen as far south as Norfolk, Va. and Roanoke, Va. Long flaming trails were observed behind the object.

The object was seen over Pottstown, Pa. and along Maryland's eastern shore. Most experts agreed, however, the object was a meteor. However, Mr. Christie Urvick, an electronics engineer for the Air Force at the Germantown RCA plant, felt that the object's trajectory was not correct for a meteor.

The object appeared white with a long tail of orange and green toward the latter part of its flight. Pieces appeared to break off from the main object, leaving sparks. The main object also emitted flashes of light which were very brilliant. Hunting parties were organized to search for the object as some witnesses felt it had fallen to earth. However, no trace of the object was found.

- page 6 -

