The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card with various fields filled out, including the date, location, type of observation, source, length of observation, number of objects, and a brief summary of the sighting. The text in the image has been clearly captured and displayed.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
2 August 1963
2. LOCATION
Morehead, Kentucky
3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 2000
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS
No
6. SOURCE
Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three
9. COURSE
Unknown
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Three objects attached to or flying within n/c a/c as well as another feature could be identified. Objects appeared to be as lights or shapes and estimated to be from 50 to 100 ft. from the a/c. One object trailing and the other objects one to part and one to starboard off wings. Single engine jet type a/c assumed to be military. Plane did not emit light.
11. COMMENTS
PAFR low level test route passes over this area heading NW on the final leg to WAFR. Possible test vehicle from this base. Objects attached to/or originated with the a/c, not separate from plane.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)
YES   NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2,500 to 3,000 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
YES   NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away was the object? MILE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. East   c. South   d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? MILES PER HOUR
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One)
YES   NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   YES   (NO)
b. Sun glasses   YES   (NO)
c. Windshield   YES   (NO)
d. Window glass   YES   (NO)
e. Binoculars   YES   (NO)
f. Telescope   YES   (NO)
g. Theodolite   YES   (NO)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph showing a compass and a sketch of an object's motion. There is no human face visible in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "P" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Mrs. Mary Morten, Mrs. G---- Morehead, Kentucky

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 3 _ 7 _

Day Month Year

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only text in the form of a questionnaire or report.

As per the OCR instructions, I will now reproduce the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  8  -  7  -  63

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

On the night of the sighting about 11:30 PM, I and my wife were awakened by a bright light coming through the bedroom window. Upon looking out, we could see a bright object in the sky which appeared to be oblong in shape and about the size of an automobile. It was hovering at about a 45 degree angle and was emitting a very bright light which illuminated the ground and the surrounding trees. The object moved slowly at first, then rapidly accelerated and disappeared. It was visible for approximately 2 to 3 minutes. The duration of the sighting and the rapid acceleration I believe to be points of particular interest.

- page 5 -

The image contains a route chart showing various routes flown and observed on certain days. The chart covers a large geographical area, including the eastern United States and surrounding regions. There are no human faces or identities present in this image.

ROUTES FLOWN VERIFIED ON TCP DAYS
a ROUTE CHART
Days a Week Used:
Average

Surrounding Cities
Target Cities:
Radar Sightings, Stills.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a letter addressed to "Mr. [Redacted]" regarding a sighting of an object on August 2, 1963 which was not confirmed as a test aircraft.

OCR output:

November 20, 1963

Dear Mr. [Redacted],

The sighting of August 2, 1963 which you reported to the Air Force has been evaluated as probably correct.

The information you passed over to the Air Force Base northwest of Morehead, Kentucky indicated that this was not a test aircraft. This has not been confirmed.

Your report passes over Air Force Base low-level test routes in that area north of Morehead, Kentucky. It is possible that this was a test vehicle from this base.

Thank you for reporting this sighting to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Office of Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [Redacted]
Morehead, Kentucky

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an air force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document is as follows:

Morehead, Ky.
August 2, 1963

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen,

After making a sighting of an unidentified flying object on 7/27/63, I have almost nightly observed the sky in an effort to again see the object which I could not ascertain. However, this evening at about 9:00 P.M. (EDT) while trimming the yard my attention was called to a jet aircraft which I had heard but had not looked up to see. 

It is the growing darkness I could not ascertain if the plane was military or civilian, but took for granted it was military because it was maneuverable because it was single engine. Behind the plane and off the starboard and port wingtips were three objects which seemed to match the speed of the jet. Being able to distinguish the wings and tail of the plane I estimated the objects to be from 50 to 100 feet from the plane. The aircraft and objects were not in view more than 20 seconds, but were visible the whole time before a hill obstructed the view. The plane and objects were traveling in a westerly direction.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

1.) a northwest direction. I am not qualified to judge altitude due to distance but the plane was not at extreme altitude because as I mentioned the wings and trail were clearly discernible. The objects did not give off light. The plane and objects were below the level of the sun which had set but which still lit up the horizon. My father ventured the objects might be atmospheric probes of some kind which were attached to the plane by rods which would not have been visible at that distance. Perhaps you will be able to solve the puzzle.

Yours truly,
XXXXXXXXXX
MOREHEAD, KY.
August 2, 1963

P.3. The report of the other sighting was forwarded to you on 7/27/63.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an envelope or cover page for a document related to the Aerial Phenomena Group at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio.

The text visible in the image is:

Morehead, Ky.
DE - 1
Aerial Phenomena Group
Aerospc. Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from the Foreign Technology Division of the United States Air Force, dated August 2, 1963, regarding a request for information on unidentified flying objects.

HEADQUARTERS 
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF SAP-OIPB
Washington 25 D.C.

REFERENCE the attached letter from _______, dated 2 Aug 63, requesting information on unidentified flying objects. The following information is submitted to assist you in reply to Mr. _______:

a. The sighting of 27 Jul is evaluated as an a/c observation. However, this sighting of a "circular, silver-colored object" has not been identified.

b. The initial impression given is that the trailing objects were either a part of a maneuvering operation of an aircraft or perhaps some unusual atmospheric phenomena over or near Morehead, Kentucky, and Mr. _______ was able to distinguish the wings and tail of the land object, this hypothesis would be ruled out.

c. It is suggested that a UF0 Form 14 be sent to Mr. _______ for completion.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM L. BOYD, Colonel, USAF

Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr dtd 2 Aug 63

- page 11 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from October 13, 1963, addressed to Mr. [redacted], from Maston M. Jacks of the Public Information Division of the Office of Information.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Mr. [redacted],

We were able to evaluate your sighting of July 9, 1963 as that of an aircraft. We are not able at this time to identify your observation of August 28, 1963 which is a form PTD-16. We would return it to this office for further investigation.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure:
Mr. [redacted], Morehead, Kentucky

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire regarding an unidentified object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. If your name is not to be used in connection with this report, please indicate that, and this request will be respected.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: 
Month:
Year:

2. Time of day:
Hour:
Minutes: 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): 1. Eastern
2. Central
3. Mountain
4. Pacific
5. Other:

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address:
City & Town:
State or Country:

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours:
Minutes:
Seconds:

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. DAY
b. Bright
c. Clear

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. Behind you
c. To your left
d. To your right
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD FORM OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is also obsolete.

- page 13 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or survey form with various questions about the observers' sightings of an unidentified object.

a. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Crescent moon
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds -
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid *
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Sharp, clearly outlined
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharpiy outlined*
d. Don't remember

e. Other: _______________________

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
Yes No Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flick?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 14 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO or unidentified object. The sketch shows an oval or disc-shaped object with no visible wings or appendages. There are no other photographs present in this document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? -- It is a little unclear, but the witness seems to indicate that the object did disappear while they were watching it, though the details of how it disappeared are not provided.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? -- Yes 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? -- Yes, according to the form.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound -- blank
b. Color -- light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and tell how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? -- The witness has provided a written response, but the details are unclear.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please end beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. -- The witness has provided a hand-drawn sketch as requested.

- page 15 -

