The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is an official document used to record and investigate UFO sightings.

The text that can be extracted from the document is as follows:

20 AUG 1953
Elko, Nevada
LOCAL Unidentified Object
LOCATION Elko, Nevada
Type of Observation GROUND OBSERVATION
Length of Observation ONE
PHOTOS
Length of Observation 3 MIN
Description of Sighting Object was a bright shiny, silvery, metallic appearing object which was saucer-shaped and was hovering and making a slight jerking motion over the Elko area. The object appeared to be about 20-25 feet in diameter. The object appeared to be very bright, shiny and metallic in nature. It seemed to be hovering and making a jerking motion, possibly up and down in a vertical manner. The object was first observed almost directly overhead, then appeared to maneuver to the north and disappear from view. The observation was made by two balloons. Object startles in appearance, General maneuver Hoveringg, Direction of Travel Northerly, Angle of Elevation 65 degrees, Relative Slze Medium, for Tracking observations.
CONCLUSIONS:
Was this a Balloon? 
Possibly Aircraft
Probably Military Aircraft
Definitely Aircraft
Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a typed report or document.

Transcription of the text:

20 August 1963
Elko, Nevada

Statement on celestial movement sighted from this station:
This reporter, on 20 August 1963, while taking a pilot balloon ascent, observed through the theodolite an object moving from north to south. As the object was brighter than the pilot balloon, it caused the theodolite operator to cease tracking the balloon and track the brighter object.
The angular movement of the theodolite twice led to be sure of no fluctuation in the object's course.
The object was in sight from one to two minutes, although it could have been followed for a much longer time but for the balloon tracking.
The time was between 0403 and 0406 PST; elevation angle 25 to 35 degrees, azimuth 213 to 238, from Elko airport.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document is an official communication from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and appears to be a transmittal letter.

Text extracted from the document:

AFP
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION 
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND
SPACE ADMINISTRATION
Transmittal D. C. 
Aug 27 
1963

- page 3 -

