The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains various information fields such as date, location, type of observation, source, length of observation, number of objects, course, and comments.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
5 - 6 AUG 63
2. LOCATION
Akron, OHIO
12. CONCLUSIONS
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
0230
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
[ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Visual
[ ] Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No
6. SOURCE
civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Less than 1 min (15 sec)
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
three (3)
9. COURSE
North
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Three objects together in flight from E to W, since sky and stars visible behind (between 0-5). Speed very fast. Faded in distance. Appeared only as big lights. Made right turn to west. At 0225 one obj. in flight from N to W. At 0230 a group of 3 objs disappeared over the horizon in the E after fit from the W. Never changed pos. size of coffee cups. Objs were clear and distinct. Took 1.5 min to cross sky.
11. COMMENTS
1. to 5. Conc. as to slzwn as in brief summary. Objs appeared like Jupiter in flight to east. Unable to get descriptions due to time of observation and because of rapid obj. motion. Descriptions are within the possibilities of known operating in the area.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document that includes a questionnaire regarding the sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be revealed in connection with any statement you make, and you will not be contacted unless it is deemed necessary, in which case we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day: 23:0 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? (Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or Country)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 minutes Seconds.
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Hazy b. NIGHT: Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. In back of you d. To your left

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or survey about observations of objects in the night sky.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Very pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Partly cloudy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or hazy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

a. As a light
b. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away?
c. Move slowly or steadily?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

S. N. - mechod
S. Storgon can - Cone Shaped
Appeared to be 15 ft. tall and
Stayed point to 45 minute.
Bright light in of power
Very fast spot. See change in direction
to extend 50 ft. Seem to be
strong engine as there was in
area.

Tuesday 5 Reg. 215 8784
Time 2 to 3 p.m. 
225 4th, 
1 mile N. w. w.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

7:30 7/27   George P. Stone, Akron, Ohio
Object about 5 meters in diameter, green light. Duration 1/2 minute.
Mrs. Evelyn G. Allane resident

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be an official file copy of a UFO sighting report.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDFH
UFO Sightings (Mr. ___)

HQ USAF SAF-OI 3b (Mrs. Wells)
Wash 25 DC

1. With regard to a telephone conversation with Mr. ___, further information concerning the sightings of early August is requested.

2. Copies of the AF Form 164 are attached to be completed and returned APD provided to be concerned. AF 349 envelopes are included in the packet.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC J. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form, likely related to a UFO sighting report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information they you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any answers you give, unless this is deemed necessary. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: Hour: - - Minutes: - - (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Daylight Saving d. Standard e. Mountain f. Pacific g. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: City or Town: State or County:
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: - - Minutes: - - Seconds: - -
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes - No -
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day b. Night c. Bright d. Hazy e. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. More
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Hazy or partly obscured
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke or other exhaust? YES NO Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
f. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and fields for the observer to fill out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes / Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes / No / Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size - Hold a match stick or coin's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire or report form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes  No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes  No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. An airplanes (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _________________

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield   Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No
e. Theodolite  Yes  No
f. Other ________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a complete description of the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a sketch diagram and text. The diagram appears to be a visual aid related to observing objects in the sky, with instructions on how to describe the motion and orientation of observed objects.

TRANSCRIPTION:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and an "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the image is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[Redacted information]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE [Redacted] SEX [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be relevant.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day [Redacted] Month [Redacted] Year [Redacted]

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document, likely a UFO report, with a blank space where a photograph could have been placed.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:          
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 13 -

