There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book record card.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

1. DATE 22 Sep 63
2. LOCATION Vernon, Texas
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION A Ground-Visual
6. DURATION 1 minute
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 1 minute
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Witness observed either a rocket or meteor trail from the southeast, apparently coming from the southwest to the northeast. Trail lasted for 5-6 seconds. Object lost sight of after trail disappeared. Witness first thought it might be a meteor but on comparing size and rate of travel to objects seen previously, said it was larger than Jupiter. Object did not show any shower of particles and just went out.
11. COMMENTS Check with DRAGNET revealed that there was no aircraft or missile in this area at the time.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document describing an apparent UFO sighting.

National Space Agency:
Washington D.C.

Dear Sirs:

On the night of Sept 23, 1963 at 10:25 P.M. C.S.T. 6 miles east of Vernon, Texas, we observed a strange object over our ranch. The object seemed to be hovering 300-500 feet above the ground for over 7-8 minutes. At first it appeared to be similar to a landing craft but with a somewhat larger size.

This flashing object seemed to have a red light which was quite bright and blinked on and off. It gave the impression of an object rotating on its vertical axis. It made no sound that we could hear from our position. The object then took off toward the northeast at a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight in a matter of just a few seconds.

Please note this information for your records.
Sincerely,

(Redacted name)

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with diagrams and text.

Paragraph at the beginning:
"Paragraph at which please find the object which, up into a maximum of which grasped, suddenly amount not, which turned, apparently toward etc."

Diagram:
"Erratic path - Path of object - Break up - Ground - Search"

Concluding paragraph:
"This as I noticed apparently in a haste function light. I had it soon after said. I thought it was but it turned into an explanation and it could more, "more than said" could be, to say it with."

- page 3 -

The image shows a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, likely representing a UFO sighting. The sketch consists of a series of dark, elongated lines or marks that appear to depict some kind of aerial object. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

A meteorological observation of a problem, as a probable causal to the phenomenon has been made by me. After 9 hours
I have been observing.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a photocopy or scan of a Department of the Air Force memorandum dated 1 Oct 63, from the Office of the Under Secretary. The memorandum is addressed to "FTD" and states "For Information upon which to base a reply." The document is signed by Helen Gaisor.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY
MEMORANDUM
1 Oct 63

FTD
For Information upon which 
to base a reply.

Helen Gaisor

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

HEADQUARTERS 
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DTX-6

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Maj W. J. SAPOT 3b (Mrs Galser)
WASH 25 D.C.

1. Reference the attached letter from this headquarters requesting information on unidentified flying objects. This letter is forwarded in accordance with current regulations.

2. The sighting referred to by you, we are in all probability cannot be considered as having anything to do with unidentified flying objects. The characteristics described appear to be of a meteor or other distant light deviating from its normal course. This characterization of a meteor with the delay for the time specified in his letter. The disturbances described are generally those of a meteor with the exception of the duration.

a. Longer duration, up to as much as 4 minutes.
b. The direction of a reentry is to the SE or SE.
c. Colors associated with the breaking up usually lends towards reds and oranges.

3. We wish to express our gratitude to you for this report. Observations of this nature are of particular value in attempting to identify and/or locate satellite devices.

FOR THE COMMANDER

/s/ J. A. Hynek
Deputy for Technology
23 Sep 63

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

October 9, 1963

Dear Mr. [Redacted],

This is in response to your letter of September 23rd in which you reported sighting an unusual aerial phenomena on September 22nd in the Vernon, Texas area.

What you saw was, in all probability, the unusual contrails of an aircraft. A closer look at the reported characteristics of the object - its high altitude, speed, and duration - clearly suggest an aircraft of conventional origin. There was no tangible evidence reported that would indicate this was anything other than a man-made aerial vehicle. 

We want to express our gratitude for your report - this is the kind of information we value in analyzing and evaluating reports of unidentified aerial phenomena. The details you provided are helpful in distinguishing natural or explainable occurrences from those which may warrant further investigation. 

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Redacted]
Hereford, New Mexico

- page 7 -

