The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card that provides information about an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

Project 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 11 March 1963
2. LOCATION: Pacific Islands & area
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 1305402
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar Sighted - Received Visual
5. DURATION: 5-6 minutes
6. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S):
   Object glowing light from west to east. Object in Hawaiian Islands estimated altitude 20,000 ft. Object on northeast trail observed by lighted than that from jet.
7. COURSE: OW9
8. ALTITUDE: Civilian & military
9. SPEED: Unknown
10. MANEUVERS: Constant of motion
11. COMMENTS: Reported by contact with USAF Officer in telephone conversation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scan of a page from a declassified UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MYSTERIOUS FLYING OBJECT ZOOMS OVER HAWAIIAN ISLES
HONOLULU, Mar. 13 (UPI) - An unidentified flying object was seen over a large section of the Hawaiian islands last night, newspapers and radio stations were flooded with calls.
Capt. Paul Steucke of the Honolulu Sector Command of the National Guard said the object was possibly a rocket or some sort of space object flying at a predetermined course. He said the object was first thought to be a jet at a very high altitude, but then noticed that it left a vapor trail.
HAWAII - March 11, 1963 - The sighting of an unidentified object over the Hawaiian islands is still being investigated by the State Adjutant General's office. Residents of the islands, including tourists, still have not forgotten the incident of February 28 when a UFO was sighted over the Barbers Point area near Honolulu. The object, estimated to be several hundred feet in length, was observed by literally thousands of witnesses, including a number of National Guard pilots who were aloft at the time on a routine training mission. The object appeared to be a bright, reddish-colored, elliptical-shaped craft, and it maneuvered at an extremely high rate of speed.
On March 12th, a high rate of speed was again reported by hundreds of witnesses as the UFO travelled over the Hawaiian islands. National Guard pilots said they had visual contact with the object and that it was far exceeding the speed of any jet aircraft. Newspapers and radio stations were flooded with calls.

- page 2 -

This page does not contain any photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

Crescent Over Hawaii

On the night of March 11, 1963, a crescent-shaped object passed over the area north of the island of Kauai in the Hawaiian Islands. It was traveling at a very high altitude and was very bright and some observers said it left a trail of fire and appeared to fall into the sea.

Two Hawaii Air National Guard pilots, while flying at 40,000 feet, saw the object and Capt. Jon Parish said he felt the object was some type of rocket or space object flying at a tremendous speed. The object appeared to be very small, like a missile flying at a very high altitude.

Ground observers and military officials said hundreds of other people saw the object and military officials would provide no explanation.

- page 3 -

