The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
25 June 1963
2. LOCATION 
New Carlisle, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2350 25/06/1963 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
25 Ground-Radar
5. SOURCE
CIV-3338
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 min
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
8. COURSE
NE
9. COMMENTS
Object appearing as a bright star in the sky. It disappeared twice, turned right, and disappeared twice again. Made to turn right-hand character istic of aircraft. No normal explanation. Nothing to indicate that this was other than normal a/c observation.
10. CONCLUSIONS
O Was balloon
X Was aircraft
X Was astronomical
X Was satellite
O Was insufficient data for evaluation

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as short, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: Hours Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? City or Town State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Estimated b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Clear b. Cloudy c. Hazy a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTD FORM JUL 5 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, Par 80, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey form with various questions about the witness's observations of the object.

9. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? - No

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)  
a. Appear to stand still at any time? - Yes/No  
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? - Yes/No  
c. Break up into parts or explode? - Yes/No  
d. Give off smoke? - Yes/No  
e. Give off sparks? - Yes/No  
f. Change shape? - Yes/No  
g. Flash or flicker? - Yes/No  
h. Disappear and reappear? - Yes/No

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes/No/Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes/No/Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No for each)
a. Eyeglasses - Yes/No
b. Sun glasses - Yes/No  
c. Windshield - Yes/No
d. Window glass - Yes/No
e. Binoculars - Yes/No
f. Telescope - Yes/No
g. Thnodolite - Yes/No
h. Other - Yes/No

- page 3 -

There is no photograph included in this image. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated reported UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound  N/A  
    b. Color  WHITE

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can remember, such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially show the direction in which they were traveling.
N/A

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined 
                 d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? N/A
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a form with questions related to a UFO observation.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "Y" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form with questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other.

26. Were you (Circle One): a. At the center of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open country side?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?.

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest.
28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes, No.

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest, i. Overhead.

30. When direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest.

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North ___ degrees, b. From horizon ___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North ___ degrees, b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 6 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch depicts a curved line with the instructions to "Place an 'A' on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a 'B' on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it." The second sketch contains two smaller sketches. The larger one shows a landscape with a person standing on a road, and the smaller one shows a mountainous landscape.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing questions and textual responses.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Blank

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Redacted

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Blank

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
JUNK

- page 8 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). 

The text in the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what distance would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street City Zone State 
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
Age: 17 Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: AT 5:15 PM JUNE 23 NORTH OF ST. PARIS

- page 9 -

