The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings as part of the Project Blue Book investigation.

The text in the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 15 AUGUST 1963
2. LOCATION: Cleveland, Ohio
3. PATIENTS COORDINATE: 41 30 20 N; 81 30 38 W
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 5 MINS.
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 MINS.
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Observer outside cleaning yard. Rain came and she went inside, After rain stopped she came outside to find son playing with object. At no time was object observed to have fallen.
CONCLUSIONS:
Object turned over to ASD for analysis: Determined to be anti-crystals.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing text.

Cleveland Ufology Project
October 27, 1963

The object of this report is to place on the record the facts concerning an article that appeared in the morning paper. The article is a decision with the report made of this incident, which occurred on the night of August 12, 1963. As I was in the city where I live, this is the true account.

The actual witness is telephone
The witness told Mrs. and was told her neighbor was then called for friend at the Plain Dealer. Her friend's name is and a photo-rapher went to the house. Mrs. said it (time took) some time like was. Mr. called the F.A.A. from Mrs. house. The F.A.A. said Mrs. that if it was not a part of the Air Force they were then interested. Mr. and then had a picture taken of the boy and the rock. This rock-fall August 12.

I learned there August 14, at about 5:40 P.M., Mr. and Mrs. were both home. They proceeded to tell me the story. I asked Mrs. what time the rock fall, thinking it must have fallen at night. She said, "It fell between 4:10 and 4:30 P.M." It was on August 12, 1963, during a heavy shower. I them asked how do you know for sure. She said before the rains came she was cleaning the yard, picking all the children's toys up. She

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document.

Continued
Said "I must have passed that place twenty times". It started at first thirty at first. From is suppose, came over, I as about twenty minutes to five. He found the rock. He was playing with it when his mother questioned him about it. He told his mother that he found it over there, pointing to the place where it fell.

The ground appeared as if something had fallen. There was an indication of about 1/2 high and the size of the rock. This is also fact because Mrs. **** took the rock from **** and put it into the whole sitting it perfectly.

Well there's it. The whole story, all but one thing. So far there has not been a complete analysis of the object. I have given pieces to two different sources. Both failed to make mention or contact me about it.

Allen Jr. Manak

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the American UFO Committee addressed to Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Director of the Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University, dated November 29, 1963.

AMERICAN UFO COMMITTEE
29 November, 1963

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, director
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Ill.

Dear Dr. Hynek:

I have enclosed, as you requested, a full report of our meeting last month. A full discussion of the sighting was had, and I feel that you would be interested in the information we have discovered regarding this case.

Mr. agreed and myself, along with Dr. Ur, of the American Astronomical Society, were granted an interview with a membership of about 1,000. We plan to concentrate on "Fighting Flying Saucer" literature, and I shall be reporting to you on our progress.

Mr. Gregory told me to tell you that he has ordered a copy of the NICAP report on this incident. As you no doubt know by now, it is a matter of great public interest, and there have been many requests for information on Congress, as we know you are aware is how matters now stand.

If you have any questions on this incident please let me know. Thanking you for your interest, I am,

Sincerely yours,

The text in the image is the full content of the letter, with no redactions or missing information.

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only a typed evaluation report. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract all the text from the document:

AERONAUTICAL SYSTEMS DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO
MATERIALS PHYSICS DIV
AIR MATERIEL

EVALUATION REPORT
IDENTIFICATION OF ROCK OBJECT
REPORT NO: My 63-37
PROJECT NO: G-661-02
SUBMITTED BY: FTD
556. Moody
I. PURPOSE:
To conduct spectographic and X-ray diffraction analyses to determine the chemical composition of (1) A crystalline compound.
II. FACTUAL DATA:
1. The crystalline compound and the round object were submitted for analysis.
2. X-ray diffraction identified the crystalline compound as sodium chloride.
3. A sample was taken from the three different areas of the round object. Emission spectrographic analyses on these samples determined the composition to be magnesium and aluminum.
A. Emission Analysis:
(1) Estimated Percentage
Outside Next Layer Inside
Silicon 2 2 -
Magnesium .05 .05 1.0
Aluminum .01 .01 .8
Iron 50 50 2.1
Calcium .01 .21 60.91
(2) All values are ± 20 per cent of reported value.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten note that reads "ARTIFACT #341-21-485 located in Outfit Room".

ARTIFACT #341-21-485 
located in Outfit Room

- page 6 -

