The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card that documents a sighting of an unidentified object. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 15 JULY 1963
2. LOCATION: EAST ORANGE, NEW JERSEY
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2215Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. DURATION: 10 MINUTES
6. PHOTOS: 0 YES
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 MINUTES
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
9. COURSE: SSW
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: LIGHT ABOUT SIZE OF SIGHTED AND DISAPPEARED FROM RADAR SCREEN. INITIAL OBSERVATION IN WEST. BELIEVED TO BE SATELLITE BY OBSERVER.
11. CONCLUSIONS: DECO would be visible low on horizon. ECHO observation possible.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Text Output:
25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country-side? 1/2 mile east
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other
27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Driving it was spotted coming up out of the town area and it was following alongside car for some distance towards east, it passed over car and accelerated out of view. 
28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ____
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
Yes
No
29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead
30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead
31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (true east) and also the number of degrees it was elevated from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North_____degrees.
b. From horizon_______degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North______degrees.
b. From horizon______degrees.

- page 2 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an object above the horizon, and instructions to imagine the object was sighted above the horizon. The second and third sketches show landscape scenes with a person in the foreground.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and fields to be filled out.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds 
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day: AT TIME OF SEEING PARENTS
Month: YEAR: 1963

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One): YES NO

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): YES NO

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: 
CHILD GEORGE R. HOY 1.6 FAIRVIEW AVE EAST ORANGE N.J.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One): YES NO 

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
DURING POST WAR YEARS.. ALSO SIGHTED SIMILAR OBJECTS AT VARIOUS PLACES IN NEW JERSEY UNDER DIFFERENT WEATHER CONDITIONS AT DIFFERENT TIMES

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
IT WAS A METALLIC DISC SILVER IN COLOR. APPARENT TO SOMEL CLOSE INSPECTION A LOW FLYING CRAFT OR OBJECT, IT DID NOT APPEAR TO MAKE ANY NOISE, ODOR OR TRAIL OF ANY KIND. I CANNOT ATTRIBUTE IT TO ANY MAN MADE DEVICE I HAVE SEEN OR HEARD OF..

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (X) No ( )
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes (X) No ( )
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: 62 Sex: M/F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
See much time elapsed is great concern according.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 August 1963

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Force Technical Information Sheet.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to give a brief description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the statement, and add any further comments.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: 17 AUG 1963

It has always been one of my privileges and pleasures to watch the skies especially after dark - in fact, I have been up at times as late as 4 o'clock just to see if I might see some of the sights predicted by our daily news-papers and by those I have observed many things not seen by others. One evening I observed this satellite the western sky at about 9:40 and I watched it until it disappeared in the north eastern sky about 2 hours later. I noticed the same performance and again at about 12 - it appeared a few minutes later on each orbit. This occurred with some regularity for more than a week - I called the attention of some of my neighbors to this. while particular light, this satellite performed as usual until it went over the top of the building, at which time we went out until the front or the building to continue our observation. Instead of continuing in it's usual path, it began turning toward the south.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

and it continued in that direction until it was out of sight.
and then one morning I heard some radio announcer 
say that contact had been lost. 
One morning this week 
I heard an announcer say that contact had been re-established - if this weather (as proper) is proper, I will again be watching for the performance.
At this place we live on the 5th floor from which we
can observe a vast expanse of sky and when it is on the
horizon on the street levels I can watch the entire western
sky for this area and also much of the sky overhead.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a typed letter on Air Force letterhead. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Maj USAF BG-3b (Mrs Gaiser)
WASH 25 D C

1. We have received an unidentified flying object report from
Mr. XXXXX of East Orange, New Jersey.
The observation was similar to the satellite ECHO.

2. Mr. XXXX has requested that an ECHO schedule for his
area be forwarded to him. We are attaching a schedule for
Newark, New Jersey, for 1 - 7 Oct 63.

FOR THE COMMANDER

/s/ J. L. OSBORNE, Lt Col, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Systems

- page 8 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It appears to be a schedule or table of some kind, with information about observations made in Newark, New Jersey on dates between 6 Oct 63 and 7 Oct 63.

ECHO Schedule for Newark, New Jersey 
6 Oct 63 - 7 Oct 63
at 05.53 PM EST .: South of City - 50 degrees above horizon moving SE
at 07.23 PM EST .: South of City - 55 degrees above horizon moving SW 
at 07.30 PM EST .: South of City - 52 degrees above horizon moving SW
at 08.41 PM EST .: South of City - 36 degrees above horizon moving SE

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated October 4, 1963.

The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Mr. L:

An investigation of the information contained in the report of a sighting on 15 July 1963 which you submitted to the United States Air Force indicates that the satellite ECHO.

For your information we are attaching an ECHO schedule for your area for the period October 4 - 13, 1963.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosure:
Mr. L
East Orange, New Jersey

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document containing text related to a UFO sighting report.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

"BYE in the SKY"

East Orange, New Jersey.
07 0 CLs.

National Aero Space Administration,
Washington, D. C. 

Gentlemen -

For the past several weeks I have been able to locate 
and observe a satellite that passes directly over my 
home at about 9:50 p.m. every evening and at 12 or 
a few minutes earlier it passes over but much further 
south. I have been told that this is Sature VI but 
I can get no definite information as to it's distance 
out in space or as to what it's functions are. 
Will you please send to me, whatever information there 
is that I may use in my discussions and explanations
or advise me as to where and when I may get the desired
informaction.
I have been in touch with both Murray
Hill and the New York Office of the Bell Groupe and 
just this morning I was advised to write to you.
Thanking you in advance for any information that you
can give me, I am

Sincerely yours,
EAST ORANGE, NEW JERSEY

P. S. My apartment here on the  is an ideal
spot for observations because there is no 
obstruction, other than the mountains and
actually the sky is my limit.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed text within a Project Blue Book document.

Have a Hobby - Be Wealthy!
One of our finest wealths is to be wealthy in friends - a wealth of knowledge to be shared with each other. Understanding and patience and many other wealths.
Hobbies, strange collecting, cover collecting and many other hobbies gives us the worthwhile wealths of life - friendships, contentment. Indescribable pleasures.
In our town we see so called successful men, perhaps with plenty of worldly goods but they have never learned to get away from the routine of business, because they have missed the pleasures of a hobby.
All of a sudden they are retired - their old business associates and cronies give them dinner presents them with a plaque as a tribute of their affection - they wish them well.
All of once they are on their own - the golden years of retirement are here - with plenty of time and no way to use it - they have missed the boat, so to speak.
So I say "Have a Hobby! - Be Wealthy!"

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is an article from the East Orange Record newspaper, with the headline "Postmark Collector Says Towns Have Odd Names".

East Orange Record
EAST ORANGE, N.J., THURSDAY, JULY 1, 1954
Postmark Collector Says Towns Have Odd Names
No 'Blue Mondays' For E. C. Schallis
"I've been to Fish House, N. J.," says E. C. Schallis, "Have you? Well, there isn't any Fish House, N. J. And how about Holland, Mich., and Vienna, Va.? They really exist, you know, but they are strange names for towns, don't you think?"
Schallis makes a hobby of collecting old postage stamps and postmarks, and he has found many strange names in his collection. As postmaster for the Commercial Trust Company in East Orange, N. J., he is added to his collection. As postmark collector, Schallis says the most interesting features of his hobby are the quaint and often unheard-of names of cities and towns which appear on the old postmarks.
"There are strange names which seem to have no point of origin, but also the slangy, colloquial names which were used by local folks," says Schallis. "The postmark collector, in fact, gets a glimpse of the history of our country in an unusual way. Names give you an insight into the thinking of a bygone day. It is surprising how many odd and comical names there are in the United States-and Canada, too. Using the United States Post Office Guide, I find I have more than 1000 examples of unusual town names."
Schallis mentions some other odd monikers he has found, such as "Noodle, N. D.," "Ding Dong, Tex.," "Bucksnort, Tenn.," and "Toad Suck, Ark." He says these peculiar designations, along with the many Indian names, are largely a result of the rapid growth of the country in the early 1900's. "Many towns were named after the first postmaster or some prominent citizen," he explains, "and some were named for a nearby physical feature, such as a hill or river or other landmark."
Schallis himself collects East Orange postmarks dating back to the 1880's. He has found more than 1200 different postmarks from East Orange alone, some of them extremely rare. "We handle a large volume of mail at the East Orange post office," he says, "and it is possible for me to obtain all kinds of interesting oddities."
One of Schallis' favorite stories in connection with his hobby concerns a small girl who had heard him mention his interest in unusual town names. "This little girl," says Schallis, "got so interested in my hobby that she wrote to the postmaster in every single state asking for postmarks from towns with the most peculiar and odd names she could find. Within a few weeks, the mail began pouring in-and such names! I received postmarks from towns with names like 'Monkey's Eyebrow, Ky.,' 'Okay, Okla.,' and 'No Name, Colo.'
"The little girl was so enthusiastic and her letters so charming that I felt I had to write and thank her. I told her that her collection of unusual names was much more interesting than mine, and that she should keep up the good work. Later I received a letter from her mother saying the little girl was so pleased with my response that she had decided to make collecting unusual town names her full-time hobby."
Schallis says the most valuable item in his collection is a postmark from the town of "Blank, Md." "This is really a rare one," he explains, "because the town of Blank, Md., has never existed. The postmark was used for a time by the post office department to cancel mail that did not have a town name on it.
"But," adds Schallis, "the oddest item I have is a postmark from the town of 'Peculiar, Mo.' Who would want to live in a town called 'Peculiar'? But there it is, on an old postmark, as real as you please!"

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with text from the Department of the Air Force, including a memorandum dated August 12, 1963 addressed to an individual in East Orange, New Jersey. The memorandum states that the Air Force is unable to determine the cause of the recipient's recent aerial sightings, and suggests they provide more detailed information by completing the attached form.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
MEMORANDUM
August 12, 1963
Dear Mr. *****,
The Air Force is unable to determine the cause of your recent aerial sightings. I suggest you provide more detailed information by completing the attached form. A pre-addressed envelope is attached for your convenience.
Sincerely,
MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information
Office of Information
fwd'd to PID for basis for reply.
29 July 63
Summary: Sightings every evening over his home at 9:15 and 12 or a few minutes earlier it passes but much further south. "Taurus VI but can get no definite info."

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that have been observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in any reports without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
3 July 1963

2. Time of day: 
2:45 Hour A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): Eastern Central Mountain Pacific Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
NEWURK PATROL AIRPORT NEWURK NEW JERSEY

5. How long was object in sight?
10 Hours 0 Minutes 0 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
PARAG1NIST'OWATCH

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: Bright Hazy Cloudy
NIGHT: Clear Hazy Cloudy

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember  
9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember
10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? YES
11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES, c. Break up into parts or explode? YES, d. Give off smoke? YES, e. Change brightness? YES INCREASE TO DISTANCE, f. Change color? YES, g. Disappear and reappear? YES
12. Did the object move behind something or anything, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES, If you answered YES, then tell what: IN MOVED BEHIND
13. Did the object move in front of something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES, If you answered YES, then tell what: IN FRONT OF 
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't know
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: a. Eyeglasses YES, b. Sun glasses YES, c. Binoculars YES, d. Telescope YES, e. Windshield YES, f. Window glass YES, g. Other NO

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a form or questionnaire from a UFO report document.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Moving
b. Color: Brilliant - light white - fast light bright

17. Drawing a picture would show the shape of the object or objects. This space is left blank, indicating no sketch was provided.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
This section is left blank, indicating that the witness did not report seeing multiple objects.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

Text output:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

We wish to know the angular size. Held a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

Disappeared over the horizon.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Starts and blinks.

- page 18 -

