There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 23 sep 53
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2350
5. DURATION: 15 mins
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 mins
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Lights o h 1.8 to 2 spread from East to West at high speed from 30 miles cause () up to West 30 miles cause disappearance. It appeared in sky like Jupiter. Installs than Jupiter. This object was also observed by others. Also observed through 10x80 mm.
13. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon, Possible Aircraft, Possible Aircraft, Possible Aircraft, Probable Aircraft, Possible Astronomical.
COMMENTS: Nothing to indicate that this was not as a/c sighting. Clarification of observation between observers was difficult. Objects were retrograde motion or 30 min period.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a historical United States Air Force unit that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

United States Air Force
U. S. O. OFFICE
Department of Defense
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Sirs:

It has been suggested that I write to you about my observations of an unusual satellite.

On Monday, September 23, 1963, between 9:50 and 9:55 P.M., E.D.T. I observed a bright object travelling from east to west at a high speed (i.e., high for such an object). This object was brilliantly lighted and made a very definite impression on me. When it was where it would next appear and I walked to the shore of the nearby lake where a clear view was obtainable. The object appeared to be roughly triangular in shape and was brilliantly lighted. It was apparently the same object in speed, path and brightness (it was the brightest object I can remember ever having observed).

This station was Marble for a radio station was heard before the object appeared and after it had passed from view. This assocaion was Eaglesmere, Pa. in north central Pennsylvania, a summer resort area. This object was also witnessed by my wife the first time and by a friend the third time there is no question in my mind as to what was observed. I am quite familiar with both satellites and aircraft and this object had none of the characteristics of either. It was an ex-pilot and had nine years in the Air Force, departtent of defense and I examined (apparently critical) was between 25 and 30 minutes.

But she path and the apparent speed of this object area, may lead you to some conclusions. Theis you may wish to investigate this matter further. I shall be glad to furnish any additional information which I can.

Sincerely,

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REQUEST FOR UFO INFORMATION

TO: US USAF-OL 33 (MRS GAISER)
ATTN: 1ST LT GAISER

1. Reference the attached letter from Mr Noel H. Heuston concerning sightings of unidentified flying objects. Please handle this matter to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2. Since it is not possible to determine who the writer is, please handle this as a routine classified case.

3. Since his letter contained all essential information, it is not necessary that Mr Heuston be sent an FID form 164.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a letter written on an official document.

October 10, 1963

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

This is in response to your letter of September 30, 1963 related to your observations of an unusual object sighted on September 9, 1963.

Our Foreign Technology Division has investigated your report. Based on the data you believe you observed, it is not possible to evaluate the object with certainty. Your indications are that the object was not an aircraft. We are attempting to pinpoint its closest position to where we can pinpoint the sighting as near a place of reference. This is moving southeasterly from a point north of the city, 67 degrees above the horizon.

Thank you for reporting this observation to us. We are sorry that we cannot enlighten you further.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Office of Information
Office of Information

Baltimore 23, Maryland

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with a grid-like pattern in the background. There is no text or other visible content on this page.

data/scanned/1960s_scanned/1963-09-9734433-EaglesMere-Penn.pdf5.txt

- page 5 -

