The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a record card containing details about a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 20 July 1963
2. LOCATION: Fairborn, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 20/17032
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
8. COURSE: 55
9. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Was Airfraft
Probably Aircraft 
Was Astronomical 
Probably Astronomical
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to document observations and details related to UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may include more information that you already given in the supplemental material, and add any further comments, suggestions, or clarifications in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same file paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (Please Print)

SIGNATURE: 

DATE: JULY 8, 1963 

I feel silly reporting this but I have never seen anything like it in my life and I can't explain it. The wife & son also observed this object. It appeared to hover, then suddenly dart upward at a very fast speed. The report stated that it was "early warning" or "intelligence" type activity. When I alerted a friend across the way, we both observed the object (1720) after it had hovered for about 3-5 minutes. It then moved away rapidly toward the east. We continued our phone conversation as long as we were able to observe the object, which was about 1935. 
The size and movement of this object was about the same as the echo and movement of the moon or sun that we see in daylight. We cannot explain the purpose or reason for this activity.

Capt. VCNP PID DD

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object? 20 July 1963
2. Time of day: 12:25 a.m. minutes 25
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Fairborn, Ohio
Additional remarks: Air Force Base & Country
5. How long was object in sight? 6-3 seconds
5-1. How was time in sight determined? certain
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: b. Bright c. Cloudy b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Can't remember
FTD JUL 61 164 this form supersedes ATc 102, FEB 59, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and checkboxes related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):  a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember
9. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember
10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know
11b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes, No, Don't Know
11c. Break up or explode? Yes, No, Don't Know
11d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't Know
11e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't Know
11f. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't Know
11g. Dash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't Know
11h. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't Know
12. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes, No, Don't Know
13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes, No, Don't Know
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Glasses, b. Sunglasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a hand-drawn sketch of an object moving from west to east. The text in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  _____
b. Color  white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Please also draw an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Two or more. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "Y" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
NW to SE orbited path about 5000'
approx 70' above night to 80-90' above horizon

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Medium

22. We wish to know the size, color, and shape of the object, and more, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment with a match at the time the object was sighted, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Unknown

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Could not see in front 5 sec

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object.
Nickle

Text extracted from the image:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "Y" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
NW to SE orbited path about 5000'
approx 70' above night to 80-90' above horizon

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Medium

22. We wish to know the size, color, and shape of the object, and more, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment with a match at the time the object was sighted, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Unknown

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Could not see in front 5 sec

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object.
Nickle

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
(Asking about the past. Saw an unknown object or light)

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 In what direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Overhead

31. If you can estimate the angular size (diameter) of the object, try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it disappeared from the horizon (downward).
31.1 Where it first appeared: 
a. From true North _______degrees.
b. From horizon _______degrees.  

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______degrees.
b. From horizon _______degrees.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather illustrations and sketches. The first illustration shows a curved line with the object's elevation angle, while the second illustration shows two larger sketches depicting the object's position and appearance from different perspectives.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it.

80-90°

70°

33. In the following larger sketch, place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)        WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky                a. Dry
b. Hazy                    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds         c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds    d. Snow
                            e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Yr 62 Month 8 Day 29
Who you reported to
Fairborn

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Name
Street Address
City, State

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
My idea?

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form that someone has filled out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes (Circle One)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes (Circle One)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: Fairborn, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: [Redacted] Sex: Male Rank: [Redacted] USAF
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 Jul 63

- page 10 -

