There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains textual information about a UFO sighting incident.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 13 JULY 1963
2. LOCATION: MCLEAN, VIRGINIA
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: GROUND-VISUAL
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 40 SECONDS
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not reported
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object observed split into two portions. Apparently it a flight and solid objects. Object split and flew apart. Half rising and the other half falling. Stationary at time of sighting.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Possible Balloon
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Astronomical
Possibly Hoax
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible on any unexplained aerial phenomena they may have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be connected with any statement made unless you specify otherwise. It is our hope that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
Hour Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Accurately timed b. Fairly certain c. Rough estimate d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Overcast, heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. As a light
b. Solid
c. Transparent
d. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same 
c. Don't know

11.1 Compares brightness to some common objects: 
(Blank)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know 
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten responses to various questions.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? LOOKING STILL IT
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? YES IT MOVED BEHIND SOMETHING THAT COULD HAVE BEEN A CLOUD
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? NO (CIRCLE ONE)
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound LIKE A BIRD, b. Color GRAYISH WHITE
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? ABOUT 1/4 TO 1/2 INCH

As per the request, here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? LOOKING STILL IT
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? YES IT MOVED BEHIND SOMETHING THAT COULD HAVE BEEN A CLOUD 
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? NO (CIRCLE ONE)
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound LIKE A BIRD, b. Color GRAYISH WHITE
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? ABOUT 1/4 TO 1/2 INCH
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically indicate results or wings trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. [Drawing of a UFO-like object]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page consists of a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting and details of the observed object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
23. Were you (Circle One):

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes (NO)
b. Sun glasses Yes (NO)
c. Windshield Yes (NO)
d. Window glass Yes (NO)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and text. The diagram shows a compass rose and instructions for observing an object's motion and direction. The text describes the instructions and asks the observer to draw a picture showing the motion and direction of the object(s).

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are looking at an object (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show the highest the object (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The text produced by the OCR system is:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are looking at an object (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show the highest the object (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
        YES NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
        YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 11
SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
OCT '63 TO LOCAL POLICE

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements other than the text in the document. I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire as a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object was in the sky. It was just going down. The sun was just going down. There was a green light on it. It seemed to be a copper-colored object. It was just going across the sky. I didn't get to see it very long as it went out of sight very quickly.

- page 8 -

