The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document observations of unidentified flying objects.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 3 April 1963
2. LOCATION: Joliet, Illinois
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 6 Ground-radar
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes- 
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Seven
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Several objects were picked up on the radar and observed for about 20 minutes. No further details are given about these objects.
9. COURSE: Not reported
10. CONCLUSIONS: Was Air-craft
Was Air-craft
Was Air-craft
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Other (Balloons, Birds, Flares, Scintillating Stars, Meteors, etc.)
11. COMMENTS: From 2123A to 2143A on 3 April 1963 for a total of about 20 minutes. Also confirmed in during November 1963 for about 20 minutes. No other details or supporting data is missing.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR system, I will produce the output of the text found in the document:

Dear sir:

The report of an unidentified aerial object observed at Joliet, Illinois, on 9 April 1963, has been reviewed. The report is considered to be a genuine observation of an unknown aerial phenomenon. 

No further investigation is contemplated.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

TEAR - NOLOGICAL DIVISION
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

DATE: 4 Jun 64

UFO Sighting (3 Apr 63)

Hq USAF SAPOT PR (Mrs Galser)
WASH D C 20330

Reference the attached letter from regarding
his sighting of 3 Apr 63. Also attached is a suggested reply

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERICK T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy For Technology
and Intelligence

2 Atchs
1. 
2. Suggested Reply

- page 3 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a typed letter or document.

Dear ---
Your sighting was made on 3 Apr 63. You reported this sighting to the United States Air Force in November 1963 and forwarded the form to the USAF in Feb 1964. Almost one year has passed.
Information in your report was vague and inconsistent. Portions of the data were unrelated, much as the direction and speed estimated at 100 mph is inconsistent with motion described to the object. Your report is appraised as an unconventional object or natural phenomenon.
Sincerely,

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old document, which appears to be a letter from the USAF Information Division to a person named Mr. [redacted]. The text of the letter is as follows:

July 6, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is in reply to your recent inquiry concerning an unidentified aerial object sighting. The Air Force does not send evaluations of such sightings to the public, as the matter is considered to be of essentially no concern to general policy.

The information in the form you furnished was not considered significant to enable our project office to evaluate the sighting. Reports of the type received were considered generally of no further interest, and thus estimated at 500 mph is inconsistent with motion ascribed to the object.

Your report is now carried in our files as "Conflicting Data." No investigation is presented in the form that this was not a misinterpreted conventional odject [sic] or a natural phenomenon.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Information Division
Office of Information

Joliet, Illinois

- page 5 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a document titled "U.S. Air Force Technical Information" which contains a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about any unidentified flying object (UFO) you may have seen. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
April 26, 1963

2. Time of day: 1:25 A.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern 
   b. Central 
   c. Mountain
   d. Pacific 
   e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Joliet, Illinois

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5 minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY
   b. Daylight 
   c. Dusk
d. NIGHT
   b. Bright
   c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) c. In back of you 
   d. To your left
   e. Don't remember

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting.

S. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Thin scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor-like 
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? 
c. Break up into parts? 
d. Appear to merge with other objects?
e. Change brightness?
f. Pulsate, throb, or wink?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with various questions and response fields filled out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.  If you answered "YES", then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _____________________
b. Color _____White____________
c. Size _______Medium_________
d. Shape _____Round___________

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any distinctive features, such as wings, or the trail or shape of the object as it was moving.

The rest of the text appears to be handwritten responses to the questions on the form.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 100
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/4 to 1/2 mile
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoor (type) 
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In a residential section of a city? c. In open country side? d. Near an airport? e. Flying over open country?
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? - miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sunglasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 9 -

The image contains a diagram showing the path of an object in the sky. The diagram includes a horizon line, an illustration of a compass, and a curved line depicting the path of the object. There is also a blank space for the observer to draw the motion and direction of the object. However, the image does not contain any photographs.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the journey.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location: Nos and da(?) tis what(?).

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO 
31.1 If yes, who answered the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Bruce DeGroat, 1709 3(?), Riverview, Joliet.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] 
AGE: 18 SEX: -
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent: I have studied A7F and S7S. I have a collection of SD, and 57th.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [REDACTED]

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The page contains handwritten responses to a questionnaire, including the date the questionnaire was completed and additional information which the witness felt was pertinent but not adequately covered by the specific points in the questionnaire.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2-9-63
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
There appears to be some detail or explanation lacking from the specific points of the questionnaire, and the witness has provided additional handwritten information to elaborate on their sighting. The text appears to describe the witness's observations and interpretation of the event in more detail.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The document appears to be handwritten text describing a UFO sighting.

U.F.O. INCIDENT
The object was observed as follows:
Reflecting light from ground
Duration time 15 minutes
Shape roughly elliptical or circular
Color tannish white

The report describes an observation of an unidentified flying object that was reflecting light from the ground and had a roughly elliptical or circular shape with a tannish white color. The sighting lasted for approximately 15 minutes.

- page 13 -

