The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a document detailing a sighting of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

1. DATE
11 May 1963

2. DATE/TIME GROUP
1900

3. DURATION
5 minutes

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

7. COURSE
Northwest

8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Low humming sound observed to accompany lights in the NW after 3 blinking lights were observed. First impression was that object was malfunctioning aircraft, but later impression was that object was not an aircraft.

9. CONCLUSIONS
Was not ___ Definite Aircraft 
Was not ___ Meteor
Probably ___ Satellite
Possibly ___ Other Astronomical
Was _X_ Unidentified

H. COMMENTS
Northwest Corridor a/c with an electric advertising light, viewed on a hilly location by Dr. J. Allen.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with handwritten text. The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

[Handwritten text]:
We have been watching this thing for about 1 1/2 hours. It would appear, disappear, reappear, move around & remain stationary at times. It seemed to be surrounded by a haze or glow and was illuminated. The color of the object varied from white to reddish-orange and it seemed to be metallic in appearance. There appeared to be no visible means of propulsion and no sound could be heard. At times it seemed to cast a shadow on the ground. The object was estimated to be about 30-40 feet in diameter and was at an estimated altitude of 3000 feet. There were no other aircraft in the area at the time. We have no explanation for what we observed and hope this report will assist in determining what this object was.

- page 2 -

The image contains a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, but it does not contain any photographs. The text found in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day:  Hour   Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Location: City or Town, State or Country
Additional remarks:
5. How long was object in sight?   Hours   Minutes   Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Clear b. Cloudy c. NIGHT: Clear d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTD JUL 61 164 This form supersedes ATIC 144, Feb 46, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a survey-style questionnaire for the observer.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8-1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8-2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One) a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? YES

11. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, d. Give off smoke? Yes, e. Change brightness? Yes, f. Change shape? Yes, g. Flash or flicker? Yes, h. Disappear and reappear? Yes

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? (Circle One) Yes, No, Don't Know. IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? (Circle One) Yes, No, Don't Know. IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? (Circle Yes or No for each) a. Eyeglasses Yes, b. Sun glasses Yes, c. Windshield Yes, d. Window glass Yes

- page 4 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified object, but no photograph. The text on the page provides details about the object, including descriptions of its shape and motion.

As an OCR system, the text output is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   
b. Color   Casual only two light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The sketch shows an elliptical or oval-shaped object with several protrusions or appendages, moving in a sideways direction according to the arrow.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)   a. Fuzzy or blurred
   b. Like a bright star
   c. Sharply outlined
   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
(Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 5 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with handwritten text and drawings.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the end of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country? 
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West 
h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West 
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing (compass direction), try to describe the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 7 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line and an object above the horizon, with instructions to place an "A" on the curved line to indicate how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. The second and third sketches show larger aerial views, with the instructions to place an "A" on the position where the object was when you first saw it, and to draw a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position where the object was when you first saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text in the form of a questionnaire from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
DR. ALLYN 3. WOLFF
Dr. 28 YES April 30, 1963 

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? 
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
I ---m --- to divulge information

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
(no response)

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I should judge that the object was not of this world, but rather an extra-terrestrial craft of some nature. This conclusion is based upon the unusual nature of its speed, performance, and capability of maneuvering which would be beyond the scope of any known aerial vehicle. It appeared to be intelligently controlled and guided. Possibly an exploratory craft from another planet or dimension.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions and fields to be filled out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
Age: 19 Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 May Year 19__

- page 10 -

