The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with various form fields filled out.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION
3. SOURCE
10. CONCLUSION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is an handwritten document.

E ast of me, and 15 miles south of the air force . 1 seeing station where
a lashing strobe was moving mountains, and o
was almost 20 miles south of the same
Reason is hear me desire to mention the only
comes to mind in past the subject thing — left
with a feeling of great fear, during which time the mos
numerous time sightings of a 'fleet of these massive
The nearest thing that I ever saw resembling it
was a national news wire when I have seen ghoster-
ings of these flints called such become when caught
on an X-ray ( daylight ) rising vapor of a
few hundred feet & shoot athwart I at an
angle rare a cross current of air. There must be
many large blossoms across the seath west & E
Seem times I wonder of some of your reports 
about flights of hyper velocity. after re-examining & locke-
ing not just the effect in, I still sincerely this what &
as not aware show at west tonight.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten note describing a UFO case file that includes "one envelope of thistle blooms".

THAXTON, VA FACE 63
CASE INCLUDES ONE (1) 
ENVELOPE OF THISTLE BLOOMS

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an envelope addressed to "U.S. air force, U.S.C.O., Unidentified Flying Objects" at "The Pentagon" in Washington D.C.

Thaxton, Va.
U.S. air force
U.S.C.O., Unidentified Flying Objects
c/o THE PENTAGON
Washington, D.C.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, specifically a letter dated December 9, 1964.

OCR Text:

Dear ------

Your observation of floating visible plasma is an interesting sighting and is in line with the general characteristics of sightings of this nature.

Similar observations which have been reported on many occasions indicate unusual phenomena under certain conditions.

Your observations of circular, hovering, and several high-speed maneuvers from cloud origin and various luminous characteristics, correspond to other sightings during the latter part of the fall of 1953.

The Air Force appreciates your contribution to this program and will aid this unique observation to become part of the overall studies of unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

EASTON M. JACIKS
MAJOR, USAF, Aeroneutical Branch
Chief, Civil Engineering Division
Office of Information Service

Mr. ------
Thaxton, Virginia

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO:
THIS AI
NR 64

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Fall of 1963, Thaxton, Virginia

1. R/S USAF, SAFOT PD

Your observation of floating thistle blooms is indeed an interesting case and is falls into the general category of evaluations of reported "angel hair".

Similar observations which have been reported on many occasions included migrating spider web, rayon residue from broken down articles of clothing, and natural phenomena which appear to descend from the sky and vanish. The appearance which you described in your sighting during the latter part of 1963. 

The Air Force appreciates your contribution to this program and will this contribution to the various studies of unidentified flying objects.

Also, it is unusual for most private citizens to have a feeling for the complexities and difficulties of the occasional UFO reports. Again, this is just one of the many problems which confront the Air Force in evaluating and processing UFO reports. Again, we appreciate your interest and contribution.

Sincerely,

FOR THE COMMANDER

DEPUTY FOR TECHNOLOGY

THECLEARNESSOF SECURITY

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten report or document.

NOV. 23, 1964
U.S. Air Force
P.O. Box 707
Washington 25, D.C.

Sighting occurred where over Lynchburg, Va.
C.P.O. 2 Thaxton, Va. reported this at my request
Seeing incident where disc-object of the sighting became visible and
Sighted that they decided to describe as a phenomenon of Looking up for
more than 5 minutes.

On seeing this in 1963, I noticed thing oblong shape and
more carefully examination showed it to be a missolve of the years of the Satellite
called - John 5 was a full day long in daylight at nighttime bright lights-- made a
series of abruptly angle turns to or the direction it cane+ being
Different angles they affected in the air, and from
Make those gracious in no, more tremens of apprehension of the witnessed none
more alarmed than the difference scene of the long distance about a
Great the strangeness of the sighting object as of fly. I have seen no
way to explain unless to assume all no such thing as seen at all to be
of actual, from our time of flights, but witnessed a memory fact.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

It is my belief that the UFO seen on the clear photo from the different cross-winds or currents on a lake is entirely true. I am inclosing two sets of bloom & perhaps it dried through, thrown into the air. It is a large well-defined object, and with the trail of electric fans. You may have the same picture I sent. I'm not inclosing this for what I have in mind - having a hefty on your findings.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Text in the document:

Right to the air wave for November 1, 1963 
Information, SAFH-PB
Wilmington, Del.

My dear sir:
On October 3, 1963 I was sick in bed, 12 y+8 M old, 5 feet 11 inches weighing 220 Ibs. The 0 air time. 9:00 a.m. 9:20 a.m. my TV set operate ABNORMALLY WELL. True it was that I have been 117 days away END. 24 years since I was. 
Station air, AP radio news and WELM Wilmington local newscast, within 5 minutes 3 events unrelated happened all similer, in EVERY DETAIL.
There was in reality an Air Force maneuver over many farm fields in Brandywine Hundred, Del. 

Where I may a sketch Air Force activities over my farm field. This is a TRUE statement, on U.F.O. U.F.O. the term "unidentified flying object" is not properly USed for this incident. Suffice it to say, that I observed a LIGHTED craft, that was ROUND DISCOID SHAPED, no portholes or openings, that hovered at 150 to 200 feet above the ground and was ILLUMINATED. This craft seem to be operating by SOUNDLESS POWER.
I watched this CRAFT, (which did make no engine SOUND WHAT SO EVER) for about 30 minutes, Estimating its diameter to approximately 60 to 70 feet. When it was leaving, it moved in a southeasterly direction, the LIGHTING going out COMPLETELY and it disappeared at a high rate of speed and altitude, like a FALLING STAR. 
I definitely believe here was a scientific experiment or MANIFESTATION performed over my farm on Oct. 3, 1963. There were no unusual happenings when it departed. The very next day, Oct. 4, 1963, I informed the U.S.F.O. Headquarters at Andrews A.F.B.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The image shows an envelope or cover page with handwritten text and a postage stamp.

RE-SAFO-193
ATTN: NATIONAL BRANCH 
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

P.B.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Transcription of the text:

Master in Parks
Mayor, U.S. Govt.
Chief, P.I.S. Washington, D.C.
My dear Major:

The U.F.O.
My latest of 1-16-65, enclosing negatives as requested, because it appears to have been a large flame, with many lights, and noise - had a strange tail about 15ft long, same as my sighting on 12-23-64, with a flare in the sky over my garage and some sort of projecting from it, about 90 ft high over Bald Mt., Va., which I guess was 8 miles away. The flame itself did not appear to be as wonderful as the other, not moving quite so rapidly.
That which did not report as unusual -
one case which I shall log day for 1963, I was disturbed by the motion near the door of my garage, thinking 8 feet flying saucer with a flapping or oscillating motion, similar to the thing about 10 O'clock position on the sky, and within 2 seconds I did hear out of the 4 ft south next to my house. It was high speed, but flashy, up over Bald Mt., Va., which was 8 miles away.

- page 11 -

