The image contains a form with the title "PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD". There is no photograph present in the image. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 8 August 1963
2. LOCATION: Florida
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: Local Junk
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 40 minutes
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
8. COURSE: Parallel with plane
9. SOURCE: Civilian
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Obj observed on flight from Wash D.C to Miami, Fla. Time estimated about dusk. Observers n/c above ground, Obj described as a long bar or strip very red on bottom, fading to yellow on top. Observed for 40 min right of plane, Did not change it's position relative to s/c. Obj disappeared with darkness. Object surrounded by blue sky. Asked observers to identify, Didn't know thought maybe man-made.
11. COMMENTS: Description in need of further analysis. Unknown observations.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from a Project Blue Book report document. Here is the text content extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Airplane (type) A1', ,~
e. At sea 
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other~C:'S

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. theodolite Yes No
h. Other 

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document with instructions and diagrams related to UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the scale show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a form or document, possibly related to a UFO report.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: [REDACTED]
SEX: [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be related to this report.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[REDACTED]

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

November 20, 1963

Dear Mrs. [REDACTED],

The sighting of August 8, 1963 which you reported to the Air Force has been studied by the Sundogs or moon dogs are familiar phenomena to Dr. Donald H. Menzel, in his book "The World of Flying Saucers," describes Sundogs as follows:

"Sundogs are another special effect resulting from the unusual conditions of refraction and reflection of sunlight in ice crystals floating in a layer or cirrus clouds. These tiny ice crystals, floating in a layer of cirrus clouds, are responsible for many strange phenomena in the sky, such as haloes, mock suns, and sundogs. Such crystals may be invisible to the observers, and while the halo phenomenon is visible, the sundogs that accompany the moon are often mistaken for another object. These images are called mock suns and, like the mock suns that accompany the moon, they appear in the sky aft bright and colorful and are often mistaken for the real thing. They appear to the side of the sun or the moon and have a brilliance resembling that of the celestial body they accompany."

Thank you for reporting this unusual aerial phenomena to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a sketch or drawing rather than a photograph. The sketch depicts a lamp or light fixture with a swirl of shapes around it, possibly representing some form of energy or movement. There is also a small flower-like shape in the bottom right corner of the image.

8 AUGUST 1963
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
USAF FORM 612

The incident was reported by (Deleted), a retired U.S. Air Force pilot, who lived near Jacksonville, Florida. At approximately 2030 hours on 8 August 1963, (Deleted) observed an oblong-shaped object with a bright luminous interior. The object was first sighted approximately 500 feet above the ground and approximately 1/2 mile distant. The object moved in a horizontal path for approximately 2-3 minutes and then disappeared from view.
(Deleted) reported that the object was silent and did not appear to have any visible means of propulsion. He further stated that the object did not resemble any known or conventional aircraft.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Dear Doctor,

Here is a report of a UFO sighting that occurred on 9-13-63. I am enclosing a sketch of the object as I saw it. The object was observed for about 45 minutes starting around 8:00 P.M. The object appeared to be hovering and did not seem to move laterally while I observed it. It would, however, change its appearance, i.e., expand and contract. The object had an orange glow and seemed to be translucent. It was about the size of a basketball at arm's length. I am reporting this incident as I feel it may be of interest to you. I would appreciate any feedback you can provide.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned text document, specifically a letter dated February 14, 1964.

Text from the document:

February 14, 1964

Dear Mrs. xxxxxx,

This is in reply to your letter of February 11, 1964, which concerned the unusual phenomena you described.

In our letter we quoted Dr. Menzel's book "The World of Flying Saucers" in describing this phenomena. Dr. Menzel stated that these need be clouds. What he said was that "a thin layer of ice crystals may be invisible to the observer while reflecting a luminous and temporary image."

In our letter we also mentioned that "sundog" phenomena, which are caused by the refraction of light in the atmosphere, can sometimes appear as the one you witnessed. Also, "sundogs" appear in various colors of the spectrum and usually near the sun.

The phenomena pictured in the sketch you enclosed does not appear to be explained by either of these atmospheric phenomena. There was a bright spot about 15 to 20 degrees from the horizon, where the material was of a nature that we cannot determine.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Attachment
Mrs. xxxxxxx
Miami 36, Florida

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text.

The text from the document is as follows:

The enclosed picture in 3/8/50 the manner of which there has been something and I may that there is nothing else my attention will be held to the nature of the circular on the back came up reply dated sometime October 30, 1949 have watched after my daughter in which is really permitting to have no human contact return them from information he hid meet our friend who was replied to you gave me a message that was explained thinking what. Sincerely, (Mrs.) ******

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text on a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Output:
He had come that way and noticed an apparent confusion in the sky. He noticed that there was a bright light in the sky that seemed to be moving. He watched it for several minutes and it began to get larger and brighter. It then began to fade and disappear. He said it was a very strange occurrence and he could not explain what he saw. He said he was very puzzled by what he saw and did not know what to make of it. He said he had never seen anything like it before and did not know what to think of it. He said he was very disturbed by what he had seen and did not know what to make of it.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a handwritten document or report. The text in the image is in a handwritten format, and there is no clear visual element or photograph present.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

Capt 8 the line of flight of the station vessel is also shown here. The rest of the hand written letters are not legible.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archive, specifically a letter dated September 17, 1963.

Text found in the document:

September 17, 1963

Dear Mrs. ----,

This is in response to your letter of September 9, 1963, in which you reported sighting an unidentified object.

Enclosed is a form PTD 164. Would you kindly complete this form and return it to the Air Force Systems Command, Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. A self-addressed envelope is enclosed for your convenience.

Upon completion of the investigation, you will be further advised.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure
Mrs. ----
Miami, Florida 33130

- page 12 -

There is no visible photograph in this document. 

Text output from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about an unidentified flying object (UFO) which you may have seen. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 8/6/63
Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 6:00 P.M.
(Circle One): A.M. P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: 55 N.E. 22nd Street
City or Town: Fort Lauderdale State or Country: Florida 

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3-5 Minutes
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Overcast d. Hazy
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Overcast

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Is your left e. Behind you f. Don't remember

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, consisting of a questionnaire with various questions regarding the sighting of a UFO.

Extracted text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky 
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember  

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change course at any time?
c. Give off smoke?
d. Change brightness?
e. Make a sound?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It faded into the gray haze until I could no longer see it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES NO Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
was Slightly behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES NO Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
It came out from behind a gray hazy cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - none
b. Color - a silvery white color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how many times the length of the object is covered by the match stick. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the match stick would have been covered by the width of the object?
(Blank)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Hand-drawn sketch showing a round or oval-shaped object with a glowing or reflective surface, moving from right to left.)

- page 15 -

