The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6-Sep 63
2. LOCATION: Eastern Kansas
3. DATE-TIME GROUP:
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar, Visual
5. DURATION: 6 min
6. COURSE: Straight flight
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 6 min
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: Straight flight
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: A bright object 1/2 size of full moon, high in sky, triangular shape with bright sun-colL. Appeared silver in color, moved silently, accelerated to high speed and disappeared, no trail.
11. COMMENTS: A/R: Possible line caused by reflaction between double panes of window. Actual was unidentified reflection in window could not be satisfactorily explained wings should be seen.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

UFO SIGHTING BY DHM
September 8, 1963

From a jet plane flying at an altitude of about 30,000 feet over eastern Kansas, I saw a bright metallic UFO, quite similar in size and shape to a jet plane. The time was around noon, local time, and the northern altitude of the plane. The UFO, quite small off to the side of the plane, was a bright object, broken in two by a horizontal dark line. It closely resembled the fuselage and wings of a jet plane, but there was no red or green running lights, nor any exhaust trail. I almost immediately recognized it for what it later proved to be, though its physical appearance was extremely different. It was indeed a jet plane, the silver body brilliantly illuminated. 

There was no trace of wings.

The double lines were a reflection between the double windows and I was actually seeing two reflections, themselves very bright, appeared very similar to a single structure shaped like a jet plane following along. While I was attempting to confirm this by maneuvering the jet, the UFO or reflection abruptly disappeared. It did give the effect of a single structure, of course. A jet and the relative speeds of the plane were about the same as the UFO. Another jet of course was then shaped illusion continued for at least ten minutes. And then, with gradual changing illumination or something, the brightness of the reflection diminished until I could barely make it out. You will recall that these windows are truly double, with a considerable space between them. This was the multiple effect I mistook for a UFO at first. I could not help wondering if you could not build up a reflection from outside in some such fashion by repeated reflection between the double windows. I do not know, however, whether there are actual double windows in the DC4 and if the spacing would give rise to such reflections.

- page 2 -

