The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from a UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 15/02/1963
2. LOCATION: KETTERING, OHIO
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 15/02/1963
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar or Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: NO
6. SOURCE: O. G. Ground-Radar
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
9. COURSE: SE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object appearing as an extremely bright light, possibly metallic, moving SE 2-3 minutes elevation moving SE.
11. COMMENTS: ECHO over Dayton detected by several stations prior to and at time of sighting. The object was apparently visible to the naked eye with reports of this nature. Case evaluated as ECHO r Possibly Balloon.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 14 March 1963
2. Time of day: 8:30 Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Kettering, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY b. NIGHT c. Bright d. Overcast
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. In back of you d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

Transcription of text in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 14 March 1963
2. Time of day: 8:30 Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Kettering, Ohio 
5. How long was object in sight? Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY b. NIGHT c. Bright d. Overcast 
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. In back of you d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember
ATIC FR& 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting, likely from Project Blue Book. The form contains various questions and checkboxes for the observer to describe their observations, such as the appearance of the object, its movement, and how it was observed.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

S. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Exceedingly bright star

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Seem to jump, dart, or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains questions and space for the witness to provide written responses.

Text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ___
b. Color ___

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc.; and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a series of questions and blank space for written responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which consists of a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and short answer questions.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. As was
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Dropped a lit cigarette and noticed the object

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions.
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. East
b. North
c. Northeast
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____ degrees.
b. From horizon ____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____ degrees.
b. From horizon ____ degrees.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One) 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry 
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: Month: Year:

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)  Yes  No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)  Yes  No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)  Yes  No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions filled out by a witness.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes / No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes / No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (Last Name), (First Name) (Middle Name)
ADDRESS: (Street), (City), (Zone), (State)
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (redacted)
Age: 17, Sex: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
(Day) - (Month) - (Year)

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing optical character recognition on the text in the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO 25 31DG
SUBJECT TDE
DATE
FROM LT. DEPARTMENTO 5/1/7
DD 396 95 FWDC TO MILITARY CONTROL FOR ACTION IAW AFR 80-17.

- page 9 -

