The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form used for a Project Blue Book record card, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The form has fields for various details about the sighting, such as the date, time, location, type of observation, and brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
2. LOCATION: Pennsylvania
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. EVALUATION:
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Obtained information on meteor observation.
11. COMMENTS: Not a UFO report, meteor sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR text output:

COPY OF REPORT OF PHYSICAL SIGHTING OF UNKNOWN FLYING OBJECT 
ON DECEMBER 9, 1963 NEAR PHILADELPHIA, PA.

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION:
On Dec. 9, 1963, at about 10:00 P.M., two observers reported sighting an unknown flying object approximately 500 feet in the air near the intersection of Routes 1 and 3 about 5 miles north of Philadelphia, Pa. The object was described as being triangular in shape, approximately 30 feet in length, and emitting a bluish-white glow. It was observed for about 2 minutes before disappearing. No sound was heard.

DETAILS OF INFORMATION: 
On December 9, 1963, at approximately 10:00 P.M., two observers, while traveling in an automobile on Routes 1 and 3 about 5 miles north of Philadelphia, Pa., sighted an unknown flying object. The object was described as being triangular in shape, approximately 30 feet in length, and emitting a bluish-white glow. It was estimated to be at an altitude of about 500 feet. The object was observed for approximately 2 minutes before it suddenly disappeared. No sound was heard by the observers.

MARTIN H. JACOBS
Captain, USAF
Investigator, Evaluation Division
Office of Information Services

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the University of Pennsylvania's Flower and Cook Observatory, dated December 12, 1956, regarding some reports and information requests related to air force and UFO sightings.

UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 4 
Flower and Cook Observatory
Dear Sir:

Over Pennsylvania sightings of UFQ's are becoming quite frequent and many reports, particularly on the formation and orbits of these objects, are coming in to the Air Force Station at Washington, D.C.

Many reports, particularly on the formation and orbits of these objects, are coming in to the Air Force Station at Washington, D.C. If you have any information that would be helpful, we would be very grateful to receive copies of them. We are particularly interested in verified sightings by trained observers, as they would provide more reliable data. Your assistance will be greatly appreciated, and any information that you can supply will be a valuable contribution to the Air Force for any research that they may undertake.

Sincerely yours,

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or report from the University of Pennsylvania Flower and Cook Observatory, dated December 9, 1963.

UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA

Flower and Cook Observatory
Dear sir:
The very intriguing fireball observed over the Philadelphia area on Dec. 7, 1963 from 5:06 p.m. to 6:09 p.m. EST was carefully monitored by our staff. Unfortunately, cloudy conditions prevented a visual tracking of the object, but considerable photographic data was obtained.
Many observers, including members of your office, have reported seeing the fireball from various locations. We would be most interested in receiving any information you may have regarding this event, and in particular the exact time of observation and direction from which the object was seen.
It is possible our data can be correlated, thereby enabling us to determine the trajectory and possibly the origin of the fireball. Please let me know if you can assist me in this regard.
Yours truly,
[Redacted]
Astronomer
UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA
Flower and Cook Observatory
November 13, 1963

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements other than the typed text on the document. The document appears to be a letter dated December 16, 1963, addressed to "Dear Mr. __" from the Foreign Technology Division, discussing a previous letter of December 12, 1963. The letter provides information about the Division's response to the recipient's prior letter and advises that they will send the requested information.

December 16, 1963

Dear Mr.

This is in response to your letter of December 12, 1963, in which you request any information the Air Force may have on this subject.

The Foreign Technology Division advises us that they have not received any reports on this particular sighting. They advise us that if they do receive any reports, they will be disseminated to you immediately.

In the matter of information, the Foreign Technology Division will have data reports of the incidents you mentioned forwarded to us. As soon as we receive them, they will be provided to you.

Sincerely,

MAJOR H. JACKIE
Chief, Information Division
Office of Information

- page 5 -

