The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card with various fields filled in, such as the date, location, type of observation, duration, and a brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 21 November 1963
2. LOCATION West Nyack, New York
3. DATE-TIME GROUP Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Radar
5. DURATION
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 3
11. COMMENTS: Objects appeared to be solid bodies in the sky, side of trailing. sharply outlined. Objects maneuver at an estimated speed of 500 mph. Objects passed through a 45 degree arc in about 5 seconds. Objects finally disappeared from radar scope.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or interview form.

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT IN THE DOCUMENT:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, than what speed would you estimate? 15-20 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No 
If you answered YES, than how far away would you say it was? 400-500 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airport
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 15-20 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No
e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.

- page 2 -

The image contains a diagram that appears to be a sketch or drawing. It shows an arc or horizon line with angular measurements and a radial design or compass rose-like element on the right side of the page.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Those marked "A" on the extreme high to low values should show the horizon (skyline) as you first saw it. Please show the position of the object (if any) when you first saw it. Please show the course over which the object moved as you observed it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects made. Indicate the end of the path and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? (Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] Last Name [Redacted] First Name [Redacted] Middle Initial
ADDRESS [Redacted] Street [Redacted] City [Redacted] Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE SEX

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the 1963-11-9737364-WestNyack-NewYork.pdf5.txt file.

Text extracted from the document:

31. Date you completed this questionnaire:
33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it shows a handwritten document. I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

September 15, 1958 Station
Report - West Nyack, N.Y.

Dear Sirs:
Enclosed herewith is a report on an unusual sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) that occurred on September 15, 1958 at approximately 8:40 p.m. in the West Nyack, New York area.
The object was observed for a period of three to four minutes and was traveling in a straight course at a high rate of speed. The object was observed to be elliptical in shape, silver or metallic in color, and was estimated to be approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter.
The object was observed by my wife and myself and also by a neighbor who was visiting at the time. We would appreciate your investigation of this incident.
Sincerely yours,

[Redacted]

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this particular page. The image shows handwritten text in the bottom half, which reads "Correspondence of the Condon Committee on the Unidentified Flying Objects and the State of Colorado" and an address "Boston, Mass".

Correspondence of the Condon Committee on the Unidentified Flying Objects and the State of Colorado
Boston, Mass

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows a memo routing slip form with various fields for information such as "TO", "FROM", "REMARKS", and "DD FORM 95".

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO 
REMARKS
FROM 
S/C 
R 
DISPATCH 
CIRCULATE 
FILE 
INFORMATION 
INVESTIGATION 
RECORD
RECOMMENDATION 
SEE ME
DD FORM 95

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter.

Intelligence Section
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, O.

Dear Sir:

Concerning your investigation into the sighting of an unidentified flying object on Dec. 6, 1963. 

I would like to report an object I saw can the evening of Dec. 7, 1963.

Special sheets to provide to people who have seen these things. Is it possible to fill one out?

Thank you very much for your time and trouble.

Sincerely yours,

P.S. I am sorry to delay this so long, but the events of the following day delayed this, and it has been delayed until now.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

TO: LT USAF SAVOI-PR (Mrs Gaiser)
YEAR: 22 2 2

REFERENCE: the attached letter from your requesting a review of the report under investigation UFO sighting (Case No 115F).

WAS UPO CONSIDERED

ERICH C. BEHNKE
MAJOR, USAF
SECTION C - CONTRACTS
DIVISION OF BIOPHYSICS, NEUROLOGY
and SUBAYATNAS

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena or object that you observed. The information provided by you will help us gain a better understanding of the problem. The information you provide may be used for statistical or analytical purposes, but will be treated confidential. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
5a. Couldn't judge b. Briefly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was the time in sight determined? Yes No
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: b. NIGHT: 
(1) Clear (1) Clear
(2) Cloudy (2) Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the ob.....
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Few b. Many c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Full moon c. Crescent d. No moonlight - pitch dark e. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? c. Break up into parts or explode? d. Give off smoke? e. Change brightness? f. Change shape? g. Flash or flicker? h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document that contains only text.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? – I did not notice any disappearance according to the text.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? – Yes, it moved behind a cloud according to the text.
16. Did the object move in front of or pass by something at any time, particularly a cloud? – Yes, according to the text.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound – No sound according to the text. b. Color – The color was yellow according to the text.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Held a match stick at arm's length in line with the object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? – The text indicates that the observer would need to provide this information based on their own observations.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. – There is no drawing or diagram present in this image.

OCR output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? - I did not notice any disappearance 
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? - Yes, it moved behind a cloud
16. Did the object move in front of or pass by something at any time, particularly a cloud? - Yes
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound - No sound
b. Color - Yellow
18. We wish to know the angular size. Held a match stick at arm's length in line with the object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? - (Observer would need to provide this information)
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. - (No drawing or diagram present)

- page 13 -

