There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains text information.

PROJECT 16073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 5-Sep-63
2. LOCATION: Healdsburg, Calif.
3. DATE-TIME GRP: 5:03 PM
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. COURSE: Erratic
6. DURATION: Over 2 hr.
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Over 2 hr.
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Only a resembling large star moving from a slightly east of North toward the East. Travel at steady speed and appeared to be closer than a star. Erratic motion.
9. COMMENTS: Sighting has all characteristics of altitude with light attached.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

Office for the recording
of data on Unidentified Flying Objects
United States Air Force

On the evening of the second of September, sometime between 10 and
11:30 p.m., my husband and I watched a moving object in the sky over, or
slightly to the north of, Healdsburg, California. We were sitting on the
beach of the Russian river, enjoying the cool evening when he pointed out that
one of the larger stars was moving. The light which we saw was that of the
same size and brilliance as some of the other stars or planets. I
am sorry I do not know my constellations well enough to say which it
passed through. When we first noticed it, it was at approximately onepoint four, and it would say 10:30 p.m. We watched it. It continued at a fairly steady pace.
It took over a half and hour to reach the tree tops to the east of us, but it never seemed any closer than a star. There was no sound that could be connected to it, and it would have been unnoticeable except for the movement. The oddest thing about it was the
absolute stillness and quietude about until I had drawn on my back
to check my observations, with no concer that the object's motion was there. Definitely it moved faster than any airplane.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a scanned document or form. The document seems to be an official correspondence from the United States Air Force, with a seal or stamp at the top right.

OCR output:
OFFICE FOR COMPL'T'E O'E' DATA ON
United States Air Force
FTD
TDE

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: HQ USAF(SAF-OITP) (Mrs Culver)
WASH 25 D.C.

Reference the attached letter from an unidentified flying object
sighting near Healdsburg, California, the following information is forwarded to assist you in a reply to Mrs. 

1. The sighting of Mrs. Wilson has all the characteristics
of an "upper-air" balloon or a radiosondes.

2. Contact with the balloon control center as follows APN, 
failed to identify the specific balloon in question.

3. The nearest radiosonde launch to Healdsburg, California,
was conducted. The time and direction from this site over
Mrs. Wilson's location.

4. While we cannot identify this specific balloon, we still
believe that this object was a balloon. The object was definitely
characterized as balloonlike, and its motion coincided in all respects with the motion, direction and duration of a balloon.

FOR THE COMMANDER

GREGORY C. WIERZBICKI, Capt
Deputy Chief, Technology
Sci and Apps Systems

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a typed letter on United States Air Force letterhead.

October 21, 1953

Dear Mrs. --,

This is in response to your recent letter in which you reported sighting an unidentified object in the vicinity of Healdsburg, California.

The object you sighted has all the characteristics of an "indirect" reflection on the camera lens, rather than an actual observed object. It appears this was likely caused by the intense brightness of the object, which caused it to leave a brief impression on the camera lens. This would explain why the object was invisible since it was only an artifact of the camera.

Sincerely,

MASLON M. JACKS
Major, Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs. ---
Fresno, California

- page 5 -

