The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a Project 10073 Record Card.

Text from the document:

1. DATE: 29 July 1963
2. LOCATION: Potomac, Maryland
3. DATE/TIME OBSERVATION: 2200
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
8. COURSE: Stationary
9. CONCLUSIONS:
Was Balloon: No
Probably Balloon: No
Airplane: No
Probably Airplane: No
Satellite: No
Probably Astronomical: No
Insufficient Data for Evaluation: Yes

The document describes an observation of an unidentified object seen by three college professors at sunset in Potomac, Maryland on July 29, 1963. The object was described as slightly brighter than stars, extremely slow moving, and round in shape, with an estimated size of 1.5 to 2 degrees of arc per minute. The observer's conclusion was that there was insufficient data to evaluate the nature of the observed object.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an "Evaluation of UFO Sighting (Dr. *****)" report.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO TDEW
CASE NO:
SUBJECT: Evaluation of UFO Sighting (Dr. ****)

TO: HQ USAF SAP-OIPR (Mrs Gaiser)
ATTN: 52 D C

The following information is provided in order that you may answer Dr. ****'s questions: Maryland (phone) regarding this sighting:

a. We apologize for the delay in replying. No apparent explanation was available when we received the information of this sighting.

b. A copy of his report was sent to Dr J Allen Hynek of Northwestern University. Subsequent investigation resulted in contact with Mr. Arlo J. Vebey of the National Center for Atmospheric Research.

c. On 24 Jul 63 three research balloons were launched from Palestine, Texas. These balloons carried an instrument package with an automatic triggering device to separate this package after 100 hours of flight. One of these packages was not recovered. After 102 hours the track was lost with the balloon heading towards Canada, back down through Maine and New Hampshire. After 102 hours the track was lost with the balloon heading towards Canada, back down through Maine and New Hampshire. The flight path could have taken it in the vicinity of Maryland at the time of his sighting. The package from this balloon was not recovered to confirm the identification of this sighting as this balloon. However, all other aspects of the case indicate that this is a possible cause of the sighting.

d. We are attaching two articles from the Science Newsletter, indicating the establishment of the above program.

e. Should Dr. **** desire further information regarding this program, he may contact Mr Vince Lally at Boulder, Colorado.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from MASTON M. JACKS of the Public Information Division, Office of Information to an individual named Dr. [redacted], who is from Potomac, Maryland.

November 13, 1963

Dear Dr. [redacted],

We must apologize for the delay in answering your correspondence reported sighting of July 29, 1963. Your report was submitted to our Office from the University of North Carolina, and a subsequent investigation was conducted in our continuing Atmospheric Research Program.

Investigation reveals that on July 29 at approximately 9:00 PM, at Beltsville, Maryland, two balloon packages were released. These balloons were part of an instrument package launched from Wallops Island, Virginia for atmospheric research. The Goddard Space Flight Center at Beltsville was conducting the release as part of this research program.

Two hours after the initial balloons were released, another two balloon packages were launched from Beltsville across the North Hampton, New Hampshire area. The balloons were tracking southwest towards Potomac, Maryland.

We cannot positively identify your sighting as this particular balloon release, but the description and timing suggest this was the possible cause. We are attaching two articles from the Science magazine that may provide further details on the above program. Should you desire any additional information, please contact Mr. Vince Zilly at Boulder, Colorado.

Sincerely,
MASTON M. JACKS
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information form where someone has filled out details about an unidentified aerial phenomenon they observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you give will assist them in evaluating these reports. We request that you answer the questions as fully and accurately as possible, and that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 29 July 1963
2. Time of day: 8:45 (Circle One): A.M. P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Rea Castle, Md.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 minutes
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Careful
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: NIGHT:
    a. Bright a. Bright
    b. Hazy b. Hazy
    c. Overcast c. Partly Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Don't remember

FTD FORM SCF 85 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. More 
c. Less
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Light moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds (Partly cirrus
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain  
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Self-luminous (glowing)
d. As a light 

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____Stars then sun_____

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred 
b. Sharp and well-defined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One, for each item)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and fields for the observer to fill out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

Clicked to the right and seemed to go off into the distance.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Bright yellow-white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this in sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

Match head covered approximately 1/4 of the object's apparent size.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you sketched as wings, pattern, color, etc. Please an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Bright white oval-shaped object.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes.
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Incredible, unless it is a secret military aircraft
21. Do you think you can estimate how far or away from you the object was? Yes.
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 1/2 to 1 mile.
22. Where was the object located when you saw the object? (Circle One) b. In a car building
IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) c. East
24.2 How fast were you moving? 40 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Telescope e. Binoculars Yes
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Bright star or planet

- page 7 -

The image contains a sketch diagram and a compass rose. There is no photograph included in this page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky line) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Yes       No
                      Yes       No

V.P.I.
Blacksburg, Va.

Mr. James Conklin, FED
Route 1, Falling Waters
Washington, W. Va.

32. Please give the following information about yourself.

NAME            Last Name                        First Name     Middle Name
ADDRESS        Street                                City              Zone         State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                                 AGE  31   SEX  M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

DEPT. M S PHSIC-S
Marrage - Technical Requirements Fulfilled Design Engineering Dir.
2-13-64 Conv.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

Day        Month        Year

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 Aug 63
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
(REDACTION of bright object 75 meters seen in clear To move seen in clear To go around slightly upward move slightly upward to the right, object were about 5 minutes scene. During receive 10 to 30 seconds to watch it. It was night, clear sky, light from object very bright, slightly lighter than bright star. The motion was slightly up and round not steady but jerkily movement to right.)
Postscript:
Please furnish any conclusion your have concerning this object.

- page 10 -

The image appears to be an official document, but there is no photograph present in this particular page. 

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDH7
Request for Evaluation of UFO (Dr. ___________)

He DEAR PAT-of 3b (Mr. Fostr)
NARA L' R VC -1963-
1. The incident was unidentified. It was observed at Ponce in Puerto Rico (phone) 1962-and the report of his sighting is contained in the enclosed letter dated 23 July 1963.
2. Dr. Joseph ____________ includes a request that he be notified of any conclusions regarding this sighting.

3. At this time the witnesses are unable to evaluate the sighting. The object was bright and was in contact in the field future. Additional information is being obtained in the interest.

4. Indications are that this sighting are Dr. C. J. Blankenburg, Virginia and Mr. C. of John Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland.

FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

- page 11 -

