The image does not contain a photograph, only a scanned document labeled "PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD" with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE                          2. LOCATION
December 9, 1963                 White Plains, New York
3. DATE-TIME GROUP               4. TYPE OF SIGHTING
13:40 10/07/63                   Ground-Radar
5. SOURCE                        6. AIR FORCE AGENCY
D. Air-Visual                    D Air-Intercept Radar
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION         8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
13-15 min.                       1
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Witness observed an object in the sky which awakened his attention. The object was first noticed through the window to the East, low in the sky. It appeared as a dull yellow light. After a short period, the object turned and headed to the West at a fast rate of speed. It was only visible for a few seconds and then disappeared. The witness stated that this could not be a conventional aircraft.

The text from the document has been reproduced in full.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

Text transcribed from the document:

My report and observations are as follows:

It was approximately 8:20 P.M. E.S.T. on the evening of December 6, 1963 when I observed a bright light in the sky over White Plains, New York. The object appeared to be round or circular in shape, and was extremely bright, much brighter than any star or planet I have ever seen. It was moving slowly from north to south, and was at an estimated altitude of about 3,000 to 4,000 feet. After observing the object for approximately 3 to 5 minutes, it simply disappeared from view. I am unable to account for this disappearance. It did not seem to fade away or move out of sight, but just vanished as if it had been turned off. I am a meteorologist by profession and have observed many celestial objects, both natural and man-made, but I have never seen anything like this before. I can offer no explanation for what I observed.

Respectfully,
S. Davis Childs, M.D.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text:

15 Dec 1963
When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
15 Dec 1963 - L SERGEANT USAF
Also reported to N.Y. 537 Air Force Station
Elmsford, New York 10523
CASE CONSIDERED UNDER INVESTIGATION

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
12-9-63 object very bright white color shape oblong object with flat bottom and rounded top flying very fast at 6:00 p.m. on 12-9-63
near Scarsdale, N.Y.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Mrs. John Snyder First Name
ADDRESS Street White Plains New York 
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 66 SEX F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be relevant.
I do practical writing occasionally. My interests are going outside for an hour every day to see 
what nature has done and to watch the sky for any unusual sightings.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Sgt. Joseph Flaherty Air Indoctrination Center Air Force
N.Y.Y.X.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and extract all the text found in the document:

34. Does you completed this questionnaires:
15
Day
February 
Month
1964
Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. 

Relative to 35 - once as object in the sky
The next day I examined the recording by the recorder hand of my sighting I realized this object up to that time had recorded on tape as a bright white light, which seemed to be rotating and bright at times and at other times dull or subdued. This object was estimated to be about the size of a football or basketball. It was noticed first just as the sun was setting and the object seemed to have a slight tilt or angle from the horizon as it was observed. It had a pulsating light that seemed to flash on and off at different intervals. It remained in view for approximately 45 minutes to an hour and then disappeared from view as the darkness came. There were no wings or tail apparent and no sound was heard. The light was so bright at times it seemed almost blinding in its intensity. At the last, it seemed to diminish in size as it went lower on the horizon. It was a very unusual sighting and I felt it was definitely not an airplane, helicopter, or any known object that I was familiar with. I cannot understand what this object was or where it came from. It was something I had never seen before or can explain.

The sky was very dark at the time. I can recall that the appearance of the object was first noticed as a bright spot in the sky, much like a bright star, but it seemed to be rotating and flashing. It appeared to be hovering at times and at other times seemed to be moving slowly, but there was no definite pattern to its motion. It maintained its position for a considerable length of time and then disappeared from view. As I stated, it was a very unusual sighting and nothing like any other object I have ever seen in the sky. I cannot offer any explanation for what I observed that evening. I was completely mystified by the appearance of this object and its actions. I felt it was something quite different from any conventional aircraft or space vehicle that I have knowledge of.

The object was first sighted in 1963 . was observed to be in position for over an hour and then disappeared. It was a peculiar looking object and did not resemble any conventional aircraft that I am familiar with. Its actions were most unusual and I have no explanation for what it was.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document containing only text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

Linfield College
McMINNVILLE, OREGON

NOVEMBER 1, 1964

Mr. J. A. Hynek,
Department of Astronomy,
Northwestern University, 
Evanston, Illinois.

Dear Mr. Hynek:

Your letter of November 1 is much appreciated, and the more I think about it, the more impressed I am with your report. It has, as I have expressed before, given me a great deal to ponder on, and I want you to know that I am grateful for the time and thought you have put into it.

I have had to refer to my original notes, as a new impression concerning my inquiry about sightings might well have been colored by further thought and discussion. As you have so wisely pointed out, "A sighting is a sighting, and the interpretation of it must be approached with the greatest care." I concur fully with this statement, and I shall try to keep this always before me in dealing with reports.

I must confess, however, that I am still rather puzzled in my own mind as to just what the "proper" approach should be concerning one or two of the cases. As for the more "outrageous" claims of such things as beam of light, control of automobile engines, etc., I am inclined to treat them rather skeptically, at least until further evidence is produced. But in the case of sightings of unidentified objects which appear to exhibit extraordinary performance characteristics, I am not so sure. I realize that the explanation may lie in some quite ordinary phenomenon, but I also realize that we may be dealing with something new and different. And I must confess that I find the latter possibility extremely intriguing.

I think you are quite right in suggesting that we should be extremely cautious in our evaluation of such reports, but I also think we should keep an open mind. There is, after all, much yet to be learned, and the weight of skepticism should not be allowed to close our eyes to new possibilities. As you say, "the right combination of scientific curiosity and healthy skepticism" is the ideal.

I shall try to keep this in mind as I proceed further with my inquiries. And I want to thank you again for the time and trouble you have taken in this matter. It is greatly appreciated, and I feel that I have profited immensely from our exchange of views.

Cordially yours,

[Signature redacted]

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten document with no visible photograph. I will proceed to extract the text from the document:

On December 30, 1955 at 2:00 AM I witnessed a very bright, round, reddish-orange light in the sky which appeared to be a disc. It was motionless for a while then began to move in a southerly direction at a high rate of speed. After about a minute it accelerated and disappeared from sight.

I immediately notified the State Police in White Plains, New York who sent an officer to my home. I gave him a full report of what I had witnessed. About 2 days later I was visited by two Air Force officers who questioned me in detail about the incident. They seemed interested in obtaining any additional information I might have.

The object appeared to be about 50-75 feet in diameter and approximately 500 feet in altitude. It gave off a bright reddish-orange glow which illuminated the surrounding area. It made no sound that I could hear. After it accelerated and disappeared, the sky returned to normal.

This is the only UFO sighting I have ever experienced. I am a mature, responsible person and have no reason to fabricate or exaggerate this incident. I am simply reporting what I actually saw that night.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on official letterhead.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
20 FEB 1964
White Plains, New York
DEAR MR.
A review of the 1963 UFO reports reveals that additional information is essential for evaluation of your sighting. Could you please complete the enclosed form and return it in the envelope provided.
Thank you for reporting this unknown object to the Air Force.
Sincerely, 
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Captain, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used in connection with any data or conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as the data may contain useful details.
1. When did you see the object? 10 December 1963
2. Time of day: 7:30 (Circle One:)  A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One:) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? AT HOME White Plains, New York
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes Seconds
6. Condition of the sky: a. Day: CLEAR b. Night: Sky was slightly overcast
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One:) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text from the document is as follows:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid 
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter 
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _It was much brighter than the brightest star, approaching daylight_

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Sharp and clear
b. Like a bright star
c. Slightly blurred
d. Don't remember 

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
d. Give off smoke? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
e. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
f. Change shape? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
g. Flash or flicker? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 10 -

The image contains a photograph or drawing of three objects, which appear to be UFOs or unidentified aerial phenomena. The drawing is labeled "Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails."

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object went behind the trees and could not be seen.

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind clouds at times.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved in front of clouds at times.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: Circular or Disc-shaped 
b. Color: White or light colored
c. Brightness: Bright and shiny
d. Sound: No sound detected
e. Size: Unable to estimate size

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the known object would have been covered by the match head?
It was impossible to determine the exact size of the object from the distance. 

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
[Drawing of three circular UFO-like objects]

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Where you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No 

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Check those that apply)
a. Binoculars No
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield No
d. Window glass Yes
e. Telescope No
f. Theodolite Yes
g. Other LITTLE EYE GLASSES 1.0 D

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when sighted led to the report on the state which this form was made out:
IT APPEARED TO BE A YELLOW LIGHT AND WAS ABOUT 500 TO 600 FEET UP AND ABOUT 300 FEET AWAY. IT APPEARED TO BE OVAL IN SHAPE AND ABOUT 40 TO 50 FEET IN DIAMETER. IT REMAINED IN ONE POSITION FOR ABOUT 3 TO 4 MINUTES AND THEN BEGAN TO MOVE RAPIDLY AWAY IN A NORTHERLY DIRECTION.

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain a diagram or sketch, but no photograph. The diagram shows a curve representing the motion of an object or objects, along with a compass-like symbol. There are also instructions for the observer to "Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an 'X' at the beginning of the path, a 'Y' at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course." Additionally, there is a question asking "IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling."

Text from the document:

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "Y" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

See answer to 29

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch of a landscape, including a house, trees, and other elements. However, there is no photograph present in this particular image.

Transcribing the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Please draw in the curved line to show how the object was moving according to the Witness (sic) location. This object was observed to your right at the first sighting when you first drew it. Please add any other details you can to the sketch.

Background: ______, White Plains, N.Y. 
Family: _____

1/9/63: 6.27 p.m. - It was a moonlit night, high winds blowing from the southwest. This object was observed from the window of the house going from west to east at a moderate rate of speed at an elevation of approximately 40 to 50 feet from the ground. The object appeared to be round in shape, larger in size than a typical aircraft and was giving off a pulsating white light at irregular intervals. The duration of the sighting was approximately 60 to 90 seconds before disappearing from sight.

- page 14 -

