The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The text on the page describes an encounter with unidentified objects in Yosemite Park, California on August 15, 1964. The report states that three objects were observed in a parallel flight pattern, estimated to be 5-7,000 feet in altitude. The objects were described as daylight observations with no sound or sign of anything, and their altitude made it difficult to determine their size. The objects seemed small even at close range.

FTD FTP-ST-61-0329 (TDE)
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 
15 August 64 15/16/1964
2. LOCATION
Yosemite Park, California
3. SOURCE 
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual  
7. COURSE
West
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No
10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Three objects in formation. Estimated altitude 5-7,000 ft. Parallel flight. Bright silver objects. Daylight observation. Sound of air only, no jet or anything. Altitude would not have been great because sound and sight of object occurred at close range. Objects seemed small even though at close range.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by the witness.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

MERLE PARK, CALIF.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City State Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 2 -

The image contains several photographic elements, including what appears to be a mail stamp, a symbol or logo, and some text. However, the image does not contain any human faces that can be identified or named.

Now, as requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  _9_  _16_  _64_
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.-

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, specifically a Memo Routing Slip.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP 
TO  Dr J Allen Hynek
REMARKS
Per added per your request:
(1) 15 Aug 64, Yosemite, Northern California 
CASE FILE:
(2) 29 Sep 64, Cedar Grove, New Jersey 
CASE FILE:
FROM  PTD (TDEW)  5 Dec 64
DD 1129 .95

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report on unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the Yosemite area of Northern California.

Text extracted from the document:

September 30, 1964

Dear Mr. [REDACTED] and Mr. [REDACTED],

This is in response to your recent letter concerning the sighting of flying objects in the Yosemite area of Northern California.

While your description was very interesting, it was not sufficient detail to enable our investigation to be completed. We are enclosing a form PTP 164 which we are requesting you complete in as much detail as possible, and return. Upon receipt of the completed form, another attempt will be made to analyze this sighting.

Sincerely,

MAJSTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure:
Messrs. [REDACTED] and [REDACTED]
San Francisco, California

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

Gentlemen:

I understand that there is an agency of the government that collects information on reports of unusual flying objects, and this is the purpose of my letter.

My friend and I have just completed a hapsack trip in the remote eastern areas of Yosemite Park, and I have a strange story to relate.

We camped on the southeast side of Henson Lake. At 8:15 a.m. that morning, my friend and I observed two silvery disk-shaped objects in the sky, hovering and then performing maneuvers, zooming up and down, and moving rapidly and erratically in the air. We were both surprised, for the branches of the trees did not move, and a sound we could only liken to that of air friction was audible. The objects appeared to be about two or three diameters in size, and they were so fast that before my friend could locate them, they had disappeared - so fast that before my friend could locate them, they had disappeared.

In the brief moments that I observed them, I was able to clearly see their form. There was a brilliant shimmering, moving metal, and they would have passed over the other two, there was an adjustment and they would float for a time, and then the conventional air and jet noise would resume.

The sound which we both heard was that of air friction only, certainly not jet propulsion - I also assume that the altitude of the objects above us could not have been great because the attitude of the objects above us could not have been great because the sound was so easily audible.

If you would like any further information about our experience, we will be glad to answer any questions.

Sincerely yours,

[Redacted Name]
S.F. Symphony and Opera Orchestras
Conservatory of Music
Yosemite Park, Calif.
Instructor of Mathematics, Woodside High School
Lecturer, Music Dept., Stanford University

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form that appears to be used for recording sightings of unidentified flying objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements that you make. However, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15 AUGUST 1964
2. Time of day:
10:15 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[REDACTED]
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2 MINUTES
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

FTD OCT 28 1964 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is to be used.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a form or questionnaire filled out by a witness.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): None
8.2 MOON (Circle One): Bright moonlight

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear sky
WEATHER (Circle One): Dry

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): Solid

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): Brighter

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): Fuzzy or blurred

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES
b. Change direction? NO
c. Break up into parts or explode? NO
d. Give off another? YES
e. Change brightness? YES
f. Change shape? NO
g. Vanish? YES

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with written responses to various questions about an unidentified object sighting.

THE OBJECT DISAPPEARED FROM FORM VIEW = IN VIEW 

A CLEAR CASE ABOUT = BEHIND

IN FRONT OF: DON'T KNOW

a. SOUND = 
b. COLOR = 

T H E O B J E C T I N MY V I E W S A T I S F A C T O R Y G N D E X T R E M E L Y F U L L Y R I D D E N I N O U R S K I E S 

A T R I A N G U L A R  F I G U R E  P U L S A T I N G  L I G H T  E D G E S  W E R E  W H I L E H C E N T E R P A R T  W A S  R E D

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a questionnaire or form to be filled out by an observer reporting a UFO sighting.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away from you say it was? 5000-7000 FT

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Driving a car?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?
MPH

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other 

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

SPHERE ABOUT 5-10 FEET IN DIAMETER - SLIGHTLY GLOWING - MOVED SLOWLY FROM NORTHWEST TO WEST

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and illustrations related to a UFO report. The diagram includes a compass rose and a sketch of a suggested motion path for the observed object(s). The text on the page appears to be instructions or questions for the observer to fill out.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 11 -

