The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, the United States Air Force's systematic study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted from 1952 to 1969.

OCR Text Output:
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
22 2 November 64
2. LOCATION
Junction City, Kansas
3. SOURCE
Civilian
10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Approx. 15 mins
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-visual
7. COURSE
Not Reported
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

[BEGIN OCR OUTPUT]
AFP
Union City Information

November 5, 1964

Space Administration, Ifc.
Washington D.C.

Dear sir:

My friend and I have been seeing strange lights in the sky. We think they are spacecraft from another planet. We don't know what to make of it. When we try to investigate, they go dark and disappear. We would like to report this experience to someone who could tell us more.

We saw the lights on November 4 at about 12-14 p.m. They were very bright and were moving in the sky in a zigzag pattern. They seemed to be controlled from somewhere. At one point they stopped and hovered for a few minutes. Then they took off at a very high speed.

[END OCR OUTPUT]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a scanned document or page from a Project Blue Book report.

Output of the text found in the document:

We think you would be glad to send us a sample of whatever is shown on the object or photo. We get good snaps, especially in France. We get lots of sightings when there are no clouds, especially when the moon is at quite a good size.

Junction City, Kansas
66441

Space Administration Ht. ?'
Washington D.C.
HQ MTV TC 11 6 AUG
012 D 1329M O.33M

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report.

24 November 1964

Dear Messrs Whitesaker and Wolford:

With reference to your letter of November - in which you reported observing an unidentified flying object. Attached is a copy of AF Form 164. It is requested that you complete the form as fully as possible and return it to this office for further evaluation.

With reference to your query on sending boys from college education, there are many college students who have reported seeing unexplained aerial phenomena. The Air Force maintains a continuing interest in gathering all factual data which may have a bearing on the subject.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerospace Information Division
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter on what appears to be official letterhead.

Department of the air Force
Office of the Adjutant General
Washington, D.C. 
Dear sir:   
We are sorry to say this but some- thing we have seen indicates that the unusual aerial activity which you reported to us may have a more mundane explanation.  

While we share your interest in the unusual, it is our policy to respond only to those reports which can be shown to involve actual aerial phenomena of scientific interest. information that suggests a natural or mechanical origin for an observed event is not considered worth further investigation on our part. 

We appreciate your taking the time to share your observations with us, and we hope you will understand that this letter is not meant to dismiss your concerns, but rather to explain our limited role in this type of matter.

Sincerely yours,

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). The page does not contain any photograph, but rather it appears to be an envelope or mailing cover addressed to the "SAFO, Department of the Air Force, Office of the Secretary, United States Air Force, Washington, D.C.".

OCR Output:

Junction City, Kansas
66401
Office Business
SAFO
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a letter dated December 29, 1964, from Major Maston M. Jacks of the Office of Information, Public Information Division, to a person whose name is redacted. The letter states that the requested copy of AF Form 164 is attached.

Text extracted from the document:

29 December 1964 

Dear Messrs. 

Attached as requested is a copy of AF Form 164. 

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
AF Form 164

Messrs.
Junction City Kansas

- page 7 -

