The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document showing a Project 10073 Record Card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 19 Apr 64
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 3X Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes 26 No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 7-10 Minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Hazy night after storm. Scattered clouds. Two fogs. Object as hashed as full moon. Obj. changed brightness, shape and size. Appeared to be climbing, changed to side of basketball, color. Observed at 45 deg elevation. Speed of ECHO was fast. Distance seen that of light a/c in flight. Several observers, so true.
11. COMMENTS: Possible searchlight observation. Ascenderic conditions and general description of observation in record will add analyze.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 1-17-64
2. Time of day: 9:15 A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Home, Dayton, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration): 1 Minute
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Continuously
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observer's experience of seeing an unidentified object in the sky.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: (blank)

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and show how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment in the viewing of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc.; and especially show the trail or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 6,000 to 7,500 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 3/4 to 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 60 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Bright, round, fast moving object in the sky.

Text extracted from the image:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 6,000 to 7,500 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 3/4 to 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 60 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Bright, round, fast moving object in the sky.

- page 5 -

The image contains a diagram showing an object above the horizon and how to indicate its position using "A" and "B" points. It also contains a compass rose diagram. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. It appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions about sighting a UFO.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes / No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, AGE, SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
(Day, Month, Year)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a handwritten response to a questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4 Day 8 Month Year 4

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
About 7:15 p.m. on March 24, 1964, I observed a bright light in the sky over Dayton, Ohio. The object appeared to be oval in shape and seemed to change color from white to green. It made no sound and remained in the sky for approximately 45 minutes before disappearing. I could not determine the distance or altitude of the object, but it was clearly visible in the evening sky.

- page 8 -

