The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 5 May 64
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0617
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 hr 30 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Obj described as a steady glowing light. High clouds gave appearance of being fuzzy. At 45 deg elev on in NW.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be handled with appropriate security, and will not be released in any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 5 May 1964 
2. Time of day: 3 : 55 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Middletown, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Timing with clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright b. NIGHT: Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? Night observation

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The image appears to be a questionnaire or report form with various questions and answer options related to observing and describing unidentified flying objects.

8. if you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON:
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. As a light e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects: Five times as bright as... (write in)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No d. Give off smoke? Yes No e. Change brightness? Yes No f. Change shape? Yes No g. Flash or flicker? Yes No h. Disappear and reappear? Sustaining white trail gone.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and a handwritten response.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered yes, describe: Moved in/out of my sight behind a building

16. Did the object get in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): No Yes Don't Know. If you answered yes, describe: . 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Bright white lights, cone shaped

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? (If you have not performed this experiment, write "Not performed".) Very much larger than the match head. About a minute wide, or more.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any wings, tail, exhaust trails, etc., and specifically show the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[The handwritten drawing and description appears to show a cone-shaped object with an upward pointing arrow.]

Output all the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered yes, describe: Moved in/out of my sight behind a building  

16. Did the object get in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): No Yes Don't Know. If you answered yes, describe:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Bright white lights, cone shaped

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? (If you have not performed this experiment, write "Not performed".) Very much larger than the match head. About a minute wide, or more.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any wings, tail, exhaust trails, etc., and specifically show the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

The text visible in the image is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No  [Respondent's answer: Estimating]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [Respondent's answer: Further out]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
c. In open country-side
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. h.
24.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No d. Window glass Yes No f. Telescope Yes No h. Other [Respondent's answers]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as [Respondent's answer]

- page 5 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  
YES 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Radio Station WPFB (REDACTED)
Also Worked by the WPFB employee

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (REDACTED) (REDACTED)
ADDRESS: (REDACTED) Franklin, (REDACTED)
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (REDACTED)
AGE: 33  SEX: Male
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be relevant: 
Engineer, Radio Station WPFB, Middletown

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
5 - Day   May - Month   1964 - Year  
to the Duty Officer - PFTD

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, with handwritten instructions and diagrams.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compare where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that

- page 7 -

The image contains a sketch with instructions and a compass-like diagram. The instructions ask the viewer to imagine being at a specific point and provide directions for placing markings on the diagram to indicate the position and trajectory of an observed object. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page is a questionnaire form, and the relevant section states "This report filled out by OD/FTD" indicating it was completed by someone from the Office of Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations and Plans, and the Directorate of Information Services, which were part of the United States Air Force. The rest of the text on the form is legible and appears to be a fill-in form, but does not contain any additional information beyond what is visible in the image.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:	 - Day	 May - Month

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

This report filled out by OD/FTD

- page 9 -

