There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains text fields with various details about a UFO sighting observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 29 Apr 64
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local - night
5. PHOTOS: No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 - 2 seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Observations of white or green stars flying through the sky on several occasions.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Probably Astronomical

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

april 29,64

sir army capt 
i am going to write a letter you . i hope 
you get a letter thats i wonted tell truth 
you about why sauen maybe you believe 
me what be i will say to you.

i saw newspaper says flying sauen 
Report was new but this happen to me 19 or 20 years i went looking i always 
love watchedd the stars by a window 
while i am rest on old roof window.
at saw it someting went over the sky
about 2 sec . it was someting look like 
a moon little bit differ color. my mind 
was think what man something seen 
to sky till away i watchray + ran 
to see another, i knew it that i seen 
them but i never show was turn mould 
diffrend color, where cant mind, 
later afteroon the saw the newpaper 
was told man who came travlling 
to canton, o. he say the sauen were 
light green when on canton, o. the 
news called: police been too, over.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

My brother was surprised and took the shot I fired
he gathered; & had us kill a few people
Another knew about 8:45 p.m. when it was over. This happened in Coshocton, O. last few years on January 20 1964 (about 8:45 pm) We moved north to a wooded hill & while I walk to the kitchen, I drink of water, but I can show again. Last few years not about 8:45 pm the time we went. I just turned night from while. It was 8:45 on the easy. I worried help your neighbor
A first warning you change better than stats to highly frightened manner static with the many apparently fly some who
My Rt. Coshocton, Ohio

- page 3 -

