The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report template from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION
3. SOURCE
10. CONCLUSION
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE

The text in the image does not contain any additional information beyond the form fields and labels.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
to whom it may concern:
The object was seen in the evening of July 19. It was observed rather vaguely at about 8:45 p.m. [sic] from our location. Unfortunately some obstructions of trees, etc. blocked a full view of the object from our location. We did observe, however, that the object was quite bright and self-luminous. It was intensely white in color and seemed to flare up for a brief period, then diminishing in brightness.
The object moved at a relatively high speed and appeared to be heading in a generally southwest direction. The object that flew over was quite high up, probably several thousand feet in altitude. It was flying erratically, making abrupt turns and changes in speed. From our angle of observation, the size of the object appeared to be rather small, perhaps about the size of a star or planet when viewed through binoculars. 
The color of the object was a brilliant white, very intense and bright. It did not seem to leave any trail or exhaust behind it. We lost sight of the object as it flew off to the southwest. We were only able to observe it for a short period of time, probably less than a minute.
After considering the various possibilities, we feel that the object we observed was undoubtedly an unidentified flying object of unknown origin. I hope this report is of some assistance. Please let me know if you require any additional information.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a handwritten document or report. The text in the document discusses a sighting or encounter related to a "UFO" or unidentified flying object.

Transcribed text from the document:

"There was no air craft. It was quiet, no noise. There were no lights other than the illumination of the object itself. I gave the object close observation and watched it move away slowly and disappear. This was seen about 8:30 PM July 1964. The object appeared to be about 20 to 30 feet in diameter and about 10 to 15 feet thick. It did not appear to be a conventional aircraft of any kind. I believe this object to be a UFO. I am an engineer by profession and have observed many aircraft in my lifetime but this was unlike any I have ever seen before."

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten sketch or drawing. The sketch depicts an undefined shape or silhouette, along with some text and other scribbles. There are no clear photographic elements present in this image.

As an OCR system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

11 5-1 4

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS 
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:     TDEV

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information (...)

TO: HQ USAF SA/OI PD (Mrs. Gaines)
REFERENCE: The attached letter from Morrow, Ohio. The object observed by Mr. (...) and his wife during the evening of 15 Jul 64, near the Morrow, Ohio, airport, is the subject of this request.

PERIOD OF SIGHTING: While the duration was not reported, the incident occurred between 2030 and 2040 hours. 

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM C. ODOM, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Systems

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated September 2, 1964.

Text from the document:

September 2, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference is made to a report of an unidentified flying object made by you and firm [redacted] on August 28, 1964. The object observed is described as being disc-shaped, with an estimated size of 40-50 feet in diameter. The duration of the sighting was approximately 2 minutes.

While the duration of the sighting was not a brief one, the speed of this object was not exceptional. During the final portion of the sighting, the object appeared to accelerate and then disappeared.

Thank you for reporting this observation to Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Documentation Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
[redacted]
Mason, Ohio

- page 6 -

