The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO reports. The document is a Project 10073 Record that includes information such as the date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, physical evidence, and conclusion.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 19 October 64, 1945
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: Straight-line
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Unidentified (CIRIUS)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

26 Oct 64
At approximately 1220 p.m. of University of Dayton called. Last night, 25 Oct 64 at 10:50 p.m. saw an object. He was going last on Riverside Road, stopped for traffic light at Shroyer Road, looking east at object fell in blazing flame. Thought maybe it was space debris. Saw for a few seconds. 30 deg angle played out to Blue-Red. Towards and more dropping then straight flight. Little to south of Mount Saint John appeared to come from north. (Mount Saint John is approximately three to four miles from corner of Shroyer and Patterson)
At 1600 hours we called SPADATS. No decxy reports for that time as yet.
M/R 70150 Called Flight Ops. Will check with tower operators on duty and call back for possible observation that night. Return call indicated that operators did not observe meteor or anything unusual at the time of the sighting.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning any unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements that you make, unless this is particular information that you would like to have used. It is possible that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 19 OCT 64
2. Time of day: 2255 HOUR Minute
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? DAYTON, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 5 Minutes 45 Seconds
5-1 How was the time in sight determined? a. Accurately b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess
5-2 Was object in sight continuously? (Yes)
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Night c. Bright d. Clear e. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right

FTO FD 830 21 164 This form supersedes FTO 830 21 5, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with various questions and response options related to the sighting of a UFO.

STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Don't remember

MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

OBJECT (Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Don't remember 

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Sharp and clear
d. Other LARGER THAN A SHOOTING STAR

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shapes? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Also cast a cigar-shaped shadow? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about an unidentified object.

Text output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
N.A.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of ___

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound N/A
b. Color WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1 INCH

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, likely containing a questionnaire or report form related to a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Traveling by automobile?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ______________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

There appears to be no photograph in this particular page of the document. The image contains a graphical illustration with a compass and a drawing of an object moving through the sky.

The text in the document reads:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline). Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where you first saw it. Place a "C" on the same curved line to show where it disappeared when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a form with questions about a reported sighting of an unidentified object.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? No
Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? Yes, they also saw the object.
Please list their names and addresses: Name and address redacted.
Please give the following information about yourself: Name, address, telephone number, age, sex, and additional information including any special experience redacted.
When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 9-7-64, U.S. DUTY OFFICER, NEWTON, DAYTON, OHIO

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire or report form. The text in the image is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a more adequate explanation of your sighting:

UFO TELEPHONE TO MISS QUINTANILLA

FOR HIM AND INVESTIGATE FURTHER QUESTION.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 October 64 - 2605052
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Few Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. WEATHER CONDITIONS: Clear
8. DESCRIPTION OF OBSERVATION: Object falling in a blazing flame. Falling at 20 deg angle. Blue red color slightly toward end of flight. Thought to be possible space debris by observer.
9. CONCLUSION: ASTRONOMICAL (METEOR)
10. No decay reported for this date. Case evaluated as a.
11. Check with 24-hour control indicated no decays for this date.

- page 10 -

