The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project 10073 Record Card documenting a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 20 Apr 64
2. LOCATION: Big Bend Natl. Park, Texas
3. TIME GROUP: Local 2200
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15-30 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
9. COURSE: Southerly
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Solid object observed on bright clear dry night. Appeared as a light. Same as a star. Disappeared behind mountain peak. No blinking, like planet. Observed to West at about 15 deg elevation. Object moving to South.
11. COMMENTS: While it was moving Sk at 9:42 PM moving NE at 15 deg elevation to the West of the observer. Object with satellite characteristics. Only fact not in accord with observation is duration. Possible overestimation on this one element.
12. CONCLUSIONS: ECHO II

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image shared. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by an observer who has witnessed an unidentified flying object.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you or the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State 
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 / - / 64
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
4705' 1. 5060 . 5701
S  N
(Distance of Approximation U.S. East  Sas. an. angle, Azimuth 010 . imm sec.)

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document with handwritten text.

2-28-62
Some time ago, Mr. H..........
contacted this office with a 
report of seeing an unusual 
light or object in the vicinity 
of the Big Bend National Park, 
Texas, on December 26, 1961.

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an empty postcard or document with some text and a postmark in the top right corner. The text in the postmark reads "APR 14 1964" and "U.S. POSTAGE TX".

Text from the document:
None

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with only a vertical line running through the center.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

ACTIVITY REPORT FOR MAY 1964 
MONTH OF MAY 1964

SUMMARY OF UFOB REPORTS RECEIVED DURING MAY 1964

Number of Reports Received: 47 
Number Explained: 24 
Number Unidentified: 23

EXPLANATIONS:

Astronomical Phenomenon - 8 
Aircraft - 9 
Weather Balloon - 3 
Other - 4

UNIDENTIFIED:

No Further Information - 14 
Insufficient Information - 9

- page 6 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, likely part of a Project Blue Book report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? Day 19 Month 4 Year 64
2. Time of day: Hour 10 Minutes 30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 115 Mi SW of Santones, Tex.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 1 Minutes 0 Seconds 0
5.1 How was time in sight determined? judged by witness
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answers related to the observer's experience with an unidentified object seen at night.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes/No/Don't know, etc.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed UFO object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
  (Circle One):   Yes     No     Don't Know.
  IF you answered YES, then tell what:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
  (Circle One):   Yes     No     Don't Know. 
  IF you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
  a. Sound
  b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and tell us how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or survey form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One for each)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

- page 10 -

The image contains a diagram with instructions asking the viewer to sketch the motion and direction of an observed object. There is also a compass rose diagram provided. However, the image does not contain any actual photographs.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

