The image does not contain any photographs or visual evidence. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document with various fields filled out, such as the date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, and physical evidence.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 23 OCTOBER 64, 23/3330
2. LOCATION: Cleveland, Ohio
3. SOURCE: AIR FORCE PERSONNEL
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
7. COURSE: STRAIGHT
8. PHOTOS: NONE
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE
10. CONCLUSION: (INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer reports seeing a bright light, which appeared to increase in size, then decrease in size, and then disappear on the evening of 23 October 1964. Observer could not determine altitude or distance of object. No other observations were reported. Insufficient data is available to evaluate this report.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a series of questions and answer fields.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes - it just disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: none b. Color: silver - metallic

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known or reference object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? What is your estimate of the object's apparent size as compared to the match head? small here was covering (angle covered by object match size)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Please try to indicate the direction the object was moving.

The above text is the OCR output of the document.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) 
Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over open country
f. Flying over water
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, the complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes No
b. Sun glasses   Yes No
c. Windshield   Yes No
d. Window glass  Yes No
e. Binoculars   Yes  No
f. Telescope    Yes No
g. Viewfinder   Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing instructions and diagrams related to observing and describing UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object (skyline) when you lost sight of it. Places a "C" on the curve where you first saw the object (skyline) when you began again to see it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 57 SEX: [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be helpful.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information regarding unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used in connection with any available additional information to assist in determining whether the object or phenomenon is of significant technical intelligence interest that if it is deemed necessary, they will contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 29 day, OCT. 9 YEAR 64

2. Time of day: 16 hour (Circle One): A.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern   b. Central   c. Mountain   d. Pacific   e. Other 

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address - Oakwood, Ohio 

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2.5 Hours Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day: Partly Cloudy
b. Night: Cloudy 

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the (Circle One): a. In front of you   b. To your right   c. To your left   d. Behind you

FTD DCT 65 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the witness's observation of the UFO.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Less
b. Same
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moon
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or dart away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Give off beams or rays of light or flame? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? They did not disappear. 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none, silent
b. Color: white, clear

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known size of the object. If you had performed this exercise, how much of the match stick would the object have covered? all of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Please on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 

22. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
(Circle One)
a. Within 1/2 mile
b. In a near building
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West 
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No 
b. Binoculars Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.

- page 9 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions for a UFO sighting report. There is no photograph present in this page.

The text in the image is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the skyline where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

East divergent

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO except 7:30 P.M.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 57 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which mig[ht] be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 11 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide may be of great value to us, and will be treated in strict confidence. We request this personal information that it is deemed necessary for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 23 OCT 64
2. Time of day: 9 Hour (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Dr. City or Town
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 22 Second
6. Certain PARTLY Certain Not very sure just a guess
6.1 How was time in sight determined? 6.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
7. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day c. Cloudy
8. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 4. To your left

FTD GEP 5 164 This form supersedes FTD GFP 184, Jul 44, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image contains a form with questions and answers about an observed object, including details about the stars and moon, weather conditions, the object's appearance, and its behavior. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Lights
c. Transparent
d. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:___________________

12. The shape of the object (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 13 -

