The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form used for a Project 10073 record. The form includes various fields such as date-time group, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and physical evidence.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 22/0515Z
3. SOURCE: Observation 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 min
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: 360 deg
9. PHOTOS: No
10. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information Division, likely part of Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please be as specific as many questions as you can answer. This information that you give will be held in confidence by the Air Force and will not be released to news media, magazines, newspapers, individuals, organizations, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 22 Day 2 Month 64 Year

2. Time of day: 5.30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific 

4. Where were you when you saw the object? ADDRESS: Maria Street, CITY or TOWN: Marietta, STATE: Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes 20 Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY b. NIGHT c. BRIGHT d. CLOUDY 

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document that contains a questionnaire with various questions about an observed object at night.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None  
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Don't moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same 
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______________________________________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change color?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes     Don't know
Yes     Don't know
Yes     Don't know
Yes     Don't know
Yes     Don't know
Yes     Don't know
Yes     Don't know
Yes     Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a questionnaire with handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The handwritten response states: "Quite suddenly appeared over the horizon"

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The handwritten response states: "Yes".

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The handwritten response states: "Yes".

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: The handwritten response describes the sound as "Silent ascended rapidly".
b. Color: The handwritten response describes the color as "Luminous white, quite brilliant".

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The handwritten response provides a numerical value, but without any context, I cannot interpret it accurately.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The handwritten response describes the observed object as "quite small, round in shape, and rapidly ascending into the clouds", and includes a crude sketch of the object's trajectory.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image included in this document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report. The page appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions and options for the witness to respond to.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Not clearly legible, but appears to mention the object's speed.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Not clearly legible, but appears to mention the object's distance.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Where were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? Not clearly legible, but appears to mention speed in miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No 
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No
e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
Not clearly legible, but appears to contain a handwritten description of what the witness saw.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The diagram appears to be a technical illustration of some kind, possibly related to the tracking or observation of an unidentified flying object.

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object. Draw an arrow to show how the object was moving when you first saw it. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture to show how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCRED TEXT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or place and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
   YES      NO
31.1 If yes, answer YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
   YES      NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
NAME WITHHELD, Marietta, Ohio
ADDRESS WITHHELD

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME WITHHELD
ADDRESS WITHHELD, Street, CITY, Ohio, Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER WITHHELD
AGE 46 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Recently and twice other objects have been in the air twice. The object hovered and was visible all evening. The object gave off no sound.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
17 22       July    1964
  Day       Month     Year

CAPT. AIR CENTER, 4777 570

- page 7 -

