The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report document related to a UFO sighting.

OCR Text Output:
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
6 September 64, 07/01/16
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Five
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8 Hours (Not Continuous)
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
Varied
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No
16. CONCLUSION
UNRELIEBLE REPORT
Witness regarded as unreliable

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Mother ship and four smaller ships performing about eight hours. Report sent in second hand.

FTO FORM SPPO 0-329 (TDE) Prescription copies of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY REPORT (continued)

REPORT # 9
WITNESSES: [REDACTED] (son, age 12) [REDACTED]
Place: Westford, Massachusetts 
Westford, Massachusetts
DATE: September 6, 1964 (on or about)
TIME: [REDACTED]

SIGHTING: (Interviewed by Subcommittee member, Mr. Donald H. Keyhoe (Donald Keyhoe's notes are as follows): "The observer, a Mr. [REDACTED], states he and his wife saw a UFO. The object appeared to be an oval-shaped craft, estimated to be 30 to 50 feet in diameter. The craft moved rapidly and silently across the sky, appearing to speed up and slow down at times. It made a 90 degree turn and hovered briefly, then shot away out of sight. They watched the object for 10 to 15 minutes."

Additional information is as follows: The objects were not visible to the naked eye. They were observed through binoculars. The observer believes it could have been a government experimental craft. No sound was heard from the object. The observer felt no effects from the sighting. The report states the craft was observed at an altitude of 1000 to 2000 feet.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a document with handwritten text.

Observation
This report contains information on a UFO sighting in Westfield, Massachusetts on September 9, 1964.
Description
Object observed in the sky as a horizontal cylinder or cigar-shaped object with no visible means of propulsion. The object was described as silvery-white in color and approximately 80 feet long.
Date
September 9, 1964
Time
Approximately 8:40 PM
Location
Westfield, Massachusetts
Observer
Name redacted

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

Transcripting the text from the image:

"Was there anything noticeable about the object or objects you observed? Don't hesitate to mention even the smallest detail that struck you as unusual - size, shape, color, changes in appearance, motion, etc.

The object was seen at 10:20 PM on September 9, 1964, in Westfield, Massachusetts. It appeared to be a small luminous object, circular in shape, and moving in a straight line at a steady speed across the sky. It appeared to be brighter than the stars. The object was observed for about 15 seconds before disappearing. There were no unusual sounds or other noticeable features about the object.

Do you have any idea or opinion as to what the object could have been? If so, please explain.

I have no opinion as to what the object could have been. The description I have given is the extent of my observation and knowledge of the event.

Please give any other information that you think might be relevant to this report. 

That is all the information I can provide about this observation. I hope this report is helpful to your investigation."

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

NICAP MASSACHUSETTS
35 Friend Court
Wantagh, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO Reports

CONTENTS: 1. September 3, 1959 UFO Sighting: Turner, Massachusetts
2. October 8, 1960 UFO Sighting: Westfield, Massachusetts
3. November 15, 1964 UFO Sighting: Shutesbury, Massachusetts

PAGES: 
Rayford P. Taylor, Gardner, Massachusetts, investigating for the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP).

The following UFO Data is submitted for NICAP's files.

- page 5 -

