There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. The image shows a form with various fields filled out, but no visual depiction of a UFO or other object.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20/09/52 - 20/10002
2. LOCATION: Clinton, Iowa - Littleton, Illinois 
3. CONCLUSIONS: UNIDENTIFIED
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 60 Sec 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: Zig-zag
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Unusual light estimated at 7,000 ft. APEX of triangular halo of light, direction of flight from NE to SW and circled three times until it disappeared from sight. Way passed us in front of car shadow came up from behind and hovered over us for a few seconds powered with mixture too rich because of the exhaust was sputtering. All lights were medium-bright. Object made sharp loop and climbed to 3,500 ft and hovered for two. Shared like ice cream cone up toward sky and down.
FTD SSFE 63-0329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Illinois Headquarters Selective Service System addressed to Major R. P. Casalaspro, Commander of the 277th Selective Service Squadron.

The text of the document is as follows:

ILLINOIS HEADQUARTERS
SELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM
309 EAST WASHINGTON STREET
SPRINGFIELD, ILLINOIS 62701
22 July 1964

Major R. P. Casalaspro
Commander
277th Selective Service Squadron
Selfridge Air Force Base, D. C.

Dear Major Casalaspro:

If you think it appropriate I wonder if you would be kind enough to forward the attached report of a "flying saucer" to the Air Force office which is concerned with such phenomena.

Mr.        who submits this report, is a 63 3 clerk employed at this Headquarters for the past two years. He is honorably discharged from the Army after more than three years service in World War II. He is 52 years of age.

Mr.        is generally regarded at this Headquarters as a completely honest and reliable person. For this reason we consider it advisable to bring his report available to the Air Force.

This office as well as Mr.        would be most interested in knowing whether it develops that there is some explanation for the phenomenon.

Sincerely yours,

FOR THE STATE DIRECTOR

F. B. WOODWORTH
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Deputy State Director

Enclosure

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph or sketch depicting a flying object that the witness describes as a "flying saucer". The object is described as being shaped like the cream of an ice cream cone, and the witness has provided a diagram to illustrate its appearance from various angles.

Illinois State Selective Service System
405 East Washington Street
Springfield, Illinois 62701
22 July 1964  

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

At about 4:45 a.m. on 20 July 1964 I was driving eastbound through a wooded area on State Route 101 about two miles west of Fulton, Illinois, when I noticed a shadowy cone-shaped object, with fire jetting out of the bottom, rise straight upward over the trees in front and to the side of me at a distance of perhaps one mile.

My first thought was that it was a jet plane, then I decided it was a rocket powered cone-shaped object. I recall thinking that their rocket exhaust was too rich as the sparks or flames were reddish purple. I then realized I might be looking at a "flying saucer."

As I continued driving eastward the object climbed to about 1500 feet and leveled off, coming directly toward me. At that moment it extended a large sunflower with yellow petals sticking out all around it; I was looking at its front side and the petals were the rocketsparks flaming out around the edges. This lasted only a second or two, then it made a sharp loop upward and almost reversed its course, leveling off at about 3500 feet and heading almost due east. It was as if the generator had gotten a bit of a quiver, making a ball of fire, and in a very few seconds it was completely out of sight.

This flying object, as I saw it, was shaped like the cream of an ice cream cone with the rocketsparks where the smaller part is. I would guess it was about 60 feet in diameter. I have drawn the attached sketch to show how the object looked to me in the various positions in which I saw it. I cannot say whether it was ascending from the ground at the moment I first saw it or whether it may have been flying at tree top level when I saw it making its flight straight upward.

The sky was clear and still dark, although it was beginning to turn gray in the east. I was alone in my car. There was no other traffic on the highway in that vicinity. My car windows were up because of the cool weather and I heard no unusual sounds. The whole incident as described above probably took no more than one minute.

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, but rather hand-drawn sketches. The sketches appear to depict two unidentified flying objects or UFOs, with some written text or annotations next to them.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

UNABLE TO IDENTIFY
OBJECT OBSERVED
ON 4 AUG 64
CLINTON, IOWA

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report regarding a UFO sighting.

HEADQUARTERS 
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:	TDERN

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: 9Q USAF SAPOI FD (Mrs. Gaiser)

We have received an unidentified flying object report from Joseph M. Kaparas, our initial report did not contain sufficient information for us to analyze. We are sending that information to you.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Illegible signature]
Chief, Foreign Technology Division
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a letter dated August 27, 1964 from Maston M. Jacks of the United States Air Force to an unnamed recipient. The letter discusses a response to a previous letter dated July 22, 1964, which appears to have reported an unusual object observed in the Littleston, Illinois area. The letter indicates that the original report did not contain sufficient information to allow for a proper evaluation, and requests additional information for a supplementary investigation.

Text output:

August 27, 1964

Dear Mr. __________,

This is in response to your letter of July 22, 1964, in which you reported observing an unusual object in the Littleston, Illinois area.

Since your report did not contain sufficient information to allow our investigators to make an evaluation, we are unable to provide a definitive statement concerning the sighting.

We would appreciate receiving any additional details you can supply, such as the exact time, duration, direction of movement, color, size, shape, and altitude of the object. This information would be most helpful in our efforts to determine the nature of the sighting.

If you are able to furnish further data, please forward it to this office for a supplementary investigation.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Chief, Information Division
Office of Information
TO: Illinois Headquarters
Sensitive Servo System
505 East Washington Street
Springfield, Ill. 62701

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form for reporting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for statistical purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information be that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 30 July 1964 
2. Time of day: 6 Hours 15 Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): c. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Littleton, Illinois
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Seconds
6. a. Certain b. Fairly certain
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circles One): c. In back of you

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form to be filled out with information about an observed object in the night sky. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now transcribe all the text present in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Steady
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moon
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

9.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

9.2 WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist or haze
c. Raining or snowing
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[empty]

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and take off? Yes (No) Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes (No) Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes (No) Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes (No) Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes (No) Don't know
g. Flare up briefly? Yes (No) Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No) Don't know

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY 
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
July 15, 1964

Major Hector Quintanilla
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

On December 23 both Bill Lowered and I talked with a - - - who is a 292-3 from Clinton, Iowa. This man called us from Clinton and said he had sighted something in the sky which appeared to be odd. He said it was visible for several minutes and at times it appeared to be shooting out colored light beams. He thought that perhaps the object was hovering over or passing around there is little chance of anything new to report. It is a pity that the sighting did not last longer.

Going back to what I said, the short conversation was a loss because no details as to size, shape, color, direction of travel, and time in detail - I call us just why we were asked! ? I'm afraid we wasted quite a bit of time on a new hint if it turned out the be a familiar phenomenon.

However, there are some points which came out of the conversation, and I'd like to pass them on to you. First of all, his story seemed coherent, and he did not appear to be a nut case. Furthermore, he does not have any axe to grind. Rather pedestrian, as a matter of fact, and hardly able to be excited or imaginary.

He made the claim that he got several similar sightings within the last year, and he seemed quite confident that what he saw now was not a mistake. This time it did not happen at night, but in early evening, and its rather unusual characteristics did impress him. Namely, the shooting beams of colored light. 

I'm not too sure just what to make of the independent sighting near Clinton, Iowa. It is a disappointment that the observance was so short and that details are so meagre. What little I could pick up, however, does not lead me to suspect a hoax or that the fellow was intentionally misleading. We'll have to hope that if other sightings occur in the area, they may be more substantial.

Sincerely,

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a map showing roads and other geographic features, but it does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now extract and output all the text found in the document:

AATUS
1964-07-8727519-Clinton-Iowa.pdf10.txt

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a map or table, but does not include any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

Dealers displaying this are well acquainted with their areas, and are qualified to give you accurate, on-the-spot information as to roads, scenic places to visit and sleep, local points of interest, attractions, and other helpful suggestions to add to the pleasure of your trip.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a map of an area. The map appears to be a detailed road map of the region around Chicago, Illinois, showing various cities, towns, and roads in the area.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
COMPLAINT DATA
1964-07-8727519 
Clinton, Iowa
July 8, 1964

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a topographic map of a region. It does not contain any photographs. 

Text from the document:

SIGHTING REPORT
Date of Sighting: July 8, 1964
Location: Clinton, Iowa
Witnesses: Not Stated
Description: Not Stated
Conclusions: Not Stated

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a black and white map. It does not contain any photographic elements. Instead, it shows a detailed road map of an area, likely in the Midwestern United States, with numerous roads and county lines visible.

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will transcribe the text from the document:

Road Map Clinton Iowa
Clinton
Davenport
Mount Carroll
Fulton
Geneseo
Annawan
Princeton
Wyanet
Bureau
Henry
Atkinson
Kewanee
Prophetstown
Tampico
Yorktown
Colona
Sherrard
Moline
Rock Island
Silvis
Orion
Osco
Galva
Oneida
Knoxville
Wataga
Williamsfield
Alexis
Monmouth
New Boston
Oquawka
Burlington
Fort Madison
West Burlington
Muscatine
Wilton
Nichols
Lone Tree
West Liberty
North Liberty
Iowa City
Coralville
Lisbon
Mount Vernon
Anamosa
Monticello
Maquoketa
Delmar
DeWitt
Calamus
Lost Nation
Wheatland
Eldridge
McCausland
Donahue
Bettendorf
LeClaire
Dixon
Princeton
Calamus

- page 14 -

The image appears to be a map showing roads and small towns in an area, but there is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Text Extracted from the Document:

Project Blue Book report
Date: 8 July 1964
Location: Clinton, Iowa
Witness statement:
On (deleted) 1964, at approximately 10:00 p.m., (name deleted) witnessed an unidentified flying object in the vicinity of Clinton, Iowa. The object was described as round, colored orange, and emitting a bright light. It was observed for approximately 15 minutes.
Investigator's comments:
The witness's description of the object appears to be consistent with other sightings of unidentified flying objects. No further information is available.

- page 15 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten annotations.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"I'm writing this just as those described in his letter, and the said sighted it, which I am inclined to agree with their conclusions - around 9:30 pm on that date. I have known these witnesses for some time, and I have no reason to doubt their statements.

As I seem to be the only one in the original number, if would have passed it on to the UFO squad. It would have seemed the proper thing to do.

The size of the object or detail and was very careful. In dimension it seemed to be much larger than those seen before. Apparently he was not afraid but more curious to find out what it really was.

There was a trace of ground fog, about as high as a car.

Although the citizens, town sighting seems at first without some hestancy (sic) the said did confirm that they had noticed that earlier. Liberties, they also seemed to be rather sure, you will notice they even seem to be more certain than the original observers of the situation.

So much for that case, to be have an official report on the memo case of April 11, 1964. This was the very strange smoke trail seen. On the ground, found no trace of landing. They have been gone back and examined thoroughly. No evidence for any landing.

Cordially,"

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of Public Safety, Division of State Police, regarding a "Sighting of 'Unidentified Object' in Sky" reported by Captain J.H. Cramer of District #1.

The text of the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY
DIVISION OF STATE POLICE
OFFICE MEMORANDUM

TO: Major Thomas L. O'Connor - Civil Defense
FROM: Captain J.H. Cramer - District #1
DATE: JULY 22, 1964
SUBJECT: SIGHTING OF "UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT" IN SKY

I am forwarding herewith self-explanatory memos on the above subject matter.

Kindly handle as you see fit.

RHC/RHR/vs

- page 17 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Department of Public Safety Division of State Police document describing a report of a sighting of a fiery object in the sky, written by Lowell F. Buffett, USAF. The document is addressed to Eratus Wilson Koshar, Jr. and dated July 20, 1964. It provides details about the sighting and indicates that a written report of the incident was forwarded to the appropriate authorities.

Text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY
DIVISION OF STATE POLICE

TO: Eratus Wilson Koshar, Jr.
FROM: Dale Raymond E. Folkerts #307
DATE: 20 JULY 1964
SUBJECT: Report of Sighting Fiery Object in Sky - 
Written Report of AIC Lowell F. BUFFETT, USAF.

At approximately 7:00 AM, July 20, 1964 I was advise to proceed to the scene at Jet. U.S. 20 & U.S. 51 where a subject had reported seeing fiery object in the air.

Upon arrival I talked to Lowell F. Buffett, AIC of the U.S. Air Force who stated that he had observed some type of fiery object in the sky about 7:00 AM and that he was going to write a report of same and asked that I forward the report to the Civil Defense Authorities.

Please find enclosed the written report to be forwarded to the appropriate authorities.

R. R. Tolbert
Corporal #307.

- page 18 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a document titled "PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION ORDER - MILITARY" which appears to be some kind of military order or form.

AP 122-341031
AUTHORITY: PAR 25 AFM 35-4
233624063
3. AIRMAN DIRECTED TO REPORT TO:
LOVELL P. 
1225 S ST (ADO) 
SEATTLE, WASH 
(2) TRAVEL TO NEW DUTY:
24 AUG 1964
(3) ENTITLEMENT UNDER THIS ORDER AUTHORIZED FOR TRAVEL BY:
A. IMMEDIATE FAMILY DEPENDENTS. 
(4) DEPENDENTS AUTHORIZED MOVEMENT:
AUTHORIZE MOVEMENT OF IMMEDIATE FAMILY DEPENDENT(S) 
(5) PERSONAL BAGGAGE ALLOWANCE, INCLUDING EXCESS: 
FOUND BAGGAGE, INCLUDING EXCESS
(6) DEPENDENT TRAVEL AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS ORDER: 
12 DAYS (MUST BE COMPLETED NO LATER THAN 19 DAYS FROM DATE OF DEPARTURE)

- page 19 -

The image contains a handwritten document that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report. The document includes a hand-drawn sketch of what looks like a triangular or pyramidal object in the sky. No other photographs or images are present in this particular page.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Member has selected the "All Others" tour. Travel of dependents transportation of household goods to the overseas area during the assignment of sponsor to this station covered by these orders is not authorized. Travel of dependents and transportation of household goods is not authorized. Contract No 1233 9-64 is authorized. Transportation from such designated base is authorized only upon reassignment of the member to a new duty station.

An unusual bright in 2530 sky
At 0500, 20 July 1964.
It was low on the horizon, traveling east to west.
At a high intensity light, larger than a star, traveling at a very high rate of speed. Duration of sighting approx 10 sec.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Hq uns, scotr AFB, ill
To: afso (Fro)
Idientturnerson AFB ohio
This starred report of a sighting of an unidenti fied flying object is forwarded in accordance withparagraph'13, jfr-200-2,30 March 1954.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN A.C. ANDREWS, Colonel, USAF
Director of intelligence 
DCS/plans

- page 21 -

This page does not contain a photograph or image. It appears to be a typed document or letter with some handwritten text.

EARLY TO
ATTh JSI; COPY
HEADQU!AE'TERS
22:25D SELECTIVE SERVICE SQUADRON
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LINCOLN AE"Y PIS. NESE:RASKA
27 JUL 1964
TO: VANCE C MC AROY
SPCCO ARE, ILLINOIS
THE INFORMATION IS FORWARDED UNDER PROVISION OF ART 20 THE COMMUNICATION WAS INDISTINCTIVE AND UNDELIVERABLE AND IS RETURNED AS 1D4 WITh:
R P Carlavano
MAJOR USAFO
COMMANDER

- page 22 -

