There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various fields filled out.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 9 SEP 52 (1942) 0255Z

2. LOCATION: West End, New Jersey

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 4

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 25 to 30 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual

7. COURSE: Visual

8. PHOTOS: None

9. WITNESSES: None

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 10 objects sighted in a two hour period. During observation, 4 objects were seen at one time. Objects described as reddish-orange in color, flashing at a rate of 2-3 flashes per second. Objects moved in a horizontal direction with no change in elevation. No sound was detected. No effect on ground lights. Brief analysis.

- page 1 -

This page does not contain any photographs. The text appears to be an excerpt from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO Center
Eglin AFB Florida
14 September 1964

Gentlemen:

On the night of September 9, 1964, a flight of four UFO objects were observed over the West End area of New Jersey. We have received reports and descriptions of these objects from numerous reliable sources. The approximate times and descriptions of these objects are as follows:

8:45 p.m. - A fast moving shining (or glowing) object, one of four identical objects, was observed.
8:50 p.m. - A fast moving shining (or glowing) object, one of the four, was observed in shape.
9:00 p.m. - A group of four objects different from the previous two were observed.
9:43 p.m. - The objects closed and were off - a white light, stationary; shape that was elliptical.
9:45 p.m. - The objects came from the NE and went W.
9:46 p.m. - A circular object came out the NE and went W.
10:25 p.m. - What appeared to be the same object again.

The reason is all not write because we believe our newspaper people may have been confused by the sightings and we do not want any premature publicity. We think anyone would be confused by this many sightings. We are looking into this and will advise you for any reports of significance.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Extracted text from the document:

When we, in discussing these objects in the Newark star ledger-about a year ago, stated that some of the objects to one McGuire Air Force officer seemed to be above the water, he said that he would report this information to you. Therefore, we should report this information to you.

Sincerely yours,

Wife: [Redacted]
Neighbor: [Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned image of an envelope or postal cover. The envelope is addressed to "UFO CENTER WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE DAYTON, OHIO" and has a postmark from "WEST END, NEW JERSEY 07742" dated "SEP 12 1964 AM".

Text found in the document:
West end, New Jersey 07742
UFO CENTER
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

- page 4 -

