The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report document from Project Blue Book, likely related to a UFO sighting.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 11-61 1612 EWT
2. LOCATION: FOSTERDALE, NEW YORK
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: REPORTED WERE EVALUATED AS MILITARY AIRCRAFT, BBSO AND 12 AND THEIR ORIGINAL SIGHTING WAS EXPLAINED AS MISIDENTIFICATION OF PLANES.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
7. COURSE: CIRCLING
8. PHOTOS: 0 YES 0 NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 YES 0 NO

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text found in the document:

HEADQUARTERS
26TH AIR DIVISION (SAGE)
United States Air Force
Mitchel Air Force Base, New York
14 Aug 64
REPLY TO:
ATTACH 26GIN
SUBJECT: UFO Report from Mr. [REDACTED]
TO: 4603 AS Gp (460 ICDC-B)
1. Subject UFO reports are returned herewith.
2. This Directorate does not have the responsibility of investigating
UFO sightings.
3. UFO investigative responsibilities are assigned to the Commander
of the Air Force Base nearest the location of the reported UFO sighting.
FOR THE COMMANDER:
BRYCE A. HEDLUND
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence
1 Atch
UFO Reports

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains only text, which appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book document.

OCR output:

Base Operation
Stewart Air Force Base
Newburg
New York
July 2 1956

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book containing handwritten text.

Output of the OCR:

Stewart Air Force Base
Newburgh, New York
Attention: Headquarters 4602nd Air Base Wing

Sir:

As this relates to the conclusion of the two week period I had mentioned previously to the earlier air force investigation, I am very much familiar with the procedures involved in evaluating these reports. Actually, regardless of your or anyone else's personal opinions or desires, I must insist that upon the presentation of these reports, you accept the Air Force position in the subject.

The matter enclosed was presented to me by several witnesses during the period 25 August to 31 August 1964. This is the conclusion I have reached in the logical order.

In conclusion, I would like you and your associates to view my report in a similar and adequate light. Realizing that I would be most pleased to have from you requestor any related interviews with witnesses, to act as a spotteror whatever. I am ready anytime. Just call.

Signature

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

Text extracted from the document:

Submitted by a Mrs. and Reported by a Mrs.
Location 9
Date: JULY 29, 1954
Time: Approx. 8:30 P.M.
Duration of sighting: 20-25 MINUTES
Wind at surface: N
Residence of Witness: Fosterdale, N.Y.
Optical Phenomena
Color of Object: None seen.
Distinguishing to a black shape, I know that it wasn't one.'(Quote) Course: South by Southwest to North.
Comments: It seemed to assume a slightly "than it would hover. Stationary, this very noticeable a downward. you could see a faint of up-down-up-down-up-down-up-up-down motion. The cycles ANSWERED. How long between each cycle: ANSWERED
Witnesses: Other than described: None
Shape: No defined outline Brightness: Positive
Size: Head of man at arm's length
Disappeared: Suddenly explained to be the thought it was a natural believe this conception to be false.However, the phenomenon seen compatible with the (the erratic maneuvers) is typical be an illusion created by a stellar

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

Transcribed text from the document:

Submitted by Mrs. [redacted] and investigated by [redacted]
Date: July 31, 1964
Time Approx: 9:00 P.M.
Condition of Skyfolder: Overcast
Location: Fosterdale, N.Y.
Optical Aids: None

Color of Object: None seen
Speed: Fast
Shape: Not visible
Brightness: Very brilliant
Duration: 4 to 5 minutes
Comments on Course: (Attitude 45 degrees)
Other Witnesses: [redacted] (Report states this, but see comments)

[Various redactions]

Brightness: Very brilliant
Duration: 4 to 5 minutes
Comments on Course: (Attitude 45 degrees)
Other Witnesses: [redacted] (Report states this, but see comments)
Shape: Not visible

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The text in the document is as follows:

Submitted by IPC and Furnished
Date July 22, 1964
Time: 11:00 p.m. on Military Time
Location of Sightings from the West
Residence of Witness. Fosterdale, New York
Optica1 Sightings

Color of Object: White
Description of Object: Object appeared similar to satellite, however, it was brighter and more luminious than satellite is that it seemed to have a fluorescent beam of light radiating from the body.
Contents on Document: However, while the object was observed the brightness suddenly diminished until it disappeared.
Other Witnesses: (Name Deleted) and (Name Deleted) stated that the UPS resembled the satellite "Echo" a more brilliant object than that is that they had previously predicted that it would be seen and the approximate time. However, the duration of the sighting was very brief.

As you can see, the document describes the details of a reported UFO sighting, including the time, location, witness, and description of the observed object. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Submitted by:        and Interviewed by:
Date: August 3, 1954
Plane sight, but possibly 9:45 a.m.  
Location of sighting: 
Wind at Surprise, brown from the west. 
Residents of Fosterdale
Circular, 150 feet in diameter (no solid illuminance seen through it)
Color or characteristics:
Silvery/aluminum, no pulsating lights but somewhat reflecting an "aircraft-like" behavior.  
Courses: First to northeast
Courses: None, simply stood still (straight course)
Other: No reaction                                     
Shape: 1/2 mile, high at at arm's length
Comments: This object was trailed by a plane, which was quickly closing.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Submitted by: 
Date: August 7,1964
Time: Approx 3:30 p.m.
Duration: of sighting 10 sec onds
Wind at surface: East (unknown)
Residence of witness: Forestdale, N.Y. 
Optical Conditions: Overcast

Color: No sure 
Shape: Near circular
Course: First heading North by Northeast
Comments: None
Other Witnesses: None
Shape: No defined 
Brightness: Extremely bright
Behavior: So fast, it didn't last
Comments: no noise heard, as in all the other ones

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Output of the text found in the document:

Submitted by and transcribed by
Date: August 7, 1964
Approximate 5:25 P.M. EDT
Observation of any peculiar clouds
Wind at surface (from east)
Ref: or Miss Rosenberg, N.Y.
Official ATIC REPORTS discussion

Yellowish:
Spectacularly slow.
Coursewise: heading east.
Comments: on course: however, irregularly (possible illusion)for about 15 seconds
Other witnesses: Not well defined
Brightness: fairly faint.
Size: more or less on Ceres's length.
Comments: I phoned the base, and received an officer whose name is not known to me, but talked with a extreme southern drawl. No noise heard.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed page from a Project Blue Book report.

August 8, 1954
Time: 9:15 or around then
Condition of Sky: Cap Spumans clouds with alar design
Location: Near Fosterdale, N.Y.
Optical Aids: None
Color: White or amber
Speed: 12 degrees every 2 seconds
Direction of travel: Heading northeast
Comments on source: None
Other witness: Mr. & Mrs.
Shape: Not distinguishable
Brightness: Fairly bright
Duration: At can't be length
Comments: Phoned the base and was promised an answer.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Request for UFO Information
29 Sep 64

Ref: USAF SAFOI-SE
WASH DC 20330

1. Reference the attached letter. The investigator will request the information on observations made by him in July, August and September. In all cases for these three months have been screened and there is no indication that a sighting case in this file on or 7 August 1964.

2. It will be noted in his letter that the investigating officer mentioned that the attached photographs. According to the air force regulation 200-2, investigating officer does not consider the photographs sufficient to justify a detailed investigation, since need not be reported. The findings undoubtedly and logical explanations.

Records indicate that no manufacturer correspondence in which were revealed that be is president of a club called the National Aeronautix Club.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subjects

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document.

Sir:

As one of your witnesses hopes to hear from you soon. Please forgive the informal structure and errors of content - limitation of time.

Sincerely,

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Headquarters
23rd Air Division (SAGE)
United States Air Force
Stewart Air Force Base, New York

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

26 Jul 1964

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object

TO: AFSC (SCCB)
Maj. E.H. Patterson APB
USAF 44235

Forwarded in accordance with paragraph 1.3.2., AFR 200-2, dated 30 July 1952, as changed.

ROBERT M. SILLIMAN, Lt Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence

1 Atch
UFO Report

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of text from a UFO report document.

August 29, 1964
On this date I had called the air base in advance to announce my intention to fly over three different observed UFO appearances at approximately 2200-2230 hours. I was authorized to proceed from a base and the flight plan was filed accordingly. 
As I flew an observation course, I observed three different objects for periods up to 20 minutes. The first one (A) appeared as a bright star-like source which held its position and then its light blinked off and on, as if someone had turned the light off and on again. This object held a steady position and did not appear to move.
The second one (B) was an object about the size of a small aircraft and had a pearly color. It was at an estimate of 2,000 feet altitude. This object remained stationary for about 30 minutes and then suddenly disappeared. The third object (C) was a larger object and did not remain stationary, but traveled from the southeast to the northwest at a speed estimated at 500-600 mph. I estimate the object was about 10,000 feet in altitude. 
I was most impressed with the deliberate manner in which these objects maneuvered. They all acted in a very intelligent and purposeful fashion and their performance was such that it could not be explained by any known aircraft. I am quite certain that these were not conventional aircraft nor any known space vehicles. While I may have misinterpreted some of the details, I am sure that the objects seen were of an unusual and unidentified character.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document with typed text.

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object
CASE (PDT)
SERIAL 6332
DATE 20 SEp 1964
FORWARDED in accordance with paragraph 12-9, AFR 200-2, dated 20 July 1954. AIR COMMAND.

RALPH J. BROWN, LT COL, USAF
COMMANDER
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcribed from the document:

2715 DEFENSE BUILDING
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

UNCLASSIFIED Base Correspondence (1954)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE BASE, New York 

16 May 1964
FROM: Captain Mook

SUBJECT: Investigation of Reports by Mr. Ronald Vetten, Fosterdale, N.Y.

1. On 4 May 1964, 1330 (1:30 PM) 
1. In compliance with Special Order M-116 (Attachment 1) and in accordance with JANAP 146 a complete report was made on a contact (UFO sighting) by Mr. Ronald Vetten, Fosterdale, N.Y.
2. The following observations were made during my interview with Mr. Vetten on 4 May 1964:
a. Mr. Vetten is a high school student, residing with his parents on a farm. He reported that he has above average intelligence.
b. He described a circular, flashing, silvery object in observing during daylight hours in clear weather. He estimated that the object was at an altitude of about 1000 feet and approximately 1/4 mile distant. He stated that the object appeared to be oscillating or "wobbling" and that it would occasionally stop, then resume its movement. He said the object was visible for about 30 minutes.
c. I was impressed with Mr. Vetten's sincerity and apparent intelligence. He seemed quite concerned about his observation and was cooperative during the interview.
3. On 5 September 1964, field investigation was conducted at the site. No physical evidence or residual effects were found.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely describing a UFO sighting.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

"I also discussed a bright light in the sky which I had seen while flying earlier. This light appeared to be hovering and then quickly darted away. I felt this was a UFO. I was the only person who saw this light. Since no one else had seen it, I did not feel I could make a definite identification as to what this light was.

I recommend that any further investigative action or reports of objects displayed by this witness be followed up promptly. His future investigative action or reports of UFO's should be given the fullest possible attention.

JACK A. HOLT
Captain, USAF
1. 600 M-173
2. Lt From"

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting an investigation of a UFO sighting by Mr. [redacted] in Fosterdale, New York.

4713th Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron 
4603 AB GP (ADGC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Stewart Air Force Base, New York

REPLY TO: Captain Noel
SUBJECT: Investigation of Reports by Mr. [redacted], Fosterdale, N.Y.
TO: 4603 AB Gp (4603ADGC)

1. In compliance with Special Order M-173 (Attachment 1) and AFR 200-2, I interviewed Mr. [redacted] on 29 August 1964.

2. The following observations were made during my interview with Mr. [redacted] on 29 August 1964:
a. Mr. [redacted] is a high school student, residing with his parents on a farm. He is 17 years old. I interviewed him at his parents' home.
b. He has an interest in observing moving astronomical phenomena. He uses a telescope and "Sciencer News". He states that he is a member of the Sky and Telescope Society. "Sciencer News" is described by him as an "open-minded" magazine.
c. Mr. [redacted] claims to have a recreation farm for 160 aged guests of the Worker's Benefit Fund. They appear to be kept "fully occupied by the guests and only slightly aware of UFO research."
3. On 3 September 1964, Mr. [redacted] telephoned me. He inquired if I would lend USAF prestfge in order to secure permission from the Board of Directors, Worker's Benefit Fund, to use the farm as an UFO observation post. I declined.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

We also discussed a bright light in the sky which I had seen while driving my car on 6 September 1964. I estimated my speed at the time to be about 65 mph and the light was directly in front of my car, apparently hovering. The light source appeared to be about the size of Jupiter and was very bright and brilliant. The entire sighting lasted about 15 seconds. The light did not appear to move, only pulsate slightly in brightness. I was not able to positively identify the light as a planet, however, and since I could not physically examine it up close, I remained unconvinced that it was a natural phenomenon. Therefore, I recommend that my report of 3 September 1964, the above, be investigated further by proper authorities.

JACK A. NOEL
Captain, USAF
1. GO M-173
2. Ltr From Mr. _____

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report or document related to investigations of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) by the United States Air Force.

HEADQUARTERS
AIR FORCE BALLISTIC MISSILE DIVISION (AFBMD)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ARNOLD AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 13354

SPECIAL ORDER
8-173

IN CONNECTION WITH APR 2002-9, PARA 5a AND b, AS DIRECTED, THE FOLLOWING
INVESTIGATIONS WILL BE MADE IMMEDIATELY:

1. THIS HQ WILL CONDUCT A DETAILED INVESTIGATION TO IDENTIFY AND INTERVIEW THE
WITNESSES WHO REPORTED UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS AS INDICATED IN THE ATTACHED
CASE HISTORIES. APPROPRIATE ACTION WILL BE TAKEN TO RESOLVE THE FACTS OF EACH CASE.
FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS WILL BE REPORTED TO THE COMMANDER CONCERNED.

FOR THE COMMANDER

EDWIN J. RUPPELT
COLONEL, USAF
CHIEF OF ADM IN SERVICES

DISTRIBUTION:
1 - INTELLIGENCE DIVISION, DCS/O
1 - FOR COMMANDER, AFBMD
1 - INV OFFICER
1 - C-70
1 - 2-70
1 - 6-60

- page 21 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document, likely a report or letter related to Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text from the document:

"REPORTS ASTRONOMER OR AMERICA"

"Office of Information
P.O. Box 1436 Group (2932)
Eglin AFB, Fla
12 January, 1954

Sir:
As president of my capability, with to inform you that we plans for the future which vary with vision and are to aid the country. Examination and investigation of several incidents that have occurred in the past and we are attempting to eliminate the possibility of it being a nation's military or scientific tests.

Please review this letter. Our establishment rules in your hands.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Preliminary director
of 2/22/54"

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, the text has been successfully extracted as follows:

2313 USAFEUR SYSTEM EVALUATION REPORT
DAILY USAF INTELLIGENCE DIGEST (SEC)
LIEUTENANT MR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK
AUGUST 30 , 1964
ATTN OF: CAPTAIN COOK
SUBJECT: INVESTIGATION OF REPORT BY MR. XXXXXXXXXX
(431 WEST STREET, FOSTeRDAlE, NEW YORK)
PO. 4685 AG 54 (440300-00)
1. In compliance with special order 14-17 (Attachment 1) and case file 321 investigative 64-2767 . the following observation was made by XXXXXXXXX on 3 September 1964 in regard to a reported sighting of UfOsby Mr. XXXXXXXXX
2. The following observations were made during my interview with Mr. XXXXXXXXX on 7 September 1964.
a. Mr. XXXXXXXXX is a high school student, residing with his parents on a farm in Fosterdale, New York. According to his statements, he has observed unusual aerial phenomena on several occasions, the first of which occurred on 3 September 1964.
b. On the date in question, at approximately 9:30 PM while observing the evening sky , Mr. XXXXXXXXX stated that he observed a brilliant light, considerably larger than a star, moving in a westerly direction at a high rate of speed. He estimated that the object was at an altitude of 5,000-10,000 feet and of a size comparable to a small private aircraft. The object was observed for approximately 2-3 minutes, during which time it maintained a constant speed and altitude. Mr. XXXXXXXXX stated that the object emitted no sound and appeared to be completely silent.
c. Subsequent to the sighting, Mr. XXXXXXXXX telephoned the local police and also reported the incident to the United States Air Force Base at Stewart Field, New York, as an UFO observation post. I declined.
3. Captain XXXXXXXXX, 1964, interviewed Mr. XXXXXXXXX in order to secure information from him in regard to his UFO observation. The following is a summary of his observations as obtained during this interview.

- page 23 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

REPLY TO: CDBC
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information (-------)

TO: AR. U.S. AIR FORCE 36 (MISS SEISER) 
ATTN: J. BRENNAN

1. Reference the attached letter forwarding information on unidentified flying objects. This letter is forwarded to your office for whatever action you deem necessary.

2. It is noted that case Report # is requeeted is deceased.

FOR THE COMMANDER

/ Signed /
JAMES T. SCHIEFFER
Lt Col, USAF
Asst Dir Phcrtography
Dir of Intelligence

- page 24 -

There is no photograph contained in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, which appears to be a letter from a project commander at the Regional Intelligence Center to an unspecified recipient, dated September 25, 1964.

The text of the document is as follows:

Commander:
U.S. Regional Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base

Dear Commander: 
We're getting asking too much, any association you I know, if you might and we have some unidentified flying objects report of which were worried us I am sorry to you (Title 13-13 Code 735)--but if some material I think we want need this your assistant.
Please inform us where we might be able to address any mail to.

Thank you for your time and trouble!

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]
President

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, with the title "IDE - Air Technical Intelligence Center Patterson Air Force Base Ohio" written at the top.

IDE - Air Technical Intelligence Center Patterson Air Force Base Ohio

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a UFO report, from Project Blue Book.

Octobar 1, 1963

Dear Mr. ----- ,

Your radio telephones at Andrews Air Force Base has forwarded your letter of September 18, 1963, with the subject of a report on the sighting of an unidentified flying object on several occasions in the vicinity of Fosterdale, New York, to this office. We have forwarded this information to the proper authorities at Andrews Air Force Base.

Mr. Edward Ruppelt, author of the book on unidentified flying objects, is deceased.

Sincerely, 

MASTON H. JACKS
Public Information Division
Office of Information
USAF

Enclosures:
Mr. *****'s letter to Commander of Andrews Air Force Base

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the president of an organization, addressed to an individual named Edward Ruppelt. The text of the document is as follows:

Dear Sir:
This will acknowledge receipt by me of your letter of June 23, 1964, addressed to Edward Ruppelt at his home on the premises of the Fosterdale, New York, Fire Department as was forwarded to me.

Thank you.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
President

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document containing text only.

Text from the document:

Project Blue Book
Project Blue Book
USAF
Information Center
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D.C.

To whom it may concern:
There is a noted book information concerning the unidentified flying objects that appeared to Edward Ruppelt as recorded in his book "Report on Unidentified Flying Objects", which was originally published in 1956.
We have checked and this copy on hand is this type of material that was made available through this type of material that was made available.

With many thanks for your time and cooperation!

Sincerely,
President

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

We were discussing a bright light in the sky which I had seen several times, and I told that my sighting was approximately at the same time as that of Mrs. Mary H. ... (she could not possibly identify the light as any kind of aircraft which he could not identify the light as anything which he could not IDENTIFY). 

I recommend that my report of 7 September 1964, the same as this report, should be entered into the records to substantiate the investigative action on reports of UF5 as there was no further action on this case as given in the AFSK report dated 8 July 1964.

JACK A. DOLL
CIVILIAN 76959 
1. Atch M. 22 64-172
2. Ltr from Mr. ...

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects.

HEADQUARTERS
STEWART AIR FORCE 3 (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12544

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 4633DDC

SUBJECT: Reports of Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: 26 Air Div (ADCIN)

1. Reference AFR 200-2, paragraph 3a and 3b, attached are a reports of unidentified flying objects as submitted by witnesses.

2. Officer appointed to investigate subject reports was Captain Jack A Noel, ADJ922166, 47120 Def Sys Eval Sq, Stewart AFB, New York.

3. Comments on findings and conclusions of the investigating officer are as follows:
a. Reference attachment 1, UFO report, 3 Sep 64 with 3 attachments:
Agrees with the comments of the investigating officer.
b. Reference attachment 2, UFO Reports, 3 Sep 64 with 2 attachments:
Agrees with the investigating officer's recommendation as stated in paragraph 5.
4. In view of the obvious interest and persistance displayed by Mr. and his group in reporting as UFOs any and all flying objects not readily and positively identifiable, recommend attached reports and any further reports from Mr. be accorded with caution and in accordance with paragraph 6 of AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

SAMUEL A STREB, JR.
LT COLONEL, USAF
DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

4713 Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron
4603 Air Base Group (ADG)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK
Stewart Air Force Base, New York

ATTN OF: Captain Noel/Ext 410

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report 3 Sep 64

TO: 4503 AB Sq (4603DGC)

1. This report is concerned with sightings of UFO's made by Mr. ...., Fosterdale, New York.

2. Sighting by Mr. ...., as contained in Attachment 1 are self-explanatory and do not require investigative or reporting action.

The collection of any investigation of a UFO observed by Mr. ...., on 2 August 1964, is in accordance with AFR 200-2.

a. Description of object:
(1) Shape: Like an arrowhead.
(2) Size: Pea at arm's length.
(3) Color: White.
(4) Number: One.
(5) Formation: None.
(6) Discernible features: None.
(7) Trail, trail, or exhaust: None.
(8) Sound: None.
(9) Other pertinent features: None.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that provides a detailed description of a sighting.

b. Description of course of object:
(1) Bright light first noticed.
(2) 30-40 angle of elevation, height - unknown, azimuth relative to observer - 0 degrees.
(3) Angle of deviation and azimuth - unknown.
(4) Flight path - Erratic, South to West.
(5) Object disappeared instantaneously to the West.
(6) Visible for 20-30 seconds.
c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground - visual.
(2) 50 MM binoculars used.
(3) N/A.
d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) 25/01/242.
(2) Night conditions: Night.
e. Location of observer: 41°42' N 74°56' W
f. Identity of observer:
(1) Name: Y. Fosterdale, N.Y.
(2) Occupation: High School Student.
(3) Age: 15 years.
(4) Estimate of reliability: Fair.

- page 33 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing descriptive text about the weather and winds aloft conditions, as well as information on the identification action and related details.

Weather and winds aloft:
(1) Observer's account: Clear, winds calm.
(2) Winds:
(a) Surface: Calm, 65° F
(b) 6,000 feet MSL 230° 30K increasing to 250° 135K
(3) Ceiling: Clear.
(4) Visibility: 15 miles.
(5) Amount of cloud cover: None.
(6) Thunderstorms: None.
(7) Vertical temperature gradient (Degrees Centigrade):
3M plus 14, 5M plus 6, 9M plus 4, 10M plus 5, 15M minus 8, 
20M minus 6, 30M minus 32, 35M minus 46, 40M minus 50, 
45M minus 51.

Unusual activity: None.

Identification action:
(1) Consulted aeronautical publications.
(2) Obtained meteorological data from AWS.
(3) Contacted Space Detection and Tracking Center, Colorado Springs, Colorado.

Satellite Echo I transiting area from West to East at approximately 0130Z, 25 August 1964.
Low, intermediate and high altitude airways over area.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

(3) Low altitude reflecting entry craft points, orbit points, Render radar refueling, transient rephasing area.
(4) No known weather balloons were in area.
e. Comments of Investigating Officer:
(1) The description of the unidentified flying object as given by Mr. [name redacted] is that I have witnessed. The lack of a trail or exhaust and Mr. [name redacted]'s observation that the object was burning, i.e. luminous, is also characteristic of a flying object.
(2) The course of the object, and its speed would rule out the possibility of it being a satellite, balloon, aircraft, or object dropped from an aircraft.
(3) When discussing the sighting with Mr. [name redacted], he seemed to identify the object to identify the object he observed. He positively identified the object as an unidentified flying object.
(4) My conclusion based on the information above is that the object was a meteor.

JACK A. NOËL
Captain, USAF

1. Report of UFO's
2. Newspaper Clippings
3. Report of UFO

- page 35 -

