The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

30 November 64 30/0632Z
MILITARY INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
One OBJECT SIGHTING REJECTED. Possible A/C observation, however duration other essential data missing for evaluation.
Not Reported
Ground-Visual
West
O Yes
O Yes
FTD SEP A 0-329 (TDE)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing text only.

OCR output:

Thank you again for your letter. If we can be of further
assistance, please let us know.
Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULOINS
15 PS-IQHT, USAF
CHIEF TECHNICAL INFORMATION
OFFICE OF INFORMATION SERVICES
OFFICE OF AEROSPACE RESEARCH

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

Translator's note: Below is a complete but rather free translation of original letter in Italian. Due to the pressure of work, we have been unable to review or edit the English translation.

Messrs. Project Blue Book 
Information Office HQ USAF (SAF-OIBB)

I obtained your address from Rome's daily newspaper, IL TEMPO. The undersigned individual is neither selected nor employed by any government agency, nor do I claim to have any physical or psychic powers. I am a father of two children who are members of the Sotogi School in Savona. What I am about to relate in this letter is the result of continuous study.

I was one of that majority [of people] that are indifferent to the "UFO" problem, and very little, impressed to compare accounts of sightings or to talk about the possible causes, one way or another. However, in 1962 at the Villanova air base, I had the occasion to watch the aerial acrobatics performance by Italian Air Force fighter planes. I was fascinated by the precision of their maneuvers and wished for the presence of these same fighter planes that I had seen in the air. It was saucer shaped and silver-gray in color. It was a fraction of a second.

The future progressed until the middle of July 1964, when an innumerable series of sightings, which still continue, commenced.

In that month, almost every (and almost during the evening) evening we were able to observe luminous objects of the apparent magnitude of a star passing over the sky, traveling at incredible speed and changing direction with precision. The height was probably between 30 and 40,000 meters. Undoubtedly they are not celestial bodies, because their movements are not constant but erratic, and sometimes stationary at a great altitude, sometimes at a lower one. At times I have seen the light dim and extinguish, and then suddenly reappear at the same or different position. Once this summer (August 1964) one of these "stars" was visible for a few seconds because of the great brightness which was low over the city and its surroundings.

These might apparitions, strange to say, stopped during the winter season, except for rare occasions (for instance the night of 4 February 1965 - 20 hours). The daytime apparitions were more numerous, starting 11 July 1964. I will not list them all, but will just mention the main ones.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR system output:

Thus, beyond the type described above, the daytime ones assumed different shapes:
1) Spherical - They revolve around themselves showing a silvery side and the other side is of a dark color. They do not exceed 4 to 6 meters in diameter.
2) Lens-like and flat.

On 11 July 1964, 1300 hours, a spherical UFO descended over the sea in Front of Radicosa (a small locality from Savona) on the road to Bick, France, noiseless, rotating, causing a rapid plunge to about 100 meters above sea level, and disappearing again with a tremendous roar from the horizon. This happened during dinner time when the beach was deserted.

On 22 September 1964, a large silvery object, at an approximate height of 1300 meters hovered above the city from 6 to 11 p.m. Quite a proud witnessed this including some policemen on duty from Savona. The same incident occurred on 19 November between 1815-1845 hours, and other times too. During the sightings, the object discharged a couple of formations resembling absorbent cotton which dissolved as soon as one touched them.

I have a small, incomplete list of UFO sightings above Savona and as already mentioned I will now list them:

I can state that I have seen UFOs hovering over the city and then disappear as though made of phosphor, dissolving suddenly in a later point and lighting up themselves perhaps into a new round shape. But there is more to this, the UFO sightings are just a start while they create great sensation.

During the night, one can see over the city small luminous "rays" which appear and disappear. These "lights" are not visible from the nearby houses and towns as if they are invisible to the outside. Such lights were observed on 30 October 1964 and the second time about a week later as exactly 21 hours on both occasions.

Once before while I was looking out a window one of these lights had passed in front of me in a diagonal direction from the roof. There was no sound. However, the lights seen in October were silent. But this is not all. From that time (and this is happening flight now) strangers directions and around persons like very rapid "ripsfles" and even the

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains only typed text.

television screen reflects them by small dots and lines, as often happens
due to some interference caused by household electric gadgets. Well this is not getting to the end of the story. You can either disbelieve everything I have told you or send someone to see these things personally.
You may wonder why all of these UFO sightings occur in Savona. These unidentified aircraft seem strangely interested in the activities of large SAC boys who fly over our heads will already have reported something along these lines.
Kind regards (please do not give out my name, I do not want to become a
subject of discussion by the general public.)
Savona, Italy

- page 5 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text.

Project Blue Book 1964-11-8722078-33-58N164-14E-Pacific-.pdf6.txt

Rapporto cellografico 1955 n.11
Progect Blue Book
Via VIA. 1475-APRIL-PAPR-QlTHR

El 3n11 giorno slo ettntato di Bord-TT 1530
Variata prolonto-ttra chs311 setto-sezitre non 6
nditl-o ond1-o da osli ctivte-atrtl
ael 14-39o delle spore blanche
Ta 17-15 o 18-45, tra 1d 13 e 10 anni che
Scopo: in Savona. M. d'x paria11. non
noro struts suvra-cellola prete, el Bacrcato
Conte attn per scrtvere a spirlto dl contlnuo
Anobs to vro svpro Ia navlgal-one 11 que-114
era sondo leggere au! giormal e servlre parll-m
m) movtmenti normaU per dlrollo ext raordinbrt
1n un man'c a m8ll'altro
Ia prima le del 1952 ml demotica
(28 CJWFG dl vari-ion 14 vlllena) L'albano.
ell'orl lo autochedln dtegl f. 84, L'arellatl a raccotc
erarle. nel maso in prma del 1952, al docanico
Tn oual modo avvenne? parlo nella prems del
1955 di frazicani di minnti secondo? seoonda accorco
Fin qui atfiarione 41 fraziani di mirnti secondo.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a typed text document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the following output based on the text found in the document:

Cnanatkater711" passagna in agni dirm_tion- (?)
m non vir-ine a; la direccion diverfa, fal vez
i3 EUPPLIM'IBIE3 parece fue'ram 1. 39
an ton mis con- una Rtnhica nelh arprecsara.
In luce misterinee a non born o
evaporan'i per poi ripartire fnouamcnto' eseere
n v'itA Ilttomue la imc'aane a divenir.8
bro ce: completando con di bcle rette
Gag! Ema volo, quefta vfilta (agosto 1964) una
19 l'lliE vi lta'i. grande luce cha mnmtanaw era
mai vid- in quests r'eginne. Graduale
Efiiaritm nl mnmento che disparve-
rmi iratrmrrini lortanr: nello
a in vn'tn' firurrarci a film: tome atari
Tango 1964~" non star": ni slonoarnii- tlltti
_Linni paraacnhgmtiw" per cti mdlcatnriw quali
via g. rgnno aon "divere al
H Seturrmre Mil anrx'nne mi mnnmrin, qua..
1'! aturnc Ill Euglto 1964 un "Ufo" ha-se 12,20 m UFO
2 cnrna 11 "t'uoln ha'an. mil due diverte-
l'leggero (Ill-(alta Eatteflalr) e m.rn. di cannne
'3un:1 nt' i more rrnm. per,
ilinni 180 mec'i'de 14", "1'1er 'c-"El "more:
[worms this a brane ch. brennn, enile Epnttn
enn via in dimmm'dfiflmlibi m..dle":-
11 en. Atrrimrzinne "Errata un groesm oggett:- .irgento
.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what seems to be an old UFO report document, containing only text and no visual elements.

Transcription of the text:

Ed una altezza che non superava i 15 metri, rimane sulla città di Amalfi e, con vero di altre 6,00 - 7,00 - e alcune, volta, 11,00 m della massima elevazione dalla pianura della Profetti, non hanno visto di fatto la comparsa dei passanti di servizio. La banchina, lo scorso 19 novembre alle ore 18,45 in quanto, su richiesta, poi dalle mute, ed avrebbe avuto come, nel caso della mattina della stessa ore 7,00, una altezza dai 15,00 del perimetro abbiamo costatato circa una distanza di 180 metri (appare una coppia che rotolavano in formazione) e sulla città di Sarno tanto lontane, e sulle pendenze che si eseguite appena il bosco.

Noi un piccolo alone (non completo) di avvistamenti di UFO dopo 12,00 ne sono già scoperti non semplice ad eseguire immaginando tutto. Vi hanno affermato di aver visto degli UFO forma sulla città e sparire, come fossero velti da vista, alla vista a nubi che si formano dall'immenso non solo non possono da questo di modo un dato un vuoto rotondo perfetto ( di 15 aprile per ricorrente movimento sempre con la forma del cerchio in uso, 17 vi è 6 di notte ancora ulteriori arrivati in turno 33 minuti e portati.

Non fanno piu' tante notizian, tanto che questo tra le operaie abbiamo constatato maggioranza della gente, mentre la notte è possibile volare meno sui tram alla città di piccoli segnai e fochi di materia luminescente che velocemente appaiono e spariscono, senza rumori di motori sono solo circa credere ad una finestra di casa (la sera volta era di 31 agosto 64 nessun rumore nessun segno) alla ora 21,00 di sera in punto tutto a dove le volte, una di grande dimensioni dentro la casa a paesi vicini.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old document containing handwritten text in Italian.

According to the OCR, the text in the document reads as follows:

"Questo prima una di questa"vinci" era passata davanti alla mia persona, mentre non affacciando ad una finestra. Mi senza tentativo del testo alla domanda come questa con uno strano rumore, mentre le precedenti domanita erano stato del tatto silenzio, che non a tutta la scopo di allena in quieto visioni ( e controllabile anche in questo momento), vanno per le stanze dalla strana luzza; siamo momentanei attraversano in tutto i perni paretti: siamo momentanei come tutto ilvolodocumentante "Panfillia" e nessuno il di video del televisione la dammita con dei piccoli punti e quadrati, come avviati per i loro destina zoniari: un salto continua il mio scritto. Potete anche non credere a tutto cio che "loro" (sono quelli che mi di guida) e di fin vedere in casa le Canne "viventi".

Io fine, chiederete, perche' propria a Savona tutti questi messaggi di trovo. Perche' mesi valioni econsciente; cambiavo molto interessante il passaggio di questa luce ( a destra) e un punto che apparsa, netta sopra la nostra regione con quella molto particolare verso il mattino, con quelli verso il pomeriggio). Con tutta probabilita' i vostri sarebbero del SAR che passano; Semper sono le nostre forme che apparanno scongiurare, giusesta in proposito.........
(con PAGHERA DI NON PUBBLICARE IL MIO NOME.....IN FASTO AL PUDBLICO)"

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AP IN : 56125 (27 NOV 64)
ACTION: RDF-7
INFO : XOP-1, XOPX-7, SAP-OS-3, JGS/OSD-1, NSA-7, DIA-15 (½)
SMB C 847 V DZA773ADA488FD586VY GAB369
** ** ** ZZ RUEAHQ
DC RUETIG 18 277/1516
ZNR
Z 278512
FM BASS 17/OUTWEIGH
TO RUEAHQ/CSAF WASHINGTON
RUEARN/264D1V ADC
RUECBO/COMEASTSEAFRON
RUETAD/BAF WESTOVER
RUCSBB/CINGSAC
RUCVAF/2AF BARKSDALE
RUCKOT/COMASWFORLANT
RUWBKG/15AF MARCH
RUWSALD/CINCNORAD
RGGSCG/CANADINDEF ST HUBERT
RGCOM/CANCOMARLANT HALIFAX
ST
UNCLAS ZIPPO CIRVIS/BABS 17 SURFACE CITING
29 SHIPS AT SEA AT 8¹430N 152°8W AT 9¹482
PT
NOTE: Advance copies delivered to XOP-X, NIN, DIA.
Readdressed to CIA on 1 Feb 1965.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HIGH RADIATION FOLLOWS UFO SIGHTING: On the night of November 26th, Mrs. Florence Rosenburgh of Grand Valley, Pennsylvania, saw a bright ball of light hovering very fast about 100 feet above a nearby bam. It was only about 100 feet above the ground, according to Mrs. Rosenburgh. The next morning, an area around the bam was found to have high radiation levels. A local saucer investigator came the following day with a Geiger counter and detected a radioactive count five times normal in the area. In front of the barn, the investigator found the imprint of a dark oblong shape in the snow. Mrs. Rosenburgh added that her small dog was slightly radioactive after the incident.

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The page contains text describing a UFO sighting, including details about the object and the observation, as well as some calculations and notes.

AP IN : 59908 (30 NOV 64) N/RPH
ACTION: NIN-7
INFO : XOP-1, XOPX-7, DIA-15, NSA-7, SAF-OS-3, JCS/OSD-1 (12)

SMB C 028 CHQA6792CCJC848
00 RUEAHQ
DE RUHFL 863 38/8652
ZNR
0 388645Z
FM CGC MATAGORDA
TO RUEAHQ/COFS USAF
ZEN/CCGO FOURTEEN
ZEN/CIG THREE TWO
RUWGALB/CINC NORAD
RUHHL/CINCPACFLT
INFO RUEQJD/COMDT COGARD
RUMS1/COMESTAREA
BT
UNCI.AS
MERINT:
1. MATAGORDA/NIFV.
2. ONE BRIGHT OBJECT SIMILAR TO SATELLITE 
3. 33-58-N 164-14-E
4. 3886392

The text appears to be a report describing a UFO sighting, including details about the object, time, location, and other related information.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a document with text describing a UFO sighting.

NO CASE (Information Only)
SIGHTINGS: ARCO Bulletin, May & Jun 65

Three View UFO In Canada
Fishermen Alphonse Gaudet, Erle McInnis and Arnold Gazult sighted a large, cigar-shaped object which appeared to be about 100 feet long on 23 May 1964. The men were on 52 N Latitude, 164 14 E, about 75 miles off the shore of St. Lawrence Gulf, Nova Scotia, Canada. The object first appeared to descend slowly from the sky, hovered for a time, and then shot rapidly away at high speed.

Arnold Gaudet, through previous experience in aircraft hunting, initially thought it was an airplane until they noticed the unusual features. They said it had a metallic gray color and was revolving slowly. It disappeared after a short time, after remaining stationary for about 10 minutes. It was first sighted about 2130 hours. The object appeared to be about 20 feet in diameter.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing only written text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

Longmont, Colorado 
Deputy Sheriff Walt Turner, while on northern direction with A.C. Dunbar, at 9:37 p.m. on 27 November 1964, saw a brilliant white object traveling from south to north. The object was about 20 degrees above the horizon in the north. As the object was disappearing, it made a sudden turn to the east and disappeared from view. The object was also seen by Deputies Chuck Wanke and Hune Chambers who were cruising in a patrol car.

- page 14 -

The image contains a photograph of three fishermen, Arnold Cadue, Alphonse Gaudet, and Rene Ronnie, who reported seeing a silver colored winless UFO, 50 feet in diameter, with orange colored fins flying above a sea cow pond on Prince Edward Island, Canada on November 28, 1964.

Information Only: Prince Edward Island, Canada
15 November 1964
Fishermen, Arnold Cadue, Alphonse Gaudet, & Rene Ronnie, reported seeing a silver colored, winless UFO, 50 feet in diameter, with orange colored fins flying above a sea cow pond.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting in Grand Valley, Pennsylvania on November 30, 1964. The text states that a background radiation count about 5 times normal was detected after a round UFO moved above the ground near a farmhouse. The object was reported by a local resident named Florence Rosenburg and several other eyewitnesses.

Information only sources: Fairchild
Grand Valley, Pennsylvania
20 November 1964

Page # 2 SAUCERS FLEW IN 1964-65

November 30, 1964 - Grand Valley, Pennsylvania - A background radiation count of about 5 times normal was detected after a round UFO moved above the ground near a farmhouse. The object was reported by housewife Florence Rosenburg and several other eyewitnesses. SOURCE: NICAP's Gerry Journal, Pa.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document listing various sightings in December 1964.

DATE LOCATION DECEMBER 1964 SIGHTINGS OBSERVERS EVALUATION
Dec 5 Sewrad, Pennsylvania 59-30N/152-30W (Pacific) Military, Military Military     
4    GLN 103W (Near Iceland) Bakers Casuals & Military GROUND RADAR 
Dec Vera Beach, Florida GROUND RADAR Civilians & Military VISUAL ASTRO (METEOR) 
14 Pines Church, Virginia Civilians & Military VISUAL Astro (STARS/ PLANETS) 
Dec Rockland, Massachusetts RADAR, INFRARED Astro (METEOR)
15 Bethesda, Maryland VISUAL Astro (MOON)
19 01-14N'/164-12W (Pacific) Military Military Other (UNRESELLABLES REPORT)
Dec 28 Martinsburg, Maryland Military Military Satellite RADAR ANOMALIES
29 Harrisonburg, Virginia Military Military Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL ANOMALY)
Dec Cleveland, Ohio VISUAL Astro (POSSIBLY MARS)
29 Glen Falls, New York Military Balloon

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
Dec 5 Universe Los Angeles, California Science News Ltd. -
5 Los Angeles, California Newscliping -
5 Cape Kennedy, Florida Newscliping -
6 Doyle, Ohio Newscliping -
7 Guyshoota Falls, Ohio Newscliping -
13 Mont Dormer, Texas Newscliping -
21 Kanakee, Illinois Newscliping -
29 Alroy, California Newscliping -
30 Belleville, Nebraska Newscliping -

- page 17 -

The given image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AP IN : 59908 (30 NOV 64)
5. MEDIUM POSIT ANGLE 38.
6. COURSE 278T.
7. UNKNOWN
8. UNKNOWN
9. SEA CALM WEATHER CLEAR
RT
NNNNCHQD571ZCCJB+64
RR RUEAHQ
DE RUASP 128
AND MATE DISREGARD PLS
CHQD571ZCCJB
NNN

NOTE: ADVANCE COPY DELIVERED TO XOPX & DIA. & NIN
RETRANSMITTED TO CIA PER AP HQ 1392 #578

- page 18 -

The image contains a newspaper article with a map but no photograph. Based on the OCR output, the text in the document is as follows:

ASTRONOMY
Jupiter Now Prominent
A total of 10 planets and dwarf planets are visible in southern skies, studded with an unusual number of bright stars, highlights December events.
By JAMES STOKLEY
A SHINING more brightly than any other planet--or any star--visible on eve- ning is the planet Jupiter. It is so bright, in fact, that it is outshining every other celestial body except the Moon, forming an unusually large number of bright markers in the sky.
Even now, with the coming of dawn, Jupiter is still brilliant, standing high in the south, the first of the planets to become visible after sunset. Against the background of bright stars scattered over the southern horizon, Jupiter is easily identified.
Although it is of the first magnitude on the astronomical scale of brightness, Jupiter has shown an increase in luster during the past two months, following the period of its opposition, as the annual cycle of the seasons causes variations in its apparent brightness. Now, reaching its greatest brilliance, Jupiter outshines every other planet and even the brilliant stars Sirius and Canopus.
Jupiter is high in the south. In the constellation Aquarius, the river god. This is the best position for viewing Jupiter, which reaches the meridian, or due south, at about 8:30 p.m. E.S.T. early in the evening.
Saturn to Southwest
To the southwest, Saturn is rising, also in good position for observation. This ringed planet is now 20 degrees above the horizon at midnight, and will continue to rise earlier each evening.
Saturn is easily identified, brilliant yellow-white in color, and not far from the first-magnitude star Fomalhaut, the "Solitary One" in the constellation Piscis Australis, the Southern Fish.
In the far northwest, near the celestial north pole, the familiar Big Dipper is still visible, though low on the horizon. A bit south of it, the star Polaris, the North Star, remains fixed in the sky, marking the exact north. Surrounding it are the other stars of the small constellation Ursa Minor, the Little Bear.
Sun Further South
On Sunday, Dec. 22, at 2:50 p.m., E.S.T., the sun will be furthest south--directly over the Tropic of Capricorn--marking the beginning of winter in the Northern Hemisphere. For those who live in the Northern Hemisphere, this marks the beginning of winter and we have the shortest period of daylight.
The eclipse of the sun on Dec. 4 was for many people in the Eastern Hemisphere who observed it. The path of totality crossed South America and most of Africa. Although it was a total eclipse, large portions of the sun remained visible at all times, shimmering through gaps in the moon's silhouette, with the resulting crescents called "Baily's Beads."
The eclipse will be followed by two partial eclipses of the sun, on Dec. 4, 1966, and Jan. 20, 1967, when portions of the sun's face are obscured. But there will be no total eclipses of the sun visible in the United States until July 10, 1972, and Nov. 14, 1986.

STAGES OF ECLIPSE

- page 19 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a celestial timetable for December.

Celestial Timetable for December
DEC. 1 6:52 p.m. New moon, partial eclipse
4 7:00 a.m. Pluto furthest, distant 3.67 billion miles
10 4:00 a.m. Moon Perigee, size at maximum brightness
11 7:00 a.m. Moon First Quarter
12 4:05 p.m. Saturn stationary
14 9:30 a.m. Uranus greatest northern declination
15 3:30 p.m. Mercury between earth and sun
16 11:15 a.m. Mars at Solstice
17 2:00 p.m. Moon Full
23 3:00 p.m. Moon Last Quarter
24 9:00 p.m. Neptune stationary
26 2:00 p.m. Moon Apogee, smallest size
27 6:00 p.m. Venus at Solstice
29 2:30 p.m. Moon near Saturn, Saturn-Jupiter occultation
30 4:00 p.m. Uranus in opposition
31 2:10 a.m. SUNSET AND THREE HOURS FOR PST.
MOTION 30 DAYS, EASTERN TIME, DECEMBER 21, 1964.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: AFRO Bulletin, Paragragh 65

Lolo, Montana - At 6:15 a.m. on 18 November 1964, a private citizen was driving his car when he observed an object hovering some distance away. After several minutes, the object veered sharply to the north. It had a light similar to the light on top of a car.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed page from a Project Blue Book document that describes an incident that occurred on November 16, 1964 at the San Miguel Observatory in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The text indicates that astronomers at the observatory were puzzled by an elongated, flattened, and red UFO that crossed the observatory's telescope range in four minutes, whereas normal artificial satellites take roughly 10 minutes. The source of this information is cited as the Detroit Daily Press, Michigan.

Information Only
Project: Project Blue Book
Date: November 16, 1964
Location: San Miguel Observatory, Buenos Aires, Argentina
Incident: Astronomers at the observatory observed an elongated, flattened, and red UFO that crossed the telescope range in 4 minutes, unlike normal artificial satellites which take about 10 minutes.
Source: Detroit Daily Press, Michigan

- page 22 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a text-based document describing a sighting of a "Bright Globe Over Wisconsin" by a newspaper operator at Marshfield, Wisconsin. The text provides details about the sighting, including the size, movement, and timing of the observed object.

Bright Globe Over Wisconsin
A radio announcer at Marshfield and a newspaper operator at Marshfield, Wisconsin, apparently viewed the same UFO over Marshfield the early morning of 8 November 1964, according to the APRO Bulletin, January 65.
The announcer, Jack Thornton, reported seeing a "bright globe-shaped object", 3' or 4' in diameter, at 1:30 a.m. He said it moved from southeast to north, then returned to the path. Thornton also observed it at 4:30 a.m. and said it moved in a zigzag pattern over Marshfield at that time.

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY, 19 NOV 64 ITALY
ALSO OTHER BACK DATES

Dear Mr. _____,

Thank you very much for your recent letter regarding UFO sightings in Italy. I apologize for the delay in answering, but I hope you will understand that the work involved in investigating the many reports received in this office is very time consuming. 

Blue Book, the Air Force agency for the investigation of UFO objects, is aware of the official position of the Italian government on this subject. It is 16 years of investigating over 9,000 reports of unidentified flying objects, a considerable portion of which have been sighted, investigated and explained by qualified technical observers. However, a significant percentage remain unexplained.

Air Force investigators continue to study the relatively small number of cases, like this one, where UFO reported characteristics may indicate some evidence of unusual or unconventional characteristics beyond the normal experience of flight and known laws of science.

Difficulties or delays in the release of UFO data are often due to the necessity of protecting certain classified information or technical sources and methods. It would be extremely difficult for us to try to undertake a full investigation of this case with the limited data provided.

I am in touch with the Assistant Air Attache in Rome for further information regarding this sighting. He has been informed of your interest and cooperation in this matter is appreciated.

Ministero della Aa Spazio Astronautico 
Via Cobelli 1
Roma, Italy

- page 24 -

