The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card documenting a UFO sighting that occurred on April 3, 1964 in Monticello, Wisconsin.

TEXT TRANSCRIBED FROM THE IMAGE:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 3 APR 64
2. LOCATION: Monticello, Wisconsin
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 040300Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 - 4 minutes
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
8. COURSE: varied
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Obj with four wheels like small ferris-wheel. Lights only visible. Four huge red lights with other lights of white and green. No sound. Obj observed near ground, then it took off in a pointed altitude (?) with elevation and small unknown, however, object and auto approached each other on parallel course about 300 ft apart. Obj then veered own and disappeared. Duration 3 - 4 minutes. Might sighting. Four witnesses. Reported four days after sighting.
10. CONCLUSIONS: UNIDENTIFIED

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an official file copy of a request for weather data related to a location in Monticello, Wisconsin on April 6, 1964. The text in the document is as follows:

TTSW/69216
Request for Weather Data
2 Nov 64
To: DPC/WMJ MILLS
Request surface weather data for Monticello, Wisconsin on 2 Apr 64 and the wind data at all levels for Mt Vernon, Virginia on 12 May 64 to be ordered from Asheville, North Carolina.
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Maj, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO sighting over Monticello, Wisconsin. The sketch depicts various lights and structures on the object, as well as other details about the sighting, such as its slow speed and the fact that the headlights were turned off. The image is labeled as being taken from a 180-degree camera view.

Text from the image:
MONTICELLO
View as if taken by 180° camera 
Note: only lights seen, Structure and shading shown only to clarify perspective.
• Red running light
• Red Flasher light
o White light
o Green running light 
• Tiny green lights "like Italian Christmas-tree lights"

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire used by the U.S. Air Force to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as confidential.

1. When did you see the object? 3 April 1964
2. Time of day: 3:35 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Montieello, Wisconsin
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright NIGHT: d. Cloudy - Very Dark
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There is no photograph in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form with various multiple-choice questions related to the sighting of a UFO object.

The text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Lights

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: The lights in the distance, but slightly brighter.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember
The lights I could see in the distance seemed small, but clearly defined, with no blurriness or distortion.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Move up or down? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

There is a photograph present in the image. The image shows a handwritten sketch or drawing of an unidentified flying object that the witness observed. The drawing depicts the object as having a general saucer-like shape with some lights or reflections around it.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, and remained standing of for several minutes, and then seem to go slow back at first but when we turned the car around and attempted to drive towards it, it seemed to fade away very quickly. We were driving around the town itself.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) YES NO Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: only telephone poles and wires.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) YES NO Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what: the opposite hill slope of the valley.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound noise that could be heard above our idling engine.
b. Color only lights; red, green & a greenish-white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? a single light, a small fraction of the total area.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

As it looked when closest
This light reflected from metal
plus some other lights
possibly the general shape
shown by the dotted lines.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? From dead stop to greatly increase speed - possibly 1000 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? at least approx 100 yds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 40 miles per hour 

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES No  

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other also open window   

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
None - Possibly a vertical take off aircraft, but without wings.
- a hell tree with an exagereted base

- page 7 -

The image contains a compass-like diagram, but does not appear to have any photographs.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the rising curve line to show the highest position of the object (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction.

IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arrayed, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. Visually uncorrelated lights - but they obviously were connected as they remained in a consistent relationship to each other.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
Never

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. ***** Ave., Madison 5, Wis.
Mrs. ***** Argyle, Wis.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: ***** 
ADDRESS: ***** Ave., Madison 5, Wis.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: *****
AGE: 21 SEX: Male

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
to a Citizen member - Report
Day: 4-9-64 Month: April Year: 1964

- page 9 -

Based on the image provided, there does not appear to be any photograph or image present. The image shows a page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, with a blank space where a photograph would typically be included.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the textual content found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 62 February 10 day month year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old weather observation report, specifically from the U.S. Department of Commerce Weather Bureau Surface Weather Observations for an observation station located at Truax Field, Madison, Wisconsin on April 8, 1964.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE - WEATHER BUREAU
SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS
STATION: Wis (Truax Field) MADISON, WISCONSIN 
DATE: APR 8 1964

The document contains various weather-related data fields such as Time, Ceiling, Visibility, Weather, Temperature, Dew Point, Wind Direction, Wind Speed, Wind Gusts, Station Pressure, Pressure Tendency, Precipitation, and Remarks. The observation data is recorded for each hour from 0 to 23.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, the official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

ARMED FORCES AIR INTELLIGENCE TRAINING CENTER
LOWRY TECHNICAL TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
LOWRY AFB, COLORADO 80230

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TS-IS

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO: Air Force Systems Command (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio /AFSDI

1. Attached you will find a letter regarding a UFO sighting. This letter was misdirected to our Center by the reporting agency. We are forwarding it per AFR 200-2 for your use.

2. Address all further inquiries to the originating agency:

Office of Information (OIC)
HQ 33rd Air Division (SAGE)
Truax Field, Wisconsin 53707

T.A. MCAUAGHEY, Captain, USAF
UFO OFFICER, FAITH

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, dated April 2, 1964.

The text found in the document is:

STATION CODE             CASE #    DATE
1       HOOPER 2        64.04.02

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
10 October 1964

Major Victor Wintenbriik
Box 451, Glendale, Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

RE: Monticello, Wisconsin sighting of 3 April 1964 (incorrectly dated as 2 April on the record card).

On October 10, 1964, I interviewed Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] in Madison, Wisconsin, in regards to this sighting. I was accompanied by Mrs. Herr and by William Powers and Jacques Vallee. The appointment for the interview was made by those several days previously.

Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] were two of the four witnesses to an unusual sighting on the evening of April 3, 1964. Just outside of Monticello (Wisconsin), they observed a strange object in the sky, which they described as cigar-shaped, had a reddish color, and emitted a orange-yellow glow. The object was seen for approximately 15 to 20 minutes.

[redacted] is a graduate student in anthropology at the University of Wisconsin. He was on his way home from work when the sighting occurred. The other two witnesses were a couple, friends of the [redacteds], who were traveling with them.

I have interviewed them in a long while. I would cite his reliability generally high, based on his academic standing and other evidence of integrity, though somewhat tempered by a tendency toward subjective interpretations in some details. Similarly, the other witnesses seem to be persons of good standing in their community, and their accounts were consistent with each other on main points, though of course showing some minor variations between each. 

The sighting lasted for several minutes as the object maneuvered in the sky. There was a total absence of associated sound. The witnesses described the object as approximately 40 to 50 feet long, cigar-shaped, with a reddish color and an orange-yellow glow or light. It appeared to be hovering, then suddenly accelerated to a high speed and disappeared. The sighting occurred several months ago. There was a total absence of usual skepticism about what they had seen, which I always take as a good sign - rather, there was an air of puzzlement and an evaluation of various possibilities.

The facts, as far as I can determine them, are rather a straightforward account of what these apparently reliable witnesses saw, with rather sober and cautious interpretations. The description of the object's appearance and behavior does not seem to fit any conventional aircraft, and the absence of any sound is particularly noteworthy. I would regard this as a relatively high-quality sighting, deserving of further investigation.

- page 14 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten text and redactions.

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the output of all the text found in the document:

I consisted with of the interrogation, and it took independent notes and made drawing as were as follows to hold in view the situation. They stopped up the attention of myself and Mrs. X. Mr. and Mrs. X accompanied me. Her mother and Mrs. X young sister, age 15, were with us. The place was checked by the fact that the lights were just glowing. The sight was quite dark, and they did not give any flashers or more were on. About one mile west of Monticello, they saw two red linters in about the 11:00-position. Their first reaction was that of amazement but then immediately, however, they recognized that the lights were too far above ground level to ascertain this hypothesis, particularly as the source of the lights was somewhat difficult to describe, and they could not be satisfactorily explained. appeared the impression that there was an object in the distance, but it was too dark or foggy to grant an exact delineation of the exact outline. It was some of 1000 or more yards from their position. Two other lights were observed a little later, somewhere comparatively close to the first pair, but these were intermittent and much fainter. As the object came closer, it apparently slowed down to a hover, and fell to the floor of the car in the year. Riding as high as possible from the appearance, it was about the size of the palm of the hand. After a few minutes, the object moved out of sight to the east. More lights were seen later, but at much greater distances, and were not attractive to attention as the closer object. At the closest approach, it apparently slowed down to a hovering position, and fell to the floor of the car, diminishing in the year.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

At the closest approach, the object was behind telephone poles and telephone wires and silhouetted at an angle of about thirty degrees. It was so large that although they viewed it merely by looking through the telephone wires, some of the lights were nonetheless above the telephone wires. The arrangement of the lights, as we could best discern, were arranged as though they were on a "flying hatches" or "inverted saucer" although at no time were any of them able to see any body to the object or any superstructure. Only the fact that the lights maintained a geometrical relationship throughout the sighting led them to believe that the lights were linked attached to a physical structure of some sort. A few times they gave the impression that the red lights did appear to change in intensity, but they passed this off as being due to the object's then passing all only to the rear at which time the red glare of the object, turned on the roadlights, and drove a head to turn around.

The witness's description of the motion and pattern of the lights indicative of an intelligently controlled flight, but they did not see any shape of the object. The object disappeared very quickly into the distance or horizon. The whole duration of sighting was somewhere between five and fifteen minutes. They did drive the car a considerable distance before stopping and turning around, and as I would say five minutes is about a minimum time for the intelligent operation and that it "appeared interested in the car." At some time or other during the observation, the pilot noticed green lights as well.

All data would indicate the impression that a soliderlike shaped object had approached them.

- page 16 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image contains a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now transcribe the text from the document:

with them in detail but were forced to reject this hypothesis on several grounds. First, there was no sound whatever, even when the car had stopped. And they were hurling around. They had their radio on low (but no statie or interference was heard), and they felt that the level of the noise was sufficiently low so that a powered craft would certainly have been heard. A few seconds later, a second object program made in England, and apparently demonstrating new devices in English aircraft, exhibited a device which had much the same trajectory as their object. The device which was apparently a vertical takeoff and landing device which maneuvered in the same swift gliding motions they observed. However, such devices produce a great deal of noise. Secondly, the helicopter hypothesis fails because of size. The witnesses while driving, according to their own statements, had been a helicopter one hundred yards away. Thirdly, no landing lights were used, and it seems inconceivable that a helicopter hovering so close to the ground would not have ventured to use them. They would have constituted as close to the ground without lights being on the aircraft.

There is no possibility that the object they sighted were actually some known type of aircraft or helicopter since the object was of an entirely different character, and they are quite convinced the entire matter was related to several objects flying in formation. This is difficult to reconcile with the rapid approach and the rapid departure. Still, we could research possibilities to ascertain whether there has been some development in a reflecting device in a rotating display as such machines do represent possible solutions. However, my understanding is that nothing resembling the maneuvers described even exists out of time.

The observers are obviously intelligent people who would be poor to invent a fanciful tale. They are well adjusted, gainfully employed professional people. They are over anxious for us to tell them what it was. They are quite definite about what they saw, and it was not a helicopter.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

This was clearly not a hallucination since four people saw it and the first impressions were in rapid succession of patrol cars with blinding lights and then as the object got closer, of an airliner about to crash. There seems to be no doubt in their minds as to the very large solid object, that they had it come closer, it might just have been able to fit in between the successive telephone poles along the road. Personally, I would like to entertain the helicopter hypothesis, but cannot unless the a) angular size is in error; b) the lack of noise is explained; and c) there is an explanation for the absence of landing lights. Still, we should check to see whether a helicopter mission was operating out of Truax Airbase that night.

We should also check the weather records. The witnesses' recollection is that it was a clear night and time to lightning. If they misjudged, it could have been a different than initially thought. Scientific balloons, as I well know, if they ascend rapidly, do not audibly take off and rise rapidly. Therefore, this might just possibly be an unidentified meteor or meteor-like object, in my opinion, unless substantially more information is received. It appears to me that this has been a genuine sighting, we might have had something similar to the recent case of the helicopter near Riverton, Wisconsin, for the lack of noise. It differs, also, of course, in that there was no actual landing. This case, therefore, joins the group of unidentifieds which seems to grow as a strange (and discussed?) group. I believe it would be profitable to enquire further into this, but this time with the mother and daughter, and go over the same ground in the daylight. Weather records for that night should certainly be examined. It is especially important to determine those was an overflight, and what the wind conditions were. In view of the excellence of the observation and the apparent credibility of the witnesses, this case merits serious attention.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

As an OCR system, the text contained in the document is as follows:

"The witnesses, I find it impossible to dismiss this instance as a product of excited imaginations or as a desire for publicity, etc. Indeed, these witnesses had no intention of telling their story originally, the only factors, I believe it is, is a Marine and felt it was their duty to report it.

On the way home, all of us agreed that no formal questionnaire can bring out the sense and detail of a sighting or an adequate estimate of the reliability of the observers, that a personal interview can. But we also agreed that failing a personal interview, a request for a simple narrative statement from the witnesses, answering only a few specific questions would be preferable, at least in the first instance, to a questionnaire. 

In short, we have the witness tell in his own words, guided by just a brief outline as to what the incident seemed to be, as to what is was he saw, when was it day or night, what was the duration of the sighting and how many persons were with the observer. We can get the names, telephone numbers, etc. better if the time seems appropriate. In addition it has often been our experience that skillful questioning can unwittingly lead a witness, so a questionnaire may not be the best approach.

It can't be an unguided narrative. Just a few prepared questions. Besaides, most people would regard questionnaires as somewhat governmental, bureaucracy and may be afraid to say nothing or shying away from overcoming the normal hesitancy of telling such a report. If, on the other hand, they are asked to answer simply an oral narrative as they were telling it to a neighbor, I think we would get an added dimension that somehow has to be dealing in actual human beings and not just impersonal questionnaires. And I realize that I had to admit to having the particular questionnaire view, but I think it certainly seems an approach in any case."

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing handwritten text.

We can talk about this next time I see you. Of course, there is nothing that takes the place of a personal interview, but these are expressive and time-consuming.
By the way, I think the diagram is a pretty good one. We put a lot of work into getting the details for it.
Cordially,
Allen

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Output of the OCR text:

7 April 1964

SHOCK
U 1.0
SHOCK
SHOCK

R4040  30 AIR DEV (30-CID)

1. At approximately 13.5 hours, 7 April 1964, I took a telephone report from a male individual who identified himself as Mr. Gordon Larscum, a Major, US Mining Corps, Retired. He further declared himself to be entirely sincere and stated observations should be made known to some proper authority, that his wife and younger daughter had observed what he believed to be a UFO over their residence, that they had reported this sighting to no one previously; since we had no more out of their feelings that people 'will think we're crazy.'

2. Mr. and Mrs. ________ , young daughter (age 13), son-in-law (Mr. ________) and married daughter (Mrs. ________) were returning from a Sunday visit. At approximately 17:30 hours and about one mile west of Monticello, Wisconsin, while driving along a road, they observed what was described as a luminous, low-flying object which seemed to be headed generally in their direction.

3. Mr. and Mrs. ________ reside in Madison, both are students at the University of Wisconsin. Address is ________ Avenue.

GLEN J. LANE
Lt Colonel, USAF
Executive Officer

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. As per the instructions, I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING

AF IN : 41795 (9 APR 64)
ACTION: NIN-7
INFO : XOPX-4, XOP-1, SAFOS-3, DIA-15 (31)
SMB D032
CHEATRZCVICGG9
RR RUEAHC
DE RUCGDAH 117 28/2301Z
ZNR
R 082230Z ZEX
FM HQ CHICAGO ADS TRUAX FLD WIS
TO RUEADL/ADC ENT AFB COLO
RUCGSO/FTD WPAFB OHIO
RUEAHQ/OSAF WASH DC
RUEAHQ/CSAF WASH DC
BT
UNCLAS CHODG 24326. OSAF FOR SAFOI: CSAF FOR AFCIN:
OSAT DIV FOR 30-GIN. UFO SIGHTED 0302Z 3 APRIL 1964. BY
CIVILIAN REPORTED TO CHADS 21152 7 APRIL 1964. A. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT:
(1) SHAPE: NO SUPERSTRUCTURE, FOUR (4) MAIN SECTIONS
CONNECTED TOGETHER. LOOKED LIKE TINKER TOYS.
(2) SIZE: SMALL FERRIS WHEEL.
(3) COLOR: UNKNOWN WITH EXCEPTION OF LIGHTS.
(4) NUMBER: ONE (1)
(5) FORMATION: NONE

- page 22 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book report. The document is a typed text describing a UFO sighting report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
PG 2 OF 3
AF IN : 41795 (9 APR 64)
PAGE 2 RUCDAH 117 UNCLAS INCOMING
(S) DISCERNABLE FEATURES: FOUR (4) HUGE RED LIGHTS
ALONG WITH OTHER LIGHTS OF WHITE AND GREEN.
(7) NONE.
(8) THERE WAS NO SOUND ACCOMPANYING OBJECT.
B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE.
(1) SAW RED LIGHTS OFF ROAD.
(2) FIRST OBSERVED NEAR GROUND.
(3) TOOK OFF IN A CANTED ALTITUDE, ELEVATION AND
AZIMUTH UNKNOWN.
(4) HOVERED ABOVE GROUND
(5) OBJECT AND AUTHO APPROACHED EACH OTHER ON
PARALLEL COURSE AT APPROX 300 FT APART. OBJECT
VEERED AWAY FROM MONTICELLO AND DISAPPEARED.
(6) OBSERVATION TIME APPROX 3-4 MINUTES
C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL (GROUND)
D. TIME & DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) 03/30/64 APR 64.
(2) LIGHT CONDITION: NIGHT.
E. LOCATION OF OBSERVERS: ONE (1) MILE WEST OF
MONTICELLO, WISCONSIN.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
AF IN : 41795 (9 Apr 64) INCOMING
PAGE 3 RUCDAH 117 UNCLAS

F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION:
(1) MR. MRS. AVE., MADISON, WISCONSIN
RELIABILITY: GOOD.
(2) MR. & YOUNG DAUGHTER
ARGYLE, WISCONSIN
RELIABILITY: GOOD

G. PREPARING OFFICERS:
1ST LT CHARLES R. PIVER, 705311A
STAFF INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
CHICAGO AIR DEFENSE SECTOR

THE REPORT WAS RECEIVED FOUR DAYS AFTER SIGHTING.
SOURCES SEEM RELIABLE BUT NO INFORMATION AT THIS
HEADQUARTERS CAN CONFIRM. NO EXPLANATION OF
SIGHTING CAN BE MADE.

- page 24 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an official file copy of a letter dated April 30, 1964, addressed to a person from Arcadia, Wisconsin. The letter is signed by HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR, who is identified as being from the Aerial Phenomena Branch.

The text in the letter is as follows:

30 April 1964

Mr [redacted], Wisconsin

Dear [redacted],

Additional information is essential for evaluation of your sighting. Would you please complete the enclosed form and return it to the Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) in the envelope provided.

Thank you for reporting this unknown object to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Captain, USAF
Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 25 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official file copy of a letter dated 30 April 1964.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
30 April 1964

Mr. [REDACTED]
[REDACTED] Avenue
Madison, Wisconsin

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Additional information is essential for evaluation of your sighting. Please complete the included form and return it to Hq USAF (AFSC), in the envelope provided.

Thank you for reporting this unknown object to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR C.H. PANIELLA, JR
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena
Branch

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed report about a sighting of an unidentified object in Monticello, Wisconsin on April 3, 1964.

The text of the report is as follows:

MONTICELLO, WISCONSIN
3 APRIL 1964

Observers were leaving Monticello and heading westward on County C Road towards the town of Argyle when an incident occurred. They noticed two red blinkers in about the 11 o'clock position from the observers' location. Their first reaction was that an accident had occurred and that there police cars on a hill in the distance. Almost immediately, however, they recognized that the lights were far above the ground for such a conclusion. It turned out to be an object of unknown nature.

As the lights came closer, it apparently slowed down to a hovering position right alongside of the car, but about 20 yards to the left of the road. At this time there were four red lights. The object went behind telephone poles and wires and disappeared.

At no time were the observers able to see any body in the object or any shape throughout the sighting. They related that the lights made them believe that the object was under some type of control, relation-ship throughout the sighting led them to believe that the lights were produced by some physical structure of some kind. A few times they gave the impression that the red lights did reflect dimly off a metallic surface.

The object then passed slightly to the rear at which time the driver started the motor and drove ahead to turn around. The observers chased the object for several miles until it disappeared in the distance. The observers chased the object but the attempt was futile, because the object disappeared into the distance. The total duration of sighting was somewhere between five and fifteen minutes.

COMMENTS
Considering the possibility of some type of aircraft being responsible for the sighting has to be eliminated as none was seen in the sky according to the observers. A helicopter couldn't be responsible for the sighting because the object was much too great to have been a helicopter over one hundred yards away. Also, no landing lights were used, and a helicopter that chose to ground would have landing lights.

Scientific balloons, if they descend nearly to the ground, do not suddenly take off and rise rapidly as so reported by the observers. This tends to discount such a sighting. The weather was reported as being cloudy by the local weather bureau.

With the information available a conclusive explanation is lacking. This factor makes this case unidentified.

- page 27 -

