There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribed text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP 23/0730

2. LOCATION Cleveland, Ohio

3. SOURCE

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Visual

7. COURSE

8. PHOTOS

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE

10. CONCLUSION.
No physical evidence of an unidentified object was encountered. The object was visible for a short time only and did not operate in an unusual manner. It would disappear if the object was one of the more common astronomical phenomena commonly confused with unidentified objects.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was observed for a short time only and did not operate in an unusual manner. It would disappear and reappear which is indicative of an astronomical phenomenon such as a star, planet or meteor.

FTD FORM 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically an "U.S. Air Force Technical Information" questionnaire.

U.S. Air Force Technical Information

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on possible unidentified aerial phenomena. The information may you have will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 27 DEC 54
2. Time of day: 0700 A.M. (Circle One)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 4. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Sheffield, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 minute 20 seconds
5.1 How was its speed determined? Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at it? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. Behind you d. To your right

FTO FORM 164 - This form supersedes FTD 194, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what seems to be a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed UFO object, including questions about the stars, moon, weather conditions, and the appearance of the object.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull, not bright
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
d. Other

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Spin or roll? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It just gradually disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes No Don't Know?
If you answered YES, what was it?

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes No Don't Know?
In front of: a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Luminescent white to yellow
c. Size - Appeared to be the size of a small aircraft

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered? The object was extremely small, less than 1/4 the size of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the estimated size, shape, color, and specifically shown trails or motion. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten notes describing the object as a bright, small round or pear-shaped luminous object that moved slowly and silently, disappearing gradually.]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and answer options for the witness to fill out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (type)
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airport
e. Flying over open country
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words your object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the objects.

OCR Text Output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes  No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (type)
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you
(Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airport
e. Flying over open country
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One)
a. North    b. East    c. South    d. West

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Circle Yes or No)
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Binoculars  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No 
e. Telescope  Yes  No
f. Theodolite  Yes  No
g. Camera  Yes  No
h. Other  Yes  No

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words your object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the objects.

- page 5 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting a diagram with compass directions and various angles labeled. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve that shows how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve that shows how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the path, or "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form that has been filled out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location:
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES, and they saw the object too? (Circle One)

31.2. If yes, please give their name and address:
(redacted)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (redacted)
ADDRESS: (redacted)
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (redacted)
AGE: 42 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be relevant:
(no additional information provided)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
(redacted)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by the witness.

The text from the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 Dec
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:  

There were 5 or 6 of these objects. The objects were silvery and seemed to be glowing. They were moving fast and erratic. They seemed to be catching fire. They were moving through the sky at a very high altitude.

Report completed by Capt. E.S. Reinert.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only handwritten text.

Transcribed text:
This case was investigated by
the Air Force. They had received
a report of a sighting near 
Cleveland, Ohio on December 8, 1964.
The witness has stated that the
object which he observed had
characteristics consistent with
a helical (or spinning) motion 
in the sky. No further details are
available from the original report.

- page 9 -

