There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a form with various fields filled out.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 14 MAR 54 - 2015
2. LOCATION: Silver Springs, Maryland
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 50 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: East
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Evaluated as probably a "familiar object"

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Reports of observation of object for a short time 4-5 seconds. Non-luminous, stationary. Considered familiar, no further investigation indicated.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car -
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle Ones)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a sketch or diagram with instructions for the observer. The text portion of the document states:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "+" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "x" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form to be filled out by the witness.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle one) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle one) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. It contains a form with questions and handwritten responses.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
3-21-'64

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

(Redacted handwritten text)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, likely from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Here is the text contained in the document, transcribed using an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

Dear sirs:

After getting a "UFO" I called NASA which
called me to a division of Andrews Air Force Base, which in turn referred me to you.

I am including the data on 3 fires
which occured on March 13, 1964.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing an observation of an unidentified flying object.

Transcription of the text:

"They were very low and the moon visibility was the reason the objects seemed to be silvery as they flashed by at 1:42 in the AM. which appeared like a cut of ground level. I was at the restaurant and this time I was putting up a sign. I found the objects to be bright silvery circular things, they seemed to be about 50 feet in diameter and I would estimate their speed to be in excess of 400 miles per hour."

- page 7 -

The image shows a black smudge or marking stretching across the middle of the frame. There does not appear to be any other visual content in the image.

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
1. DATE:8 March 1964
2. TIME:1530
3. DURATION:45 minutes
4. LOCATION: Silver Springs, Maryland
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS:1
6. SHAPE OF OBJECTS: Black and white oblong object, approximately 4 feet long and 1 foot wide.
7. HOW OBJECT WAS OBSERVED: The object was sighted by two witnesses while they were driving their automobile. It was observed flying at an attitude of approximately 100 feet at a distance of about 1/4 mile.
8. DIRECTION OF MOVEMENT: The object was moving in a southeast direction.
9. SPEED OF OBJECT: Estimated at 80 mph.
10. SOUND OF OBJECT: No sound was heard.
11. WEATHER CONDITIONS: Clear sky, no wind.
12. COMMENTS: Two witnesses, who were driving south on Route 29 in Silver Springs, Maryland, at approximately 1530 on 8 March 1964, observed an unidentified object in the sky. The object was described as black and white in color, approximately 4 feet long and 1 foot wide, oblong in shape, and flying at an altitude of about 100 feet. The object was moving in a southeast direction at an estimated speed of 80 mph. No sound was heard. The sky was clear with no wind. The sighting lasted for approximately 45 minutes.
13. CONCLUSION: This sighting remains unidentified.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or note with some text and markings, including the letters "E-1".

E-1

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is an "OFFICIAL FILE COPY" dated 25 March 1964, addressed to an individual in Silver Springs, Maryland, and is signed by Hector Quintanilla Jr., who is identified as the Chief of the Aerial Phenomena Branch.

The text of the document is as follows:

25 March 1964

Silver Springs, Maryland 20903 

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Additional information is essential for evaluation of your sighting. I should you please complete the inclosed form and return it to HQ Air Force, SAPOI-FB, in the envelope provided.

Thank you for reporting this unknown object to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena 
Branch

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a questionnaire for the witness to fill out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please be as explicit as possible in answering all questions. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements or conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to be able to contact you for further details, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 03 - 03 - 1964
2. Time of day: 2:23 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Middle Street Silver Spring Maryland State or Location
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. To your left f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 286 1 JUN 64 THIS FORM SUPERSEDES FTD 154; JUL 51, WHICH IS OBSOLETE.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form with various questions about a sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcribed text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_____________________________________________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing various questions and space for the witness to provide responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with it to the object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, what percentage of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially show the trail or vapor trail if any. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 13 -

