The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which documents a sighting of multiple reported various lights and objects over Ashville, North Carolina. The text on the card has been transcribed as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 9 May 64
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 21:45
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: □ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar □ Air-Visual ■ Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS: □ Yes ■ No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: n/a
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: multiple
9. COURSE: n/a
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Multiple reports of various lights and objects were observed over Ashville, North Carolina.
11. COMMENTS: The interpretation of the observers considered the misinterpretation of conventional objects such as e/c and various stars/planets as the most prominent of which was Venus mag. -4.2.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a report documenting a UFO sighting by two students.

The text in the document is as follows:

The following is the most vivid account of the most distinct U.F.O. sighted by two students.

Date: Friday, May 8, 1964
Description: Altitude - 12,000 ft.
Sky condition: Clear
Direction: W to E, speed of airplane. After maneuver, left at amazingly fast speed. Previously, slowed down over school.
Time: 5:10 (morning)

Signed witness: "not wished to be signed"

Witness to signing: [redacted]

- page 2 -

The image contains a series of 8 sketches, numbered from 1 to 8, depicting a maneuver above a water tower. The sketches show the movement and positioning of an unidentified object, described as "MANEUVER EXACTLY ABOVE WATER TOWER".

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

SYMBOL FOR WATER TOWER
= FLYING SAUCER NOT TO SIZE.
MANEUVER EXACTLY ABOVE WATER TOWER
ONE
TWO 
THREE
FOUR
FIVE
SIX
SEVEN
EIGHT

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photographs in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing several reports of unidentified aerial phenomena sightings.

NUMEROUS OTHER SMALL REPORTS
DATE: Sunday May 3rd 1964
DESCRIPTION: Glowing white object sighted above a mountain range through telescope. Shot straight up and vanished from sight.
COMMENT: That object stayed about 2 minutes and seemed to be about the size of a softball.
TIME: 10:00 PM
OBSERVER: 3 students including myself.

DATE: Tuesday May 5th 1964 (?)
DESCRIPTION: Object seen with 11 lights "off" by two students. It was brown in color and moving through the sky.
COMMENT: It glowed out and saw far ascending to the north.
TIME: 7:40 PM
OBSERVER: A student who does not wish to have his name mentioned.

DATE: Wednesday 6th of May '64
DESCRIPTION: Orange object hovering near school ground as if observing.
COMMENT: Just a moment I noticed this strange object and observer is myself. I did not know what to do.
TIME: 6:10 PM
OBSERVER: A student who wishes no mention of his name.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PAGE Seven
NUMEROUS OTHER SMALL REPORTS (cont.)
DATE: - 3 - May '64
DESCRIPTION: dark object hovering in sky near school, had bright reddish color, oscillating or pulsing
COMMENT: "over - heard several boys mentioning it"
TIME: -? - night
OBSERVER: several boys
DATE: several years ago
DESCRIPTION: green object - N.C. - emitted bluish gooey, jelly having gelatinous aroma
COMMENT: none - see the observer
TIME: several years ago at night
OBSERVER: Mrs. Ogden's friend
DATE: general 
DESCRIPTION: other UFO's sighted in N.C. - similar (at school)
COMMENT: none
TIME: various
OBSERVER: various students

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page discusses "Mental Telepathy Associated With School" and provides details about this topic.

Transcription of the text:

MENTAL TELEPATHY ASSOCIATED WITH SCHOOL

The kids have been doing pretty good work, they are very keen on it all. They have been trying to send messages to each other, and many times they have been able to get the messages. Many times they have sent and received messages. This is a part of the C.F.O. work. This is not a new thing to them, they have been doing it for some time. The thought about it and some of them have tried to get through to the mind. When they thought about it and tried to get through, it was from the planet - it could get a fifth grader in the seventh grade. He could even think to the seventh grade and got the messages. Many students have had a "C" and "D" in certain instances remaining the same as the C.F.O. and it has been two or three world the best that they have been trying to do is minute number and. Can the C.F.O.'s contact through thought is it possible but is it not to get all who would be on the same wavelength and tentacles explanation.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

June 3, 1964

Dear [Redacted],

Reference is made to your letter of May 14, 1964 in which you enclosed a report from your instructor [Redacted] on observations of UFO's by students at the Atlantic Christian College for boys.

Our Project Office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base has reviewed the details submitted which indicates that the observations were very routine and normal. There were no unusual features or significant data submitted.

During this period there were a number of reports received, but the most significant of the planets and natural phenomena. Sincerely,

[Redacted]
MASON M. JACKES, Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Redacted]
Asheville, North Carolina

- page 7 -

The image contains a drawing that appears to be a student's depiction of a UFO or spacecraft. The drawing shows a rocket-like object with a curved top and circular features at the bottom. The text below the image states "Drawing as drawn by student who sighted."

Page three

Drawing as drawn by student who sighted.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO  

UFO Sighting, Asheville, North Carolina, 9 May 64
20 May 64 

Hq USAF SAFOI FB (Mrs Galser) 
Wash 25 D C 20330

Reference is made to an unidentified observation made by the Asheville Schools for boys, Asheville, North Carolina, on 9 May 64. There is no data submitted with indicates that the observations were anything other than stars and planets or conventional aircraft.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN A McCLERRAN, Col, USAF
Deputy Director, Technology
Foreign Technology Division

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text describing the "REPORT ON INTERNAL MOTION" and providing an "EXPLANATION OF TYPE OF MOTION" for a reported event.

I. REPORT ON INTERNAL MOTION
PART                  EXPLANATION OF TYPE OF MOTION

Parts in ink - Motion was clockwise. Approximately 40 R.P.M. clockwise. Very smooth rotation - directed mechanism had odd motion as describedim D.
COLORS INDICATED
A  
B
SPARK OR DROPPING OF OBJECT
Sparks: Caused by friction. Releasd at 5:45 PM EST Water landed. 
Object: Seen among sparks - unusually different
CIRCULAR OBJECT'S MOTION
Disk: Made an arc descending in steep diagonal motion.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

Mailing address:
Asheville School For Boys  
Asheville, N.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS SEEN  
IN THE GENERAL VICINITY  
OF  
ASHEVILLE SCHOOL FOR BOYS IN  
ASHEVILLE, N.C.

Compiled by 

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings. The text on the page appears to be a letter discussing reports of unidentified flying objects in the area of a school. The author expresses their belief that the reports are not a joke and asks for a reasonable explanation, while also stating that the reports have not been disclosed to anyone except those involved.

The U.F.O. Filtration Center - Pentag
Arlington, Virginia
Saturday- May 9, 1964

Dear Sirs:
Enclosed is part of a series of reports which have been given to me by several students here at school. 
These reports concern the sighting of various unidentified
flying objects over or in the approximate area of the
school grounds.
I hope that you can find some reasonable explanation
for this other than the one which seems apparent, but
I am inclined to think, with several other students,
that no other explanation can be found. I assure you
that none of this has been done as a joke, because we
feel that this is not a joking matter. The only incident
which we have disclosed to anyone except those involved
is Incident #1. The reaction to this by most of the
school is to be expected. They think we have spring
fever and that it is all a big joke. I can not say
I blame them due to what my reactions would be if I
were them.
We have talked this over among ourselves and I
have been persuaded to give you the whole report,
complete , as is. The reason for hesitation is due
to the fact that this story might appear to be partially
doctored up. I assure that this is not the case. We
have not made this report except for the reason to
give you a true report of the happenings here over
these days. I can also assure you that the students
who gave me these reports are not making them up.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text discussing reports made by students, and the author's intention to keep these reports confidential to avoid any unnecessary feeling among the student body. The text emphasizes that the reports are made in confidence and the author does not wish to disclose any names unless absolutely necessary.

Text from the document:

All these students are very honest. This was not made up for PUBLICITY because we have no intention of having this published. Before you is a true report of the happenings. If you wish I will send to you any other reports if there any more. I am inclined to think that there will be, due to these constant sightings. Many reports have been given to me in confidence and I do not wish to disclose any names unless you feel, for some reason,that it is necessary. Please do not say anything to any of the students here at school except those involved. We feel that this would not accomplish anything but might produce unnecessary feeling among the student body and those involved. Just for the record, one matter knows about it but will keep it in confidence. Please reply to me if you have some explanation or something else to offer. We will remain to keep this quiet for several obvious reasons.

Yours truly,
[Redacted]

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

I, a student at Asheville School For Boys, in Asheville, N.C., being of sound mind and body hereby testify that on the morning of Tuesday, May 19, 1964, at approximately 8:30 A.M., I observed a strange object in the sky over this school. U.F.O. with the following description: This is to the best of my memory: that this is not a dream or a figment of my imagination and that THIS IS A TRUE ACCOUNT OF THE HAPPENINGS to the best of my memory. The only possible deviating factors are as follows: motion of object quasi-rotational, disappeared from view while in slow motion, vertical ascent. I hereby testify to this report.

I hereby testify that I have witnessed this signing on this day 5/20/64.

I hereby testify that I have witnessed this signing on this day 10/10/64.

I hereby testify that I have witnessed this signing on this day.

- page 14 -

