There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a form from Project 10073 Record, which is likely a part of Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The form contains various fields such as "Date-Time Group", "Location", "Source", "Number of Objects", "Length of Observation", "Type of Observation", "Course", "Photos", "Physical Evidence", and "Conclusion". However, the form itself does not contain any visual information or photographs.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION
3. SOURCE
10. CONCLUSION
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS
0 YES
1 NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 YES
1 NO
FTD FORM 40-4 C-322 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire, which seems to be part of the Project Blue Book investigation.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object or objects you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be very useful in evaluating this sighting and may lead to the solution of the problem. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of sighting: (Circle One) a. Daytime b. Nighttime
3. Time zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ______________ Nearest Postal Address:
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: b. NIGHT:
Clear Overcast Hazy Slight Haze
Partly Cloudy Clear
Cloudy Hazy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. Behind you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Don't remember

OCR Output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object or objects you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be very useful in evaluating this sighting and may lead to the solution of the problem. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of sighting: (Circle One) a. Daytime b. Nighttime
3. Time zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 5241 West 23 Lorain, OH Nearest Postal Address:
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: Clear Overcast Hazy Slight Haze
b. NIGHT: Partly Cloudy Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. Behind you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

3. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright magnitude, b. Dull or hazy, c. Bright outline, d. No moonlight - pitch dark, e. Don't remember.

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds, e. Don't remember.
WEATHER (Circle One): a. 75 F, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Don't remember.

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor.

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. About the same, c. Dimmer, d. Don't know.

13.1 Comments: Reminds little of meteor but it moved slowly and slowly went out without trail. Made no noise.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know. b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes, No, Don't know. c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know. d. Give off any smoke? Yes, No, Don't know. e. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't know. f. Flash or flutter? Yes, No, Don't know. g. Disappear suddenly? Yes, No, Don't know.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   Don't know.   If yes, explain - Yes. The object moved behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   Don't know.   If yes, explain - Yes. The object moved in front of something.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound
b. Color - Bright white or silver

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match or pencil at arm's length in line with the object and note how much of the match or pencil's length it covers. If you had performed this, please indicate the fraction of the match or pencil covered by the object.
Approximately 1/3 the length of a pencil at arm's length. 

19. Draw a picture here to show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you see such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.
(No drawing provided)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes (Circle One)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1500 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes (Circle One)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1000 yd 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) --

23. Was the object a:
a. In the daytime 
b. It was illuminated
c. Flying over a city?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when sighted up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.
detail

- page 5 -

There is a sketch or diagram present in the image. The diagram shows an overhead view of an object or objects in the sky, along with some angular measurements and instructions for the observer to draw the path and changes in direction of the object(s).

Text from the image:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" in the curve of the horizon (skyline) to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass when you first saw it. 
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects move. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during its course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the 1964-07-8726075-Vermillion-Ohio.pdf7.txt file.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 If "your answered YES, who did they see the object too? (Circle One)

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Claveland, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 22 
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
- None -

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a table or list of data. The text in the table lists various dates, locations, and information about sightings or reports, but there are no images or visual elements other than the text.

COLUMBUS, OHIO
AT 02:21 AM JULY- 12, 1964 CITY, 10 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON, MOVING SE
AT 02:27 AM JULY-12, SOUTH, 6 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON, MOVING NW
AT 02:30 AM JULY-12, SOUTH, 4 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON, MOVING NW
AT 02:37 AM JULY-22 SOUTH, 7 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON, MOVING NW

- page 8 -

