The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a table with information about a UFO sighting.

30 Sept. 64 13,000'3S
2. SOURCE Civilian (CHEMIST)
3. LOCATION Cedar Grove, New Jersey
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS Four
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 45 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE West
8. CONCLUSION UNIDENTIFIED
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Four white lights or objects 3-4 to 4-th mag. in formation observed in Northern sky at twilight, seen to separate into 4 objects in straight line. Direction 45 seconds.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this particular page. 

As an OCR system, the text extracted from the document is as follows:

TO (NAME)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
3 November 1964

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek,

We have completed the evaluations of the September 1964 cases. The sightings submitted for investigation and re-evaluation have been carefully studied. The reports indicate that no further definitive conclusions can be drawn in these two cases.

We are now working with the July and August sightings and will forward the evaluations as soon as possible.

Hoping to hear from you on the January to June 1964 cases.

Sincerely,

DAVID WEBB
Aerial Phenomena Branch
Foreign Technology Division

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's study of unidentified flying objects.

Department of the Air Force
(The Pentagon)
Washington D.C.

Dear Sirs:

In spite of your official denials of such, I feel obliged to report the following UFO sighting:

Date: September 10, 1964.
Time: 20:09 EDT
Location: Cedar Grove, New Jersey
Description: Four white circular objects, approximately 3-4 feet in diameter, in a triangular formation, sighted in Northern sky. Approximately 15° above the horizon, travelling approximately west, disappearing from view in less than 15 seconds. Equally spaced, with apparent separation of about 1,000 to 1,500 feet. Visual contact lost after approximately 45 seconds.
Atmospheric Conditions: Sky clear, slight haze.
Observer: Observer is normal 31 year old male, with scientific background (Chemist). Some previous experience on instrumentation projects.

Respectfully submitted by
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

