There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing textual information.

5-20 November 64 Night
At: Petersburg, Florida 
Civilian
SATELLITES, AIRCRAFT 
Sightings resumable Satellites passages and a/c sighting reports.
Multiple reports of objects. Sightings include USAF and civilian observation over same time period.
Objects observed at the same time.
Usually South
Nil

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT - NOVEMBER, 1964

This object appeared to be drifting or gliding, as the plane's engines were turning but no propellers were visible. The speed was nearly as fast as the jet plane traveling with it. The object was sighted for possibly 30 to 60 seconds and was noted as being quite bright.

The St. Petersburg Times newspaper of November 20 carried an item stating that the police had received a report from a resident of Pinellas County, Florida, who claimed to have seen a bright object in the sky the previous evening. This person was interviewed and provided information that matched the details in the official report.

The witness was not able to identify the object, but it was described as bright and glowing. No time was given for the sighting of the other echo satellites on the scope at that time, and it was not determined if this object could have been one of the other satellites. 

The air traffic controller had contacted Mr. Cambridge to request identification, but he was not able to identify the object. The witness was persuaded to do so and upon his request, the controller gave a description of the object, but it did not match anything known. The witness stated the object was not an airplane and he was not able to identify it.

The report indicates that the object appeared to be over 100 miles distant and seemed to be just a bright light. It was tracked on the radar scope for approximately 2 to 3 minutes. The witness stated he had been appearing simultaneously with some 40 to 50 other objects on the scope, but this one seemed to be brighter and more distinct than the others. No identification was made.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text describing an unidentified aerial object observed in November 1964 in St. Petersburg, Florida.

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT - November, 1964
When still another caller asked Mr. _____ to check on the case, he scheduled No. 4 on today's schedule.

As I check this case no. 4, it probably considers himself not upon what a conspiracy. In this he and each learned others had a called Mr. an (unidentified aerial object) to confirm as identify and had called Mrs. Dunlap. 

The appelation is attached to is "UNIDENTIFIED" because it is some sort of object that definitely not an aircraft, and it not vet a balloon, and they know of other reasons why it could not be identified.

This definitely not an aircraft, and it is believed that it is not a satellite. The object was not visible for any appreciable length of time.

The sighting last only a matter of seconds. However, this could accept for the bands and while one part of the sky would be obscured another would be visible, but not sufficient to attempt to describe its motion moving object.

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT TRANSCRIBED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT - November, 1964

5 8:45 UAO started very low in due north. Rose up in direction toward due south. An establishing shot taken about 3 seconds and gone.
6 8:15 UAO from low due north toward due south. At zenith stopped.
8:13 Sabe I from low northwest to northeast. Passed right under UAO from north-northwest to south-southeast. Passed right under UAO tonight.
7 8:45 UAO from north-northeast to south-southeast.
8 7:50 Sabe I due but sky completely obscured by clouds. 
9 8:45 UAO northwest toward northeast. Stopped about 1 inch (as measured passed me length) was not moved. Dimmed out. 
10 8:45 Sabe II from low in northwest.
9:15 Sabe II north northwest to southeast.
11 9:17 Sabe II high in northeast.
9:30 Sabe II from northeast to southwest. A definite turn was made.
12 7:49 Sabe II from north to south.
9:54 UAO from northwest toward northeast. Stopped about 1 inch west of capella, paused 3 or 4 seconds, dimmed out. Redder than sabe was observed to be visible this date.
13 6:50 UAO started in north-northeast, traveled toward south-southeast. Came back in same direction then to north-northeast then to south-southwest.
UAO made another pass from northwest to northeast but the object did not increase velocity nor was it definite as to direction. It was slightly wider than high. No object was observed behind flight.
14 7:48 Sabe I from new northwest.  
3:18 Sabe II due but sky completely obscured by clouds.
15 7:00 UAO disappeared just before dimming out.
16 7:47 Sabe II high in northwest.
17 8:59 Sabe I northwest to northeast.
18 6:50 Sabe I northwest to northeast. Passed below UAO.
6:00 UAO from high northwest to northeast. Passed below UAO.
19 7:34 Sabe I from low northwest to high northeast.
7:44 UAO from north-northwest to southwest.
20 7:13 Sabe I due low in north. Too cloudy.
7:11 UAO northwest to southwest in lower portion of sky.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document about unidentified flying objects. 

INTERPLANETARY INTELLIGENCE
UNIDENTIFIED
FLYING OBJECTS
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA
5464 E. 34th Ave., No.
St. Petersburg, Florida 33710
November 21, 1964

Major Hector Quintanilla
USAF (APS6)
Intelligence Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Herewith attached is a log of our observations of an unidentified object.
Dr. Raymond G. Bowers suggested we forward this to you.
We have been unable to reconcile these sightings with the available schedules for some I and GCBF 11. 
We would appreciate your advice as to the identification of this object.

Yours truly,
Joan Whittneour
Representative for State of Florida
I. U. G. U. F. O.

Joan Whittneour
Interplanetary Unidentified Flying Object Research Organization
6135 - 66th St. No., Lot 135
St. Petersburg, Florida 33709

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book document, containing an address label and mailing information.

AFTER 6 DAYS RETURN TO
Mrs. Joan Whritencur
6164 - 31st Ave. No.
ST PETERSBURG, FLORIDA 33710

Major Hector Quintanilla
HQ PTD (AFSC)
Box 314
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF:  TDSA/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Sightings, November 1964, Florida

TO:  Hq USAF SAFOI FB (Mrs Hunt) 
WASH D C 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from Joan Whitemour and Mrs Helen G Hartmann pertaining to unidentified flying objects.

2. The following is a suggested reply:

We have received your reports from 5-20 Nov 64 regarding various observations of satellite-like objects.

On the limited data presented for each observation it is impossible to make a firm statement as to the cause of each sighting. However, the characteristics presented do not indicate that these sightings could not have been caused by the passage of various satellites and/or high flying aircraft.

In reporting observations a certain minimum amount of information is required for evaluation. This includes a description of the object, duration of the sighting and the time motion sequence if others reported any motion.

These objects reported may or may not be caused by the same phenomena. It is unlikely that all of the sightings are actual UFOs. The definite curves (not an illusion) have significant periods of time, were accurately reported, and the echo schedule for November are available.

The characteristics presented do not indicate a balloon observation: meteorological sightings or other phenomena; however, it is difficult to determine how the witness can state that the object was definitely not an airplane.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
COLONEL USAF 
Deputy Director
Foreign Technology Division
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from Maj. Heston M. Jacks of the USAF's Directorate of Information Office, discussing various observations of unidentified flying objects reported during the period of 5-20 November 1964. The letter provides details on the observations, including the descriptions of the sightings, the time motion sequences, and the balloons or other phenomena that may have been mistaken for aircraft. The letter also mentions that the observations reported may or may not have been caused by the reported sightings.

Dear Miss Whitenour and Mrs. Hartmann:

We have received your reports from 5-20 November 1964 relating various observations of satellite-like objects.

On each item listed data presented for each observation was the possible to make a brief statement of the cause of the object: However, the detailed information presented could not have been caused by the passage of various satellite and/or space vehicles.

Reporting observations a certain minimum amount in is information that may include the description of the sightings, the time motion sequence if the objects were reported motions.

These objects reported may or may not be caused by the known phenomena. However, those sightings making definite turns and may have significant brighter than most of the sightings. Those sightings making definite turns and may have significant will probably be identified by the end of November.

The characteristics presented do not indicate a balloon observation, astronomical planets, or other phenomena. The object described was definitely not an airplane.

Sincerely,

HESTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Directorate of Information
Office of Information
St. Petersburg, Florida, 33709

- page 8 -

