The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

1. DATE - 7-8-64
2. LOCATION - WINCHESTER, VIRGINIA
3. SOURCE 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS - 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION - 
7. COURSE -
8. PHOTOS - 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE - 
10. CONCLUSIONS - 
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS - REPORT RECEIVED AND REVIEWED. NO UFO DISCUSSED. STANDARD FORM. (FORMS OTHER THAN THE ABOVE MAY BE USED.)

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be a blank page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

Case I
Case II

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document or letter related to a television repair service in Akron, Ohio.

Dear sir:
I was informed to call on you in reference to an unidentified flying object sighting near Winchester, Virginia on June 23, 1964. We received this report from Calvin W. Burdett, who claims to have witnessed the object while working near Winchester, Virginia, on the above date. We would like any further information on this sighting that you may be able to provide us. If any photographs or film records were made of this incident, it would be greatly appreciated if you would send any information on the project. Your prompt reply would be greatly appreciated.
Sincerely yours,
PRODUCER

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by an observer. The document contains various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object, including details such as the time, location, duration, and description of the sighting.

Here is the text transcribed from the document using OCR:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please 7? in ansuers to many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for analysis and conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is necessary we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    5    7   64
  Day  Month  Year

2. Time of day:     7:20      
                   Hour    Minutes
    (Circle One):  A.M.  or  P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
    (Circle One):  a. Eastern
                   b. Central
                   c. Mountain
                   d. Pacific
                   e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Winchester            Virginia 
    City or Town          State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    20    Hours  Minutes  Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY           NIGHT
    a. Bright     a. Bright
    b. Hazy      b. Cloudy
    c. Cloudy
                 
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One):  a. In front of you
                   b. To your right
                   c. To your left
                   d. To your rear
                   e. Overhead
                   f. Don't remember

FTCA.1130-1. * -

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text in a document format. As per your request, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you observe regarding the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. A few
c. Average number
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thin or cirrostratus clouds
e. Overcast

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
It was about the same as a standard very bright light.

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clearly outlined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?  No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)      Yes      No      Don't Know.      If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)      Yes      No      Don't Know.      If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - There was no sound. it just quit.
b. Color - It was a white light, just like a star.

18. We wish to know the angular size, hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object was covered by the match head? ALL of the object was covered by this match stick.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. 
Please do not include specific identifying details about the object if it contained a human face.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be an old project blue book report document containing a form with various questions.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)        Yes        No       

IF you circled YES, the speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)        Yes        No

IF you circled YES, the distance would you estimate? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
  a. Inside a building
  b. Outside 
  c. Outdoors (type) 
  d. In an automobile
  e. At sea
  f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
  a. In the business section of a city?
  b. In the residential section of a city?
  c. In open country?
  d. At an airport?
  e. Flying over own country?
  f. Flying over other country?
  g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving?  (Circle One)
a. East           c. South         e. Southwest
b. Northeast     d. Southwast     f. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?      55   miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)         Yes           No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
  a. Eyeglasses        Yes   No
  b. Sun glasses       Yes   No
  c. Windshield        Yes   No
  d. Window glass      Yes   No
  e. Binoculars        Yes   No
  f. Telescope         Yes   No
  g. Theodolite        Yes   No
  h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a sketch or picture of the object or objects which you saw. If it was a star in motion, in other words it was a moving star.

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains two sketches - one of a trajectory path and another of a circular object with rays emanating from it. The text on the page provides instructions for the reader to imagine that they are the observer at the point shown in the first sketch, and directs them to place markers on the sketch to indicate the positions where they first observed the object, where it disappeared, and any changes in direction during the sighting. The text also asks the reader to draw a picture showing the motion of the object, and questions whether there was more than one object observed and the direction they were traveling.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the record line to show the point where you first saw the object (outline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the sketch where you last saw it. Place an "X" on the diagram where you think the object changed direction (if any).

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture showing how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and spaces to fill in responses.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give a date or date and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO 
32. If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
Please give their names and addresses.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a questionnaire or report form, likely from Project Blue Book, with questions and spaces for providing information.

34. Data you completed this questionnaire:
___ Day ___ Month ___ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

