The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a Project 10073 Record Card from Dallas, Texas. The card provides information about a UFO sighting, including the date, location, type of observation, number of objects, and comments.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 15 Feb 64
3. DURATION GROUP: not reported
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not reported 
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Letter answered by SAPOI from witnessot forwarded for file. Returned to I & E 1/27
2. LOCATION: Dallas, Texas
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: multiple
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon
Possible Balloon
Possible Aircraft
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown
11. COMMENTS: SAPOI evaluated as possible s/v.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph included in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image appears to be a typed document with some text.

OCR Output:

Dear and the two
The office of the President has asked the Air Force to reply to your letter of recent date in which you reported seeing some unusual aerial phenomena in the Dallas area.

A check of our records reveals that the Naval Intelligence Command has furnished information to the Air Force that on April 15, 1963, they observed unidentified aerial objects over that area. They have no report, however, of any observations which you made no coincidental. They must nearly coincidental. Their report, "AP-13, says you must nearly be coincidental. Their report, "AP-13, says only the very unusual on the form of the object p-36, are painted with fluorescent red and white paint so that you may observe them. These cased may have been a practice runw of this type.

Many times, after the sun has set and it is dark, objects may seem to glow in the air. This is largely an illusion caused by the contrast with the dark background.

Balloons can give this appearance, even high flying planes or birds with a great deal of white on their undersides.

We are enclosing these procedures, one for each of you, regarding an unusual report on aerial phenomena. This information on sightings of Unidentified Flying Objects and explain how the Air Force investigates and evaluates these reports.

Thank you for reporting this observation. We hope this explanation will be of interest to you.

COORDINATED BY: (Office Symbol)

C. R. CARLSON
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Public Information Division

Dallas 25, Texas

- page 2 -

