There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a structured form with various fields for recording details about a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

1. DATE TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION
3. SOURCE
10. CONCLUSION
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
7. COURSE
8. SPEED
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
FTD 72-A-039 (1/73) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

29. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  YES  NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

30. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  YES  NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

31. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)  
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. On an aircraft (type)
e. Other

32. Were you (Circle One)
a. Alone
b. With one other person
c. With a group

24.1 If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.2 What direction were you moving?  a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.3 How fast were you moving?  __ __ miles per hour.
24.4 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?  (Circle One)  YES  NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No
e. Other 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a drawing, sketch or diagram of the object or objects which, when shown to you, will most clearly indicate what you observed.
(Respondent's comment)

- page 2 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting an illustration for a UFO report. The sketch shows a circular object with radiating lines, and the accompanying text provides instructions for how to use the sketch to visualize the orientation and movement of the observed object. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that your are at the point shown. Place a "T" on the ground where the object was shown. How high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where the object was located.

28. Draw a sketch that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a sketch of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 3 -

The image contains a diagram with trajectory lines and a compass-like symbol. The diagram appears to be part of a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
1964-XX-9421130-MIDDLETOWN-OHIO.PDF4.TXT

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?  Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a Project Blue Book form. The text on the form includes questions and fields for the witness to provide information about their UFO sighting, such as their name, address, and details about the object they observed.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If 'YES' give date, my details and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw this object? (If 'YES' who?)

32. Please give the following information about yourself.

NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: [redacted] SEX: [redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be relevant.

33. When and where did you observe this object?

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, with a form-like layout and blank spaces for filling in information. The document appears to be part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

Converting the text content in the image to output:

24. Data you completed this questionnaire:
     Day      Month      Year

25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this document. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire page for a UFO sighting report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena you have observed. Please be as specific and comprehensive in your answers as you possibly can. The information that you give will be carefully analyzed, and if it is determined that further investigation is warranted, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
6. Condition:
6.1 Partly Certain
6.2 Was object stationary or moving?
6.3 What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the witness's observations of an unidentified object.

OUTPUT FROM OCR:

9. IF you saw the OBJECT at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS: (Circle One) 1. None 2. More than usual 3. Less than usual
b. MOON: (Circle One) 1. None 2. Full moonlight 3. Crescent
4. Don't remember

10. What was the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER: (Circle One) 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Solid overcast

11. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Blinking light
d. All light

12. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One) 
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
Appear and disappear suddenly? Yes No Don't know
Give off smoke or exhaust? Yes No Don't know
Change shape? Yes No Don't know
Shine brighter and dimmer? Yes No Don't know 
Move in an irregular course? Yes No Don't know
Disappear behind something? Yes No Don't know

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? It so, how?
-

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one)   YES      NO       Don't know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one) YES     NO      Don't Know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -
b. Color -

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object it hides. Tell us how many times the length of the match stick fills the apparent size of the object. This is a rough but valuable estimate of the object's angular size.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that seem to you important, such as the color, or whether there are any structures on the surface. If you saw motion, please make sure the drawing shows the direction the object was moving.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, how many miles per hour would you say it was?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. Alone
b. With others

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West

24.2 How fast were you moving? approximately miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop or get out of the car while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a comparison between the object sighted and any common object known to you, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw?

- page 10 -

The image contains a diagram with two sketches - one showing the movement of an object and another showing a circular shape. There is also text below the sketches, but no photographic image is present in this particular page.

27. Figure an object was above the horizon (degrees) when you first saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

25. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Please an "X" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

26. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arrayed, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but instead appears to be a handwritten document. The document appears to be some kind of report or log entry, with handwritten text describing observations or details related to a UFO sighting.

Text transcribed from the image:

"Diagram 9/21/64
Observation 
On the evening of 9-21-64 this observer was in the backyard at approximately 8 p.m. when he noticed a bright light, appearing to be about 1 mile high and about 1/2 mile away. The light was about the size of a basketball and was glowing with a bluish-white hue. The light appeared to be stationary at first, but then it began to move slowly to the southeast, stopping occasionally and then continuing on its course. This movement continued for about 10 minutes, at which time the light suddenly shot straight up at a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight.
The weather was clear at the time of the observation and there were no clouds or other obstructions in the sky. No sound was heard during the observation.
This observer found the incident quite puzzling and can offer no satisfactory explanation for what was observed."

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire or form.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so, give date and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Last name CENSORED, First name CENSORED, Middle initial CENSORED
ADDRESS CENSORED Street, CENSORED City, State CENSORED, Zip CENSORED
TELEPHONE NUMBER CENSORED
SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be relevant.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, showing a form with questions and blank space for responses.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Mar.

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a descriptive explanation of your sighting.

- page 14 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with some redacted or obscured text at the top, followed by a blank page.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document:

There is no text in the document aside from the redacted or obscured text at the top of the page.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned image of an envelope or document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program. The text on the document is:

"Walter Air Force Station
Middletown, Ohio"

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the "Foreign Technology Division" of the United States Air Force.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO: PDBFC
ATTN OF: TDAD

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

Dear sir:

Attached is the attached letter from that was referred to the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base for reply. It is in connection with the sighting of a UFO and the writer is requesting information regarding this sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

/s/ WALTER F. TORGERSEN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
Directorate of Science & Technology

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force, Office of the Secretary, dated August 31, 1964. The document is a memorandum addressed to "Dear Miss [redacted]" and is signed by "MASON H. JACOBS, Major, USAF, Information Division, Office of Information."

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
MEMORANDUM
August 31, 1964

Dear Miss [redacted],

With reference to your report of an unidentified sighting on August 25th, we have analyzed the details and find the information to be of interest.

A self-addressed envelope is included for your convenience.

MASON H. JACOBS
Major, USAF
Information Division
Office of Information

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, likely part of Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about any UFO sighting. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used to establish the facts with any observations.
1. When did you see the object?
2-5-64 Dusk
2. Time of day: (Circle One) 
A.M. or P.M.
3. From zone: (Circle One)
a. Daylight
b. Dusk
c. Dark
d. Sunrise
e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Middletown, Ohio, City of Franklin Drive, State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5 minutes
6. Characteristics: 
a. Shape: Round
b. Color: White
c. Size: Small
d. Brightness: Bright
e. Not very sure
6.1 How did object first appear?
Suddenly appeared
6.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
7. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. Day
b. Night
c. Cloudy

The text extracted from the image appears to be the full contents of the document, as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system would produce.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8-2 MOON (Circle One):
a. None
b. Bright moonlight
c. Full moonlight
d. Hazy or cloudy
e. Don't remember

9. WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Partly cloudy
c. Overcast
d. Raining or light rain
e. Moderate or heavy rain
f. Foggy
g. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One):
a. Merely a bright light
b. Like a star, only slightly larger
c. Circular or oval
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to speed up and slow down at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Appear to stop and stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Change in brightness at any time? Yes No Don't know
d. Change in shape at any time? Yes No Don't know
e. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

Very bright and low in the Northern sky Suddenly it was gone.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?

(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered "Yes", then tell what:

Partially obscured by low cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?

(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered "YES", then tell what:

Partially obscured by low cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:

a. Sound _There was no sound_
b. Shape _Round_
c. Color _ White_ 

18. We wish to know the angular size, hold a match at arm's length in line with the object, and measure, how much of the match the object would cover. If this experiment is inconclusive, give us your best estimate of the size of the object as you saw it.

Object about the size of a quarter, about the same size as the head of a match.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate what trails or other visible effects you may have seen trailing the object as it moved.

[A hand-drawn sketch is provided.]

- page 21 -

