The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 November 64, 15/2200Z
2. LOCATION: Waldwick, New Jersey
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION. Reason for conclusion: Insufficient data. Possible additional data lacking: Time motion sequence and positional data lacking.

- page 1 -

The image provided appears to contain a photograph of a text document titled "TWO COUPLES FLEE A HOVERING LIGHT". The text describes an incident where two couples witnessed a hovering light and fled from the scene. There are no identifiable humans in the image.

TWO COUPLES FLEE
A HOVERING LIGHT

Four people, who wished to remain anonymous, reported they saw a strange light hovering in the sky on the night of Nov. 2, 1964. The light hovered over the Pascadero nursery, and when they approached, the light suddenly flashed and moved back and forth. When it flashed again, the people felt it was about as big as a basketball.

Hulsen, 29, and Diane Myers, 20, the four witnesses, said the light then hovered over them. They fled into the house, saying they would have been "cooked" if they had stayed. Then the light went off.

Hulsen checked out the door, saw the light move back away, and then it went off. "Then it took off," said Hulsen. "I guess we couldn't go that fast."

He called Bureau of Forest Ranger Raymond Cavallaro, who called the police office. Deputies who arrived at the scene were unable to locate the light.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Information Only
Sources: A.P.R.O. Bulletin, November 64

Mystery Light Panics Couple

At 8:15 p.m. on 3 November 1964, Rudolph Huster, 50, carpenter, and Blanche Huster, his wife, were out walking their backing dog at the Mutano Girl Scout Camp near Pescadero, California. Both suddenly saw a very bright light "about the size of a half dollar" which was hovering about 40 feet off the ground, approximately in the northeast sky. 

Huster said it was "high in the sky" and "just too brilliant to look at." The light pulsated approximately once every 5 seconds. It started to move and began to climb higher. When it reached a point about 150 feet high, the light suddenly disappeared.

Huster said there was no sound, just became larger and larger. Huster told deputies of the incident the next morning and said that after the light disappeared, the couple rushed back into the house and brought their wives out to watch. The light, however, did not reappear. 

The object immediately responded and moved away from the house and went up and off to the north. Huster said the object moved "like a full moon." It was as big as a football.

As the couple went back into the house and brought their wives out to watch, the object immediately responded and moved away from the house and went up and off to the north. Huster said the object moved "like a full moon." It was as big as a football.

The four people then called the Mutano Forest Ranger or Raymond Cavallero, who called the sheriff's office. Deputies who were sent out to the camp reported the object was gone.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this particular page. 

Produced text:
No Case: Information Only
Source: BLUE BOOK, VOL. 2, p. 1
Date: ELECTION NIGHT JITTERS

The double feature fighting of the same or similar object was observed by seven people. First, as the object came toward the home of the young Leidigons, as observed by five persons. Just at the moment the object seemed to be over the home it appeared to suddenly change its shape and turn or twist completely around. The girls and Mrs. Leidigon watched this shape change for about 5 seconds before the object moved on. 

The object, according to their story, had suddenly changed in shape from a round, glowing ball to a rectangular or cubical appearance. 
Then, about 30 minutes later the same or a similar object was seen by two other persons moving in the same general direction the first had gone. 

The girls claim that for a brief second or two before the change, the shape was not necessarily symmetrical. Nancy said as it turned and changed in shape, it appeared to have some kind of opening or orifice on one side, but she was not sure.

It is reported that the width of the object corresponded to the width of the Leidigon house which is about 40 feet wide.

The flight was illuminated by a glow around the object, Nancy said, and there was no attached or protruding parts visible. The night was clear and there was no wind.

The next morning, the girls decided to look around where the phenomenon had been observed. They found a circle in the ground, about 40 feet in diameter, where the grass was matted down.

Accompanying the second sighting was an unusual sound that the neighbors describe as short bursts, until 1000 F.M. They said it was a whooshing, sighing sound, with a click.

All the details, times, and sightings were checked by an investigator and found to be apparently authentic. The investigator could find no evidence of a hoax and stated that the girls were normal youngsters who seemed quite upset over their experiences. They were unwilling to be interviewed further. The report states that "there is no apparent reason to disbelieve the reports of these girls." This was considered a very puzzling case by the investigator.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

No Case, Information Only
Source: BLUE BULLETIN, Vol 2, # 1

4 November 1964
Bath Township, Ohio

On that same morning, in Bath Township, Ohio, a woman on the Bath Road, where she noticed a shiny object in the western sky which she felt was unusual. The object was at about 10 degrees elevation and moved slowly in a southerly direction. It was visible for approximately 40 seconds. The witness is a reliable person.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, with text describing an incident that occurred in Springfield Township, Akron, Ohio.

No Case, Information Only
Source: USAF Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1
4 November 1964
Springfield Township, Akron, Ohio

The text describes an incident where a witness saw an unusual object in the sky that had a triangular shape and was emitting a bright light. The object was reportedly moving erratically and was observed for several minutes before it disappeared. The report provides additional details about the sighting but does not include any photographs.

- page 6 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

No Case, Information Only
Source:* PROJ Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1

Olmsted Falls, Ohio: November 8, 1964 - 6:00 P.M.
The two principal witnesses were Mrs. Alfred Haag, Luanne Haag 14.
They observed a bright object in the sky which they described as cylindrical in shape. The object had pulsating lights and seemed to be hovering, then it moved away at a high speed. They said it was unlike any aircraft they had seen before.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a bright flash seen in the sky over Lake Michigan on November 7th.

Information Only
Sources: Saucers News, Vol 12, #1, March 1965

Bright flash in the sky - - - On November 7th, a large and extremely bright flash in the sky, reported on both sides of Lake Michigan, - - the flash was seen by residents - - - - seven Wisconsin counties, and it was also reported by at least three pilots, the incident being attributed to lightning.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with text describing a reported UFO sighting over Lake Michigan, where authorities said it was probably an exploding meteor.

U. S. SIGHTINGS
November 7, 1964 - Huge flash of light seen over Lake 
Michigan. Authorities said it was probably an exploding meteor.
(Unclassified)

Source: USAF Bulletin, Vol 2, #1

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any discernible photograph or visual content. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a Project Blue Book report.

NEW "PHYSICAL EVIDENCE" - Dr. J. Krain, a trained psychologist, and parapsychologist, has examined the strange thread-like substance which he discovered while driving his car some time during 1964. This substance, according to Dr. Krain, is "considerably stronger than ordinary thread," and was lying in a small clump on the highway. Dr. Krain took samples of it which he had analyzed by an independent laboratory specializing in this type of material. The analysis showed "remarkable" findings. The substance was found to be identical with a material previously reported by two American scientists to have been found by them also on a highway. The earlier analysis of this substance had shown it to be of unexplained or "unknown" origin. Dr. Krain could not identify the substance or determine its origin, and gave it to Dr. Eugene Schwartz, one of America's leading parapsychologists, for further study and analysis. The material is reminiscent of angel's hair, but is not the same. Since angels' hair is composed of silicate material that is normally woven, this substance which Dr. Krain has discovered is a completely new type of material for which no scientific explanation is available. Whoever finds such material should immediately give it to a chemical laboratory for scientific analysis, as it may prove to be a significant discovery.

- page 10 -

The image contains no photograph, only a typed text report.

Transcription of the text:

Farmer Observes Sphere

At 8:00 p.m. on 7 November 1964 Trevor Foulds, a farmer in Waitaki, New Zealand, responded to his son John's call to watch a light in the northern sky. Foulds went outside and saw a ball of light, brighter than any star traveling south toward him.

The UFO homesteaded in the hills 1,000 feet above sea level. Using his night binoculars Foulds saw and another witness, who has asked to remain anonymous, observed the UFO. It first appeared in the north to the southern horizon.

Foulds, like other farmers in the area, has been observing on behalf of APRO, said that two minutes prior to "first sighting" the trees shook. They had seen a bright light in the east move toward the west. The object presented a spherical shape in the east more clearly and a quarter moon was seen to the west behind the shining luminous object.

It, did not pass directly overhead, but rather slightly away-presenting a vertical elliptical shape. The object presented a spherical shape in the east more clearly and a quarter moon was seen to the west behind the shining luminous object.

According to Foulds, the object was approximately 40 feet in diameter and was surrounded by a brilliant white light, with a dark band around the center. The rotating light seemed to be a brilliant white and were moving downwards and towards the center. The object was observed for about ten minutes, during which it disclosed 6 jet-like objects at the rear, the nature of which was not determined. The jets gave off a brilliant light blue flame. Mr. Foulds was unable to identify the craft, which lasted the full of his observation.

Foulds, his son John (18) and a worker named John (41) all observed the craft, but apparently were clearly as they were not equipped with binoculars.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or report from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

Waldwick, N.J. 07463
11/15/64

Dear Sirs:
At approximately 5:30 P.M. EST, we saw what we believe a UFO. Let me give you the facts leading up to this sight. At 5:30 P.M. just a bit cloudy after the sun had gone. At 5:32 P.M. 2 boys and I walked with 3 or 4 of the girls down town for a soda and then drove the girls home. We arrived at a railroad crossing, here was the first time we saw the object. It was hovering just over the tracks. We watched it as it came across the sky a distance and we thought it was an airplane. As it got closer we could see that it was not an airplane but a strange object. It had a hazy reddish orange glow around it and it just hovered, there was no visible means of propulsion. Then it started to move again and it was traveling at a very high rate of speed, approximately 1,600 to 2,500 M.P.H. It went across the sky and was out of sight in a matter of seconds. The sky was still partly clear and pollution free. There is no doubt in our minds that this was not an airplane or a satellite. It was something that was quite unusual and had us all puzzled. I will appreciate any information you can give us regarding this sighting. If you have any information on sightings near this area, please let me know.

Thanking you in advance.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

Information Only
Continued A.F.B.O. Bulletin, January 65

Disc Formations Over El Paso Formations . . .

Several residents in El Paso, Texas, observed formations (like a V formation for birds fly) on the night of November 9, 1964. Two families feel that electrical phenomena may have been related to the passing of these objects. They were about half the size of a Cine-stream, color - white and grayish in color. Mrs. Gene "T" called a local radio and TV station and told them what he had seen, however - Mrs. "T" was informed that it was not an unusual sighting as many calls had come from northeast El Paso and they had about 30 similar reports. We are a block or so from Fort Bliss. The reporter said he had no more news. this was on November 9.

"On Monday night, November 9 at 8:15 p.m. my husband and I saw 10 to 12 disc-like lights traveling from north to south in a west-southwest direction. They were in a chain-like formation (like a formation of geese) and then they spiraled up and the chain broke up into three or four smaller groups... They disappeared from sight."

Our neighbors came outside complaining that their house lights were flickering with her refrigerator turning off and on.

"This news of this was in the newspapers-we did not report this either."

Tuesday, November 10, at 8:20 p.m.
I saw about 10 to 12 disc-like lights (they moved too fast to count) moving back and forth north and headed south. They

(See "Formations", page 2)

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, featuring typed text at the top that reads "No. Case: Information Only Source: PSDG Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1 11 November 1964 Akron, Ohio".

Text output:

No. Case: Information Only
Source: PSDG Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1
11 November 1964
Akron, Ohio

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this document. 

Information Only
Buenos Aires, Argentina
14 November 1964

FLYING SAUCERS OVER ARGENTINA: On the night of November 12th, mysterious disc-shaped objects were observed over the city of San Francisco. These unidentified objects stopped the sky at about 7:15 p.m. and hovered for several minutes - the speed of a man-made earth satellite, according to a spokesman for the Directorate of Meteorology. Here pilot's crew member on an Argentine plane reported that these unidentified objects, either in speed or orbital flight.- Several persons in a truck traveling along a highway near Rosario claimed to have seen a fast-moving brightly-lit object swooped down on their truck several times. These incidents occur just two days in a continuing Argentine flap - some events and witness reports of little men. Unfortunately, our clipping services do not send us more than a small percentage of these reports.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report about a "Mystery Object Over Argentina" observed by astronomers at the San Miguel Observatory.

Information Only
Center A P R O Bulletin, January 1965

Mystery Object Over Argentina

Astronomers at the San Miguel Observatory near Buenos Aires, Argentina, reported seeing a strange, elongated, flattened and reddish-colored object which appeared to speed across the southern sky at 34 times the speed of a jet plane on the night of November 7th.

The object, elongated, flattened and reddish-colored, traveled from west to east in 2 minutes and 10 seconds (8:40) and from west to east in 3 minutes later (8:43). The astronomers who observed the mysterious object said it crossed the meridian-zenith, travelling in four directions in succession. It did not resemble any known type of aircraft, and that even taking into account different orbital heights, the difference in speed was phenomenal.

The above information also stated that the preceding Thursday (November 5) a man near Paraná, in the northern Province of Entre Ríos, reported to police that he had seen a fast-moving light, object showing flashing blue and white flashes sweeping over several times on their vehicle.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Text from the document:

"14 November 1964
Waldwick, Ohio

November 14, 1964...8:44 P.M...An Avon elementary school principal reported by telephone from Main Street, and personnel of the Avon Police Department checked the report. The witness, a woman named Mary Barclay, reported seeing an object in the sky which she said looked like a 'bright star'. The object, she said, was plainly visible against the background of the night sky. It stopped, was plainly visible and again, but that was the last she saw of it.

Observer: Mr. Ralph Tate."

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which contains a detailed table listing various sightings of unidentified objects during the period of 15-30 November 1964.

15 - 30 NOVEMBER 1964 SIGHTINGS
DATE       LOCATION                   OBSERVER       EVALUATION
15         75 NM NW of Midway Islands   -----          ASTRO (METEOR SHOWER)
16-20/1    Des Blue Hill, Maine        -----          AIRCRAFT
17         18.40W  67.2N (Atlantic)    -----          Insufficient Data
17         65.43N  28.20W (Atlantic)   -----          Satellite
18         34.52N  120.45W (Pacific)   USCO Watchc    Satellite
19         Shirley, Massachusetts      USCO Military  UNIDENTIFIED
19         41.00N  74.00W (Pacific)    USCO Military  UNIDENTIFIED
19         34.35S  164.05E (Pacific)   USCO Military  UNIDENTIFIED (SCINTILLATING)
20         Lakeland, Florida           USCO MATAGORDA Satellite
23         33.59N  161.93E (Pacific)   USCO MATAGORDA Satellite
30         33.59N  164.18E (Pacific)   USCO MATAGORDA Satellite

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE       LOCATION                   SOURCE        EVALUATION
16         Lolos, Montana              Science News Ltd. -
17         Buenos Aires, Argentina     Newspaper     -
27         43.43N  71.30W (Atlantic)   News Clipping -
30         Grand Valley, Pennsylvania  News Clipping -

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. The text on the document appears to be an address to "The Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio" from Waldwick, N.J.

The text in the document is:

"The Technical Intelligence Center
Wright - Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio"

- page 19 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or official file copy related to a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

UFO SIGHTING, Waldwick, New Jersey, 15 NOV 64 
2 DEC 64

HQ USAF SAFOI PR (Mr Hunt) 
WASH D C 20330

1. THIS OFFICE IS IN RECEIPT OF AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT FROM MR. D. C. SMITH, FAIRLAWN, NEW JERSEY, 2/7/64. RECORDS SHOW NO PREVIOUS CORRESPONDENCE FROM OR CONCERNING THIS CASE.

2. WE ARE UNABLE TO EVALUATE THE LIGHTS WHICH MR. SMITH OBSERVED, ON 15 NOV 64 OVER WALDWICK, NEW JERSEY, ON THE LIMITED DATA PRESENTED. IT IS SUGGESTED THAT A FACT SHEET BE INCLUDED WITH YOUR REPLY.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCHHEERE
COLONEL, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Operations

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which appears to be a letter from the Office of Information to someone named Mr. [REDACTED] regarding an unidentified flying object report.

The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

This refers to your letter of 19 November 1964 which requested an evaluation of the observation of an unidentified flying object over Waldwick, New Jersey.

Attached for your information is a report on Project Blue Book which is the Air Force project on unidentified flying objects. Sincerely,

I. ATCH Blue Book Report

MAJOR [REDACTED]
Chief 
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Waldwick, New Jersey, 17463

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

OCR output:

OCT-NOV 1964 pg. 3,6 
Difficult to become 
a reliable report.

Dear Ed:

I was not looking for UFO's. I was a commercial artist working in Waldwick, N. J. on a special project at the time of the sighting. On 10/31/64 I observed what appeared to be a very large silver object, oval in shape, high in the sky, near the horizon and moving in a northeasterly direction at a high rate of speed. It seemed to be glowing and flashing and I watched it for a few minutes. When I turned to call my wife to look at it, the object had disappeared from sight. I was not looking for anything like this and I can't volunteer why I noticed it in the first place. All I know is that it was a strange and impressive sight. 

I realize this report is hazy and not as complete as desired, but I hope it is of some value to you. If you have any other questions, please let me know.

Sincerely,
Carl


- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten report or document.

The text in the document is as follows:

"The fire would cut right out from that object it was high first would start with a more like a small flame. Then as it got larger, and larger, it was a more solid like normal, may be yellow in color, like flaming. 
Then it just gone, though the motion of the figure was slow. The woman but asked of any body had called about a saucer? the answer is no, but the size of a mans head is in diameter. Mayabe twelve to fifteen feet high maybe, and that's when the flame first appeared that I saw. The woman well thinklarge the game, and that is what normally did see. He is now out of sight, so I cannot further mention of the character. A minute, quiet a minute. Good evening and may God bless you."

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. The sketch appears to depict some sort of aerial or astronomical phenomenon, with various labels and annotations surrounding it.

Text extracted from the document:

Nov. 7, 1964
Waldwick, New Jersey

Witness was convinced this was a real thing that he saw, not just imagination or illusion. He described the object as a bright light with a trail behind it, travelling at a high speed across the sky before it became obscured. The object had a red glow around it and appeared to be under intelligent control. The witness watched the object for about 1 minute before it disappeared from view. No other witnesses were reported.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text and sketches. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Have two persons seen what would appear to be a
shaped object gliding through the sky at a
very high rate of speed. It was seen for about 4 or 5 minutes.
The object appeared to glide effortlessly and silently over the landscape. it was
oblong in shape and had no wings, fins or other appendages. Some think the
object may have been a meteor but the description does not seem to fit this
classification. The witness stated the object seemed to
glow and was much larger than any aircraft he had ever seen. The object seemed to move at a high rate of speed yet did not seem to have the appearance or motion of a meteor or comet. The witness could not determine the exact altitude or size of the object but it seemed to be a considerable distance from the ground and of an unusually large size.

- page 25 -

