The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used to record UFO sightings. Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 5 May 64
3. REPORTING GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. GMT: 06/034527
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Witness looking at what he thought to be a star. When suddenly it went straight up and came down again (60 seconds). In NW at 45 deg elevation. Color white and Red-orange, disappeared after about 5 minutes.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon, Probably Balloon, Possibly Balloon.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed text block providing information.

Air Technical Center
Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

VENUS - 4-2-64
Toledo Ohio
Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs,

On the fifth of May, a mysterious hunched disc-shaped object was observed through binoculars for about 15 minutes. It was very high and made no sound. It appeared to be star-shaped when suddenly this object disappeared.

It was observed by Mrs. [redacted] and her daughter [redacted] approximately in the northwest area around 9:50 P.M.

It hovered or stood still and then moved laterally. It continued this motion for about 45 minutes, then moved out of sight to the north.

Enclosed is a statement regarding this matter.

Sincerely yours,

P.S. It was sighted 9/14/64 at 9:50 P.M.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to "Major Jack" from someone writing on behalf of "Project Blue Book" at the Pentagon in Washington D.C.

The text in the document reads:

Major Marion Jacks
AF Office of Information
Project Blue Book
Pentagon
Washington D.C.

Dear Major Jacks,
Do you have any information photographs of hollicopters [sic] in the air at night that spew carefully controlled exhaust of 1,000,000 degrees F. If so, please return to Project Blue Book.

Thank you,

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter. Since the image does not contain a human face, I will proceed to extract the text from the document as requested.

Text extracted from the document:

"is there any possible way that you could not see me with interference or personal who have seen these. one of all possible i would like to interview to Al Chop. i have know way of knowing whether he is a true or factual character in this movie. i would appreciate it very much if i could interview him."

"Toledo APR 9 1964 OHIO

United States Air Force Washington 25, D.C.

54701"

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten letter. 

Here is the text from the letter:

U.S.A.F.
Washington 25, D.C. 

Dear Sirs,

On "Flying Saucer" (U.F.O.) investigations on April 5, 1964 and a interested in writing a book about them. The title is "Unidentified Flying Objects" (U.F.O.).

I recently saw a movie on T.V. titled "Unidentified Flying Objects" it had two films taken of Flying Saucers flying over parts of the United States. Since then I have become deeply interested in U.F.O.'s. Is there any way that I might be able to get ahold of this movie?

I believe that the thing that I am curious about and what is in "Project Blue Book" could you give me any information on this and what it is about. I would appreciate it very much. If there is any possible way that you could send me books, articles from magazines, newspapers clippings and so forth, I will be pleased.

- page 6 -

