The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force unit dedicated to investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3/2/1964 - 16/10Z
2. LOCATION: MENEMONEE FALLS, WISC.
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: THREE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 40-60 SECONDS
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: SOUTH
8. PHOTOS: NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO

10. CONCLUSION:
Initially to observations of birds, however a light source strong enough to reflect from birds not evident. Case regarded as UNIDENTIFIED.
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Three objects in flight from North to South. Changed relative position of each other during observation. Distance and size undetermined.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter with handwritten text.

Capt. Henry Quintanilla, Jr.
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio:-

Dear Sir:-

Because of a unusual sighting and being so sure
many residents saw the same object, I would like to 
relate the details of the incident of 14 nov 64 at approx. 2:40 hrs. 
While studying the satellite with 2-10x. all glass,
their went and a Dr. Rudolph Walte of ---- came
over (2 blocks and a half mile n.s. ago), appeared
in the sector only in the east-only 3o-4 ago, disappered
in the western sky in the area stars always and the horizon 
brang and the visible - nothing dull or hazy - very bright visiblity,
unusually clear night, as a thought there is a tv-s
ago, appeared in th western sky in the area stars always and 
the horizon brang and the visible - nonthing dull or hazy - very bright 
visiblity, unusual clear night, as a thought .

This two girls proved vitate and declared "look at
that" as this bright round object clar up and then
they the two object closed to approx 5 or more times 
diameter than when originally seen.

The two satellite in the west in the vicinity of
the object.

OCR output:

Capt. Henry Quintanilla, Jr. 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio:-

Dear Sir:-

Because of a unusual sighting and being so sure 
many residents saw the same object, I would like to
relate the details of the incident of 14 nov 64 at approx. 2:40 hrs.
While studying the satellite with 2-10x. all glass, 
their went and a Dr. Rudolph Walte of ---- came 
over (2 blocks and a half mile n.s. ago), appeared
in the sector only in the east-only 3o-4 ago, disappered
in the western sky in the area stars always and the horizon
brang and the visible - nothing dull or hazy - very bright visiblity,
unusually clear night, as a thought there is a tv-s
ago, appeared in th western sky in the area stars always and
the horizon brang and the visible - nonthing dull or hazy - very bright 
visiblity, unusual clear night, as a thought .

This two girls proved vitate and declared "look at
that" as this bright round object clar up and then
they the two object closed to approx 5 or more times
diameter than when originally seen.

The two satellite in the west in the vicinity of
the object.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

6 years- this article is the result of a five year long investigation. The sightings are to near menomone fall's. They were visible for awhile, visible from 15 to 20 & around & visible from menomone falls. These may have been ufo's. They were irregular in shape, about 2 - 3 & appeared to move around, (a rather suggestive) That may have been a plane or something else the investigator is not sure. the sighting was on a clear night about 10 pm. it left no noise trail that he has detected before.
the intensity of these, my size of these may have compare to the familiar in an average night's sky in this vicinity. It did not appear to move in this travel.

I hope these were not a rarity - most uncommon!

Carefully yours
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an envelope addressed to "Captain Hector Quintanilla Jr. Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio" from "Directors of Infants and Children, Menomonee Falls, Wis. 53051."

Captain Hector Quintanilla Jr.
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memo routing slip from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO: DR J ALLEN HYNEK
REMARKS:
Reference the attached UFO sighting. I have not come up with a solution to Dr Wagner's observations. Request an evaluation in order that we may inform Dr Wagner on the status of this sighting. REPORT
FROM: FTD (CDEW)
DD 654 95

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the following output based on the text in the document:

9 December 1964

Dear Doctor,

Your unidentified flying object report has been forwarded to Doctor J. Allen Hynek, civilian consultant to the Air Force for evaluation. We will notify you of any conclusions reached by Doctor Hynek regarding your sighting.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Civil-Military Branch
Office of Information

Menomoneee Falls, Wisconsin, 53051

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

TDSVUFO

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 14 Nov 64

TO: Ra USAF SAFOI FB (Mrs Hunt)
HAVE D C 20330

1. We have received a report of an unidentified flying object from Doctor J. Allen Hynek for consideration as consistent with the Air Force project. The object was observed on 14 Nov 64 at Menominee Avenue, Menominee Falls, Wisconsin, 53051.

2. The data presented in Dr J. Allen Hynek's letter regarding three objects has been forwarded to Doctor J. Allen Hynek for consideration as consistent with the Air Force project.

3. It is suggested that BP be informed of our referral.

FOR THE COMMANDER

/s/ John M. McCoy
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) during the 1950s and 1960s.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TYPEM/UTO
UFO Sightings, 14 Nov 64
14 USAF SAFOI PR (Attn hand)
Wash D.C. 20330
1. We have received a report from HQ USAF, SAFOI regarding a sighting
of an unidentified flying object observed on 11 Nov 64.
2. The data presented in Dr. Allen's letter regarding this observation are considered to be sufficient to warrant any conclusions regarding his finding reported to the USAF as a consultant to the UFOCONTACT agency. No confirmation of any conclusions reached regarding his observation.
3. It is suggested that in the future all such reports received be forwarded as soon as possible in order that there may be a more prompt followup of our referral.
FOR TIE COMMANDER

signed: S. WILCOCKENS
Colonel, USAF, Director, Legislative and
Congressional Division
Said report is TEMPORARY CURRENT OPERATIONS

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University, dated May 27, 1965, addressed to Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr. of the U.S. Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
27 May 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Box 9214, Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

Here are reports on two sightings I recently investigated. One is the old case from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. This remains an unknown. The facts as stated did not indicate any explanation for the sighting and reflect a light.

A few points to be added: after all this time, Dr. W regards this as having been "a most unusual sighting". A had him count off an imaginary rectangle of size similar to that described (100 degrees), and he said the light appeared to be strictly parallel except that one light moved abruptly closer to the other continuing on a strictly parallel path.

Dr. W said it was not a brilliant light, "was reddish." Had some stars and said not brighter than the brightest star. The sighting lasted 15 minutes or more. It had him never did locate objects or lights - seemed to be emanating from behind objects and trailing edge seemed discontinual luminosity. Both the ten-year-old girls saw them also.

I had talked with the girls earlier and they confirmed the sighting but smaller than the moon. The other sighting, in Milwaukee, was a ball reflecting sunlight, smaller than the moon, but stayed the same brightness. This sighting lasted 9 minutes and a matter was made from an inility in location. Noon was shining.

Dr. W definitely thinks they were not birds, but there is still no compelling reason to rule this out. There was no sound whatever observers could detect. Observers could not rule out birds because of high speed.

That's all on this report.

- page 9 -

