There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

Project 10073 Record Card
1. DATE: 21 MAY 64
2. LOCATION: Ontario, Canada
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 22/0315Z 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTO: 8 NS
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 4
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 minutes
8. COURSE: north
9. CONCLUSIONS: Possibly sightings with distortion to unusual atmospheric conditions. No sound would be audible due to distance of obj from observers. No data presented to indicate that the sighting could NOT be attributed to a c.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting in Ontario, Canada on May 31, 1964.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Office of Special Investigations
3801 District
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 5D 24-21-214

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UF), Ontario Canada, 31 May 1964

TO: FTD (TDED)

The attached affidavits concerning subject matter are furnished for your information and any action deemed appropriate.

FOR THE COMMANDER

CALVIN L. HAMILTON
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, CT Division

2 Atch
1. Affidavit, 
2. Affidavit

COPY TO:
HQ USAF (AFETDR) w/2 atch

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document with handwritten text.

THE STATE OF OHIO
CUYAHOGA COUNTY SS:
AFFIDAVIT

On Thursday, May 21, 1964, I was camping with a friend on the North shore of Lake McCoy in Ontario, Canada. Lake McCoy is approximately forty miles North and is somewhat to the East of White River, Ontario. The camp was about a mile or a mile and one-half from the East end of the Lake.

On the evening of Thursday, May 21, 1964, Messrs. called my attention to four moving lights which were visible in the Eastern sky. The lights were apparently moving from South to North and were between 15' and 30' from the horizon. They gave off a reddish or orangish glow, and the lights had a texture, something like a Roman Candle. The lights were not very large and moved in an irregular manner with the leading light pulling far ahead of the other three lights and the last two lights almost converging. It appeared to me that the leading light turned to the East when it reached the Northern sky, but in any event, shortly thereafter the lights were obscured from view by low clouds. The lights were probably visible for three or four minutes. There was absolutely no noise. All three of us observed this phenomenon and agreed as to what we had seen. We had observed earlier that the atmosphere was such that at various times there were rings of light around the moon. We believe that this was a consequence of the formation of clouds between us and the moon.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

is mentioned simply because if the lights which we saw were planes, their eerie appearance may be explainable on the basis of atmospheric conditions. The sighting occurred at about 11:15 P.M.

After the sighting, two groups of four planes each, which we assumed to be multi-engine jet aircraft, flew over our camp almost directly overhead. Subsequently we heard two other flights which we assumed also contained four multi-engine jet aircraft each.

I am a lawyer, employed by Jones, Day, Cockley & Reavis, 1750 Union Commerce Building, Cleveland, Ohio, and have been so employed for almost four years. I graduated from the University of Michigan Law School in 1957, and the University of Michigan Law School in 1960. I am 29 years of age and a citizen of the United States.

SWORN TO before me and subscribed in my presence this 27th day of May, 1964.

Joseph E. McLelland
Notary Public

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be an affidavit form from the State of Ohio, Cuyahoga County, regarding the citing of four moving lights observed on May 21, 1964. The affidavit describes the observer's account of the movement and appearance of the lights, noting that they did not appear to be large and seemed to resemble "feathered out" stars or points of light. The affidavit is sworn and subscribed before a Notary Public on May 26, 1964.

THE STATE OF OHIO
CUYAHOGA COUNTY

AFFIDAVIT

I have read an affidavit executed this day by concerning the citing of four moving lights on May 21, 1964. The facts stated therein are an accurate description of my own observation on that night.

I would supplement the affidavit by stating that as the last two lights almost converged, the fourth moved to a position apparently vertically above the third. In this respect, as in others, the most striking thing to me about the lights was the seemingly erratic manner in which they moved with respect to each other.

By way of describing the size of the lights, I would also add that the lights were not large, perhaps resembling stars with "feathered out" edges. It appeared that except for the assumed atmospheric condition to which Mrs refers, the lights might have been mere points or dots.

SWORN TO before me and subscribed in my presence this 26th day of May, 1964.

Notary Public

- page 5 -

