The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

The text on the page is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 13/2330Z NOVEMBER 1964  
2. LOCATION: Shutesbury, Massachusetts
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One  
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 Minute  
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual  
7. COURSE: NF  
8. PHOTOS: No  
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No  
10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT  
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observed to be very large and bright. Believed to be very high altitude aircraft, approx. 30,000 feet. Behavior and appearance is consistent with this conclusion.

COMMENTS: Moon at 2.25.13 at 1800 on 13 Nov. This moon at 1.50 deg. azimuth, 35 deg. elevation at about 300 deg. azimuth. The object could NOT have been an aircraft.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document.

Bloomfield, Connecticut
9 Dec 64

Major Frederick C. Jacks
U.S.A.F. Headquarters
Washington, D.C.

Dear Major Jacks:

Thank you very much for your letter and enclosure, of 2 November 1964. It is my intention to be helpful rather than to create any further controversy over this case. I feel a bit let down by your statement, however, that the evidence to me carried a contrary opinion. Although he admits that he had no called information on the Glassboro, N.J. sighting, your conclusion that this case is thereby "closed" seems to me to be unsupported. 

With respect to the "hoax" conclusion on the Glassboro, N.J. sighting, the possession of a "NICAP report" on that sighting leads me to quite a different conclusion. I understand that several witnesses who were contacted by NICAP are fully convinced that they saw something which cannot be so lightly dismissed as "hoax" by youngsters. They stated that leaves were recovered from the area of the sighting, and several men who have queries these men or looked into this aspect of the report have been satisfied that the sighting was valid and merits much more investigation than your people apparently gave it before your people arrived? It is my understanding that several days before your people arrived, the area had been visited by an Air Force inspector.

With respect to your statement that the Air Force "will maintain its investigational policies UND3R CLOSE SCRUTINY TO THE END OF FISCAL YEAR 65", I understand your position. This "policy" which implies a limitation of interest or curtailment of effort referring the information to the FAA for further investigation? See?

And might I also ask if your office has received and evaluated THB 16mm color motion pictures and photographs obtained in connection with the report published last summer by NICAP and understood to have been taken on the Glassboro sighting. I would appreciate your comments as to their scientific and case evidentiary value, assuming they were made available to you.

I shall be interested in your comments.

Yours truly,

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only text. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Information Only
Source: APRO Bulletin, January 1965

Orange Disc in Massachusetts
Mrs. Harriet E. Smith of Shutesbury, Mass., reported seeing an orange disc-shaped object which she observed for about 10 minutes as it traveled from the southwest to the northeast at 5:55 p.m. on November 13, 1964. The object appeared to be about 60 feet in diameter.

A spokesman at Westover AFB said he received an inquiry about a UFO sighting on the morning of November 13. He called Flight Operations but that section reported no information on the sighting. The FAA for further investigation said the sighting was detailed in the Westover AFB files but they had no additional information.

The object was also seen by Reverend Hess, a resident of West Suffield, Conn., reported his sighting which took place at the same time.

Reverend Hess was looking west from his home when he saw a brightly lighted object. He said he could not get a full view because he had to observe it through trees branches. He observed it for about 3 or 4 minutes and said it moved.

On Friday, November 13, Mrs. Smith said the object and one of the residents of West Suffield, Conn., in addition to herself, observed the object at about 5:55 p.m. at a point about 40 miles south by southwest of Shutesbury. It is possible that the object seen by Reverend Hess and Mrs. Smith was the same object, but their accounts contained minor differences in describing what they observed during its flight.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph included in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET
UFO REPORT - 12/7/1964

WITNESS: 
Shutesbury, Massachusetts
Occupation: House-keeper

PLACE:
Shutesbury, Massachusetts
DATE: 13 November 1964
TIME: 6:10 P.M.

SIGHTING:
Caught UFO green-yellow-orange color, oval-shaped, 20-30 feet in diameter, 30-50 feet above the ground, moving from east to west, slowed down and hovered for about 15 minutes, then accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view.

Other sightings mentioned by a WITNESS and a NEWSPAPER reporter. Details described, but names redacted.

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

SPECIAL INVESTIGATION REPORT 
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
This report has been prepared from information furnished by the United States Air Force on cases under investigation, and provided for information purposes only. 
Name: Alfred J. Barden 
Address: Shutesbury, Mass.
Telephone: Alpine 3-2547
1. Type of Observation: Sighting 
2. Locality of Observation: SHUTESBURY, MASSACHUSETTS
3. Date and Time of Observation: October 6, 1964; 1955 hours
4. Description of Object: one object, elongated shape, glowing reddish orange color
5. Course of Object: stationary for a few minutes, then moved away rapidly
6. Visual Sightings: Yes. First sighted by Alfred J. Barden.
7. Photographs Taken: No 
8. Weather Conditions: Clear sky, no clouds
9. Estimated Size and Distance: Size about 30 feet long; distance about 1,000 yards
10. Was the object definitely larger than a star or planet? Yes
11. Did the object appear to be solid? Yes
12. Did the object at any time during the observation disappear and reappear? No

CONCLUSIONS: The object was sighted and observed by Alfred J. Barden of Shutesbury, Massachusetts on October 6, 1964 at 1955 hours. The object was elongated in shape and glowing reddish orange in color. It was stationary for a few minutes and then moved away rapidly.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

The document is dated December 9, 1964 and appears to be about a UFO sighting in Shutesbury, Massachusetts. The text describes an incident where the witness observed a bright light in the sky that seemed to change direction and speed. The witness reported the incident to the Air Force and provided additional details about what they observed.

The document contains handwritten notes and remarks, as well as some redacted information. Overall, the text provides a detailed account of the UFO sighting and the subsequent investigation by the Air Force.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a newspaper article from the "Springfield Union Daily" newspaper, with the headline "UFO IS SEEN HOVERING AT SHUTESBURY".

[OCR Text Output]:
SPRINGFIELD, MASS., SATURDAY EVENING, NOV.?

UFO IS SEEN
HOVERING AT
SHUTESBURY
Brilliant Orange Glow Is
Reported; Gave Lights Up
Inside of House
SHUTESBURY, MASS. - For the past 15 years, residents of this tiny rural community have been periodically seeing strange lights in the night sky, but few of them have been as spectacular as the one reported this week.
A Shutesbury resident who lives on West Street told The Union that about 6:45 p.m. Wednesday he observed a brilliant orange glow hovering about 50 to 75 feet above the ground in a field near his home.
He said the object remained stationary for about 15 minutes and then suddenly shot straight up into the sky and disappeared within seconds.
The same man said the bright glow gave so much light inside his home that he could see clearly without turning on any interior lights.
Several other persons in the Shutesbury area reportedly saw the same object and investigators are trying to determine what it was.
Local police, state police and air force officials have all been notified of the report, but so far none of them has been able to identify the object or determine what it was.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

SUBJECT: UFO Reports
CONTENTS: Summer 1958 or 1959 UFO Sightings; Turner, September 6, 1964; Shutesbury, Massachusetts, November 1, 1964; Asserted Hoaxes on UFO Sightings
FROM: Raymond H. Fowler
TO: Chairman, NICAP Massachusetts Investigating Committee on April 6, 1965, Washington, D.C.
The following UFO Data is submitted for NICAP's consideration.

REF/REF

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

Transcription of the text in the document:

UFO IS SEEN
HOVERING AT
SHUTESBURY

Brilliant Orange Disc Re-
ported; Glow Lights Up
Inside of House

SHUTESBURY, Mass., Novem-
ber 8 - The resident of this town
reported seeing a brilliant orange
disc hovering above his home last
night. The disc reportedly gave out
a bright glow that lit up the inside
of the house. 

The resident stated that he ob-
served the object for approximately
30 seconds before it disappeared.
He said that while he had never
seen anything like this before, oth-
ers in the vicinity reported similar
sightings in the area at the same
time. The object, he said, moved
slowly and silently from the house.

(Continued on Page 9)

I would also appreciate knowing the USAF case file number for this UFO report, if it is available.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from what looks like a Project Blue Book report or document.

Dear Mr. [redacted], 
This is in reply to your letter of December 9. The letter describes a sighting of a UFO sighting. Fifteen years of research of over 12,000 UFO sightings have been consolidated and analyzed by the Air Force for scientific and control purposes. Thousands of UFO observations have been determined to be hoaxes, astronomical, or conventional. 

The Socorro, New Mexico, sighting is still unresolved. The object was described as a vehicle on the ground. Since we cannot find a satisfactory explanation, the case remains unresolved.

The glassboro, New Jersey, report is definitely a hoax. The object described was a vehicle parked on the ground, and the observers determined that the reported sighting was a hoax and could easily have been done by applying weight or any other simple means.

The newspaper you forwarded on the Shutesbury, Massachusetts, sighting on November 30, 1964 indicates there was no verifiable evidence or information. Whatever information was provided cannot be substantiated, and the report has to be classified as unidentified.

Since the report was not forwarded to NORAD, we assume that the object was an unidentified flying object, but the object was not proven to be of extraterrestrial origin.

- page 10 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the NICAP publication, discussing the "UFO evidence" and the continued attack on the Air Force UFO program. The text in the document is as follows:

The NICAP publication, "THE UFO EVIDENCE", has reviewed and criticized the Air Force's public position on UFOs. The publication contains many reports, correspondence, and other evidence all designed to prove the validity of UFO reports and to counter the Air Force's public relations program. This document indicates that the Air Force's public stance is a continual attack on the UFO program and that the NICAP publication is meant to provide a rebuttal to the Air Force's position.

Sincerely,
MAST0N M. JACKS
Chief, Pictorial Publication Section
Office of Information

Bicomfield, Connecticut

- page 11 -

