The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a filled-out Project 10073 Record form from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP : 24 JUL 1964 
2. LOCATION : Wilbur, Washington 
3. SOURCE : -- 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS : 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION : -- 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION : Object was observed visual 
7. COURSE : -- 
8. PHOTOS : -- 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE : No
10. CONCLUSION : -- 
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS : Object observed for approx. 20 minutes by observers on the ground. Object appeared to be round or spherical, stationary except for slight wobbling motion. No sound or trail was observed. Color of object appeared to be white or silver. Estimated altitude approximately 3,000 feet. Observation terminated when object disappeared from view. No explanation for the observation could be determined.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, containing text.

Transcribed text from the document:

August 12, 1964

Dear Mr. ----,

This is in reply to your letter of July 30, 1964. In which you requested information on an incident which occurred near Wilbur, Washington over your area.

It is not clear whether you were a witness to the phenomena which is described in your letter. According to the file, a citizen of Wilbur, Washington gave an oral report on July 30th. As to whether you observed the sane metallic object, I am unable to determine from the information you provided.

You made your observation and this office will appreciat e any additional details you can provide regarding your sighting. The information you furnished will be made a matter of record.

You properly observed the passage of either one or two metallic objects which were very bright and maneuverable. This sighting was investigated and referred to in the Blue Book files.

Sincerely,

HASKELL V. YATES
Chief, Information Division
Office of Information
Los Angeles, Calif.

- page 2 -

The image contains no photograph, only text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

"REPORT CARD
SIGHTDATA 
Ihe sighting of a satel-lite-like
objc.t travelled from saw to ago and about 7-3* west
of this location is definitely the —
inspection or thi., object and the tare re.rking.s nada on the back of
envelop—  is 1-alic?p.c" 

The first word is redacted, followed by "SIGHTDATA". The text then describes the sighting of a satellite-like object that traveled from east to west at about 7-3* degrees west of the location. It mentions an inspection of the object and markings made on the back of an envelope. The text ends with the note "AFD AUG 24 1964".

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, and it does not contain any photograph. The text visible in the image is:

National Aeronautic § Space Admini
Washington
D.C.

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

As requested, I will now act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

Information Only
Subject: Canadian UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 84

The article states: "The witness, called a private citizen, claimed a strange silvery-white object with a brilliant white light on top hovered over his land for about 15 minutes. There was a report or a press clipping involved over India."

- page 5 -

