The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 2. LOCATION
27 FEB 64 Marshall, Michigan
3. PREPARING GROUP 4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Local 1325
OS/00252 Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS 6. SOURCE
C Y-- Military
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
4.5 minutes one
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Light which looked like a star changing colors before 
red and to white and back to red. Motion zig-zag 
west as 3k deg elevation. Disappeared in flash. 
Initial observation in 55.

11. COMMENTS
Several stars of first mag in SE but nothing like
this. Object was observed at 15 deg elevation. Picture
indicates that object observed at 15 deg elevation. No 
definite positional data presented.
Sighting remains characters in un- 
certain category. < / 1 1 1 i c

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon 
Phy Phen
Probably Astronomical 
Was Aircraft
Prob Astronomical
Was Astronomical Star
Possibly Astronomical 
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation 
Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    o Day    o Month    o Year 

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The text found in the document is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    o Day    o Month    o Year 

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing an incident or observation related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text:

Dear Sir,
On this date: 2-8-64
at approximately 8:30 p.m. 
near Marshall, Michigan
Dear Sir,
on this day at the above time 
as I was driving south on highway 
27 approximately 1/2 mile south of 
Marshall, Michigan I observed 
in the sky what appeared to be
a large, bright object, oval in shape,
and approximately 75 feet in diameter. 
The object was very bright and seemed
to be illuminated from within. The
object was traveling in an east to
west direction at a tremendous rate 
of speed, much faster than any
conventional aircraft I have ever
seen. The object was at an estimated
altitude of 2000 feet. After observing
the object for approximately 30 seconds
it suddenly disappeared into the darkness.
I am a radar technician by trade and 
I have observed many aircraft in my
time, but I have never seen anything
like this before. I would appreciate
any information you could give me
concerning this incident.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a postmark and postal stamp. The postmark reads "FALLLIN, FEB 8, 1964" and the stamp says "PRAY FOR PEACE".

The text contained in the document is:

SAFI01
Dept of Air Force
Washington, D.C.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form filled out to gather information about a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any state ments, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2-24-62
2. Time of day: 8:30 Hour Minutes P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Marshall, Michigan City or Town Michigan State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 4 Hours 45 Minutes Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object and weather conditions.

Here is the text from the document:

6. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Bright b. Hazy c. Any c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Sharply outlined c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change course at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change size? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing text-based questions and response fields.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes / No / Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One:) Yes / No / Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Air sound
b. Color - Red, Amber
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this exam/ment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 7030%
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially note trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes       NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    25 - 30 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes       NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    2 - 3 MILES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes       No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No
e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No 
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.
A STAR LIKE OBJECT OF ABOUT 15 - 20 MILES AWAY WHICH APPEARED TO MOVE SLOWLY FROM SOUTHWEST TO WEST

- page 8 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch and a compass diagram. The sketch appears to show the motion of an object or objects and instructions to draw a picture showing the motion path. The compass diagram is likely provided as a reference for the observer to indicate the direction of the object(s).

Transcribing the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to the reporting of a UFO sighting.

A SURE 2 YEAR WHICH TOOK PLACE

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.  

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No  
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State  
TELEPHONE NUMBER  AGE 55 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2 Day Month Year

- page 10 -

