The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 9 October 64, 2325 hrs
2. LOCATION: Millersville, Pennsylvania
3. SOURCE: Local Citizen
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: Object moving at 100 mph at 1 mile distance, then slowly accelerated and moved off, disappearing in the distance.
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Object appeared to be an aircraft light, moving at high speed in a straight line and disappearing in the distance. No other details available.

FTD FORM 57-42-B (TDE)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a clipping or excerpt from a document. The text in the document describes a reported UFO sighting by three Penn Manor students on Wednesday afternoon. The object was described as circular, white, and flying low, and it disappeared from sight after a few minutes.

Here is the full text from the document:

"Students claim saucer sighting here

Unidentified flying objects (UFO) could have sped through these parts a lot of through the past few years, if reports of such sightings can be trusted. And, of course, that is exactly what has happened. Wednesday afternoon, a resident of Millersville, Pa., reported that three Penn Manor students, Molly Diffenderfer, Donald Sutter, and Dale Atkins, observed a flying saucer sighting Wednesday between 5 and 5:30 p.m. Miss Adams reported the object was circular, white and flying low, The object appeared suddenly and it disappeared from sight after a few minutes behind some trees behind the Sutter home. The noise came - just a swishing, and it passed from north to south - but it is baffled."

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document with handwritten text.

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION
MILLERSVILLE STATE COLLEGE
MILLERSVILLE, PA. 17551

Robert. Mac Namara
Dept. of Investigation
Washington, D. C.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text but no visual depiction of a UFO or any other object.

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION
MILLERSVILLE STATE COLLEGE
MILLERSVILLE, PENNSYLVANIA

Dear Sir:

Three children saw a flying saucer or what they thought was a flying saucer on Monday, October 21, 1964. On Thursday, October 22, another boy and I saw it and I would like to know if it is a common occurrence at this time and if so, would you please give me any information pertaining to it.

I have been studying rockets and aircraft. So when I heard about the saucer, I started looking for it, and I found it. I will be happy for any information pertaining to this thing.

Sincerely,

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire about an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with your statement. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary; we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 22 Oct 1964
2. Time of day: 3:15 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Daylight Savings
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address: City or Town: Millersville, State or County: Pennsylvania
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration): 10 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? In-part determined by stopwatch
5.2 Was the object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear, b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright, b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. To your right, c. To your left

FTD OCT 23 1964 This form supersedes FTD 124, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8-1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8-2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Overcast or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Still
b. Transparent
c. Luminous

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11-1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGE OF THE OBJECT WAS: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharp or clearly defined
c. Other

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Make any sudden jerking or zig-zag motions?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 6 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Faded away and went behind the clouds.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - Light whistling. b. Color - Yellow.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? No.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object, label and include in your sketch details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out questionnaire form.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 122 per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 mi/s

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Near an airfield
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast    c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?    miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe, in your own words, a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A few stars with prime together.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph, but rather a diagram and some text. The diagram appears to be a compass rose with various angles and directions labeled. The text asks the viewer to imagine a sketch and place various markers on the compass rose based on the directions provided in the instructions.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" at the point in the direction on the line to which you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Millersville, Penna.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

NONE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
For (month) 9 (year) 1964

- page 10 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a document envelope addressed to the "Department of the Air Force, Office of the Secretary, United States Air Force, Washington, D.C. 20330" from "Box 45, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Department of Public Instruction, Millersville State College, Millersville, PA 17551".

Text found in the document:
Box 45
COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION
MILLERSVILLE STATE COLLEGE
MILLERSVILLE, PA. 17551
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C. 20330

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from Major Mason M. Jacks, USAF, Chief of the Pictorial Branch, Department of the Air Force, to an individual from Millersville, Pennsylvania. The letter references a previous letter from October 23 and mentions completion of an AF Form 164 regarding an unidentified flying object.

The text in the document is as follows:

24 November 1964

Dear __,

Reference is made to your letter of October 23 in which you reported sighting an unidentified flying object.

As an AF Form 164 has been completed, it is requested the form be completed in greatest detail and returned to this office for further evaluation.

Sincerely,

MASON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
Department of the Air Force
Office of Information

Mr. __
Millersville, Pennsylvania

- page 12 -

