The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, a project that investigated UFO sightings in the United States. The form contains various fields such as date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, physical evidence, and conclusion. The text in the image is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2 OCTOBER 61 - 0450 
2. LOCATION: OWEGO, NEW YORK
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
10. CONCLUSION: ASTRONAUT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: No sound. Objects appeared dark, passed silently, and disappeared rapidly. Light flashed, other motion very slow. Objects estimated to be about 1 1/2 inches in size at arm's length. No recognizable aircraft, astronomical, or meteorological phenomena. Witness could observe indistinctly for only about 10 seconds, but has observed similar objects on other occasions and is confident they were unusual aircraft. Estimated elevation 15 to 20 degrees.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The image shows a blank section with a question prompt that asks for "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting."

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
10
Month

9
Day

64
Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from an official Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated 4 Nov 64.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TPEW 
Unidentified Object, 4 Oct 64
Dear
This letter is a reference to your reported sighting of a Geo. S., which you described as a large, round, silver object. Basic information indicates a possible Air Force satellite or similar object which you observed. 
It is requested that you fill out the attached form and return them as they are provided for your records. Your interest in reporting this matter to the Air Force is appreciated.
FOR THE COMMANDER

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

OFFICIAL ELITE GOVT. 
"5" OP"
"Flight Craft)" 117 Blonde" 
Dimensions and what light
indictment vertical - - -
Model Measurements.
Appear 50 Eng" in
about 3 the top to
Wt? 3 Ozego 
11:30- Cold Turkey
$2 - 194S
Cold Wanter
last clear dap
Goose Round above his 
Alen

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a questionnaire to gather information about a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the unidentified flying object you saw. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone: 
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuous?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. Day: 
      i. Hazy
      ii. Cloudy
      iii. Clear
   b. NIGHT:
      i. Hazy
      ii. Cloudy
      iii. Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   a. In front of you
   b. Behind you
   c. To your left
   d. To your right

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. More, c. Less, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Fuzzy, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compared to the brightness of the moon, the object was: 

12. The color of the object was: (Circle One): a. Fiery or bright red, b. Reddish, c. Other.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes/No/Don't know c. Make any noise? Yes/No/Don't know d. Give off smoke? Yes/No/Don't know e. Change brightness? Yes/No/Don't know f. Flash or flicker? Yes/No/Don't know g. Disappear and reappear? Yes/No/Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The document appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Slowly disappeared from view.
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes. Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what: It
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes. Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what: in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound Fluttering sound, like wind. b. Color Red, light on top, gray underbelly.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object the match head would cover. If you had performed this experiment, what would be the answer? About 1 inch diameter, object moving rapidly.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that your memory can recall, proportions, etc., and particularly include profile or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. [Drawing is included in the image.]

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and responses. 

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text contained in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answer YES, then what speed would you estimate? 6o

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile

22. Where was the object located when you first saw it?
(Circle One)
a. In the sky
b. In a building
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. On the ground

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 60 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window Yes No
e. Telescope No
f. Binoculars No
g. Telephoto lens Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. - the object look like it had a red top blue side lights and one flat side and one round side and seemed to be moving around but not going anywhere if seen out of the corner of your eye it would look like a small plane flying around not going anywhere

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only a sketch with a compass rose and instructions for the viewer. The text output from the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object appeared to be above the horizon (daytime) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction from which the object first appeared. Place a "B" on the compass to show the direction in which the object was last seen.
90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°
28. Draw a picture of the path that will show the motion of the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
B------to----East--------running North
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 33
SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
August 28, 1964
Clayton H. Johnston
Owego, New York

- page 10 -

