The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of United States Air Force documents regarding investigations of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The output of the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system for the text found in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP      2. LOCATION
12 JULY 1964             Gainsville, Georgia
3. SOURCE                 10. CONCLUSION
Civilian                  Insufficient data
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 1/2
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual
7. COURSE
N/A
8. PHOTOS
NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
NO

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The text of the document is as follows:

Smithsonian Institute
Research Director
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I am writing this inquiry in hope that you will be able to throw some light on a subject that is causing a great deal of concern in this area.

Several UFO sightings have been reported in our immediate area and the local citizens are described somewhat differently - they seem somewhat similar. They have seen objects described as brilliant lights, or diamond shaped objects with lights that change color, or as metal discs hovering for long periods and sometimes landing or just hovering in one place. Although such sightings are not uncommon, there is a case that seems a little larger than a normal sighting and appears to require some explanation.

On the morning of July 15th our neighbor found his front flower bed trampled and the flowers destroyed. He also noticed some light indentations in the soil that seemed to indicate some form of circular pattern, and for a distance of about 100 ft a series of these impressions were found going across a small circle around the flower bed. These impressions were approximately 1 inch deep and about 18 inches in diameter. The center of this circle or ring was about 5 ft from the edge of the flower bed.

The area is such that an auto, lawn mower or any other normal activity could not have made this kind of pattern. It seems curious that this pattern should appear in the flower bed. The press is such that an auto, lawn mower or any other normal would make. The area is such that an auto, lawn mower or any other normal activity could not have made this kind of pattern. It seems curious that this pattern should appear in the flower bed.

The couple are a very respectable family in this area. I became acquainted with this some years ago and know them to be honest and truthful people. I do not believe they are lying or trying to "built up" any sensation. The woman seems quite concerned with the details and is very much interested as to what could have caused this.

UFO sightings so I would appreciate it very much if you could check the sample of the grass I am enclosing and give me some possible explanation that you can.

Respectfully yours,
[Redacted]
Gainesville, Georgia

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "MEMO ROUTING SLIP" from the U.S. Air Force, Office of Information.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO THE FOLLOWING IS ORDER INDICATED
NAME OR TITLE	INITIALS-DATE
1. U.S. Air Force, Office of Information
2.  
3.  
4.  
Your information	Note and return
Your comments	Proper signature
Necessary action	Note and file
Prepare reply	See me
Your recommendation	Your initials
REMARKS

National Air Museum, Smithsonian Institution	7/27/64

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from the Smithsonian Institution's National Air Museum dated July 27, 1964. The text in the document is as follows:

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
NATIONAL AIR MUSEUM
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20560

July 27, 1964

Huntsville, Georgia
Dear Mr. 

Thank you for your letter of July 20, 1964, with enclosures.

We have no information on Unidentified Flying Objects, and no facility for research and investigation of them.

The U.S. Air Force has requested that we send inquiries of this kind to it. We are, therefore, sending your letter to the Air Force, Office of Information, for reply.

Sincerely yours,

Philip S. Hopkins
Director

- page 4 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document from the Foreign Technology Division of the Air Force Systems Command, discussing a request for UFO information. The document provides details about a reported sighting in Gainesville, Georgia, including information that was forwarded from the Smithsonian Institute. The text also discusses the Air Force's evaluation of the sighting as not attributable to ball lightning. The document is signed by an individual whose name has been redacted.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:
FTD(BT)
SUBJECT:
Request for UFO Information

FOR:	US ASIP IA-3 (Mr. e)

The Smithsonian Institute has forwarded us a letter from Mr. G. Dodd of Gainesville, Georgia. The following information is provided: On 4 July 1964, the object was observed by several residents of Gainesville and was reported to the Air Force; however, it is indicated that no official report was made.

The object was observed at about 2200 hours and was described as a normal size circular object with a definite outline and color similar to a flashlight. The object was rated as very bright and brilliant - bright enough to illuminate the area. There are four lamps on the object and it was silent and motionless during the entire observation which lasted for about 15 minutes. The object was evaluated as not attributable to ball lightning. The cause of this sighting remains unknown.

The grass sample submitted with the article and letter contained nothing unusual from that of a normal grass sample.

The newspaper article of the Gainesville sighting is the first official report on this case. No previous reports were made to the Air Force on these sightings; therefore, no evaluation is being made at this time.

FOR THE COMMANDER 

(Signature)

DEPUTY CHIEF, TECHNOLOGY
and SUBSYSTEMS

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter dated August 31, 1964 from Maston M. Jacks of the Office of Information, Major, USAF, to an individual in Gainesville, Georgia.

The text of the document is as follows:

August 31, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is in reference to your recent letter to the Smithsonian Institution on the subject of some unusual phenomena which has occurred in your area.

The July 13th sighting of an "oil spray" to the Air Force. However, an analysis of the sample indicates they contain nothing unusual from that normally found in nature. This finding does not mean, however, that the facts of the newspaper account of this sighting were much distorted, but rather the newspaper report itself was misleading.

The newspaper article of the Turnerville sighting indicates that the Air Force has evaluated this report. No official report was made to the Air Force. One report that was made to the sheriff's office is being evaluated at this time.

Inclosed is a summary of the manner in which the Air Force investigates and evaluates unidentified flying object reports. We think this brochure will help to explain the UFO phenomena.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information
Office of Information

Enclosure:
Mr. [redacted]
Gainesville, Georgia

- page 6 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be an "Artist's Conception of UFO". The photograph shows a schematic diagram of a UFO, depicting various parts labeled as "Red Lights", "Green Light", "Clear Light", and "Corn Patch".

VOL. XVIII NO. 143  
TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1964 - GAINESVILLE, GEORGIA 

Nine describe UFO in Gainesville, Georgia area

Witnesses claim they observed the UFO which was in the shape of an oval and suddenly disappeared. Later, the same or a similar craft was seen again.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

In Enters Bunk
Nt. Robin
nament

NICHELLE 
Clarkesville, Gal. -
A strange light was seen in
the sky over Clarkesville. Ga.
by several persons on the night of
May 20. 1964. The light was de
scribed as being round and white in
color, and was seen hovering over a
nearby mountain ridge for about
thirty minutes before suddenly 
disappearing.
This was the only event of its
kind reported in this area, those who
saw it were Roger Dinsmore. Tony
Lem's, and Burnett Ridenbpugh.
The three witnesses reported
that the light first appeared around
11:00 p.m. and was pointed out to
then: by Dinsmore, who had spotted
it a few minutes earlier. According
to their statements. the light seemed
to be hovering in one spot and did
not appear to move during the time
it was observed. After about thirty
minutes the light suddenly vanished.
all three witnesses stated that they
could not account for its sudden 
disappearance.
The local sheriff's office was
notified of the sighting, but no fur
ther investigation was conducted
since there was no physical evidence
to substantiate the claim. The wit
nesses were described as being re
liable and trustworthy, however, and
authorities could offer no explana
tion for the strange light.

EVEMDH*

- page 8 -

