There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a form from Project 10073 Record, which appears to be a document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program. The form contains various fields such as "DATE - TIME GROUP", "LOCATION", "SOURCE", "NUMBER OF OBJECTS", "LENGTH OF OBSERVATION", "TYPE OF OBSERVATION", "COURSE", "PHOTOS", and "PHYSICAL EVIDENCE". The concluding statement indicates that there is "Insufficient data for evaluation" for this case.

The text found in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
5/A May 1964
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
East
6. PHOTOS
X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
O Yes
X No
10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer cannot recall the date and time of observation, thus this case is being carried as insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a handwritten letter discussing a personal incident the author had witnessed around two years prior, in May 1964. The author describes seeing something they refer to as a "flying saucer" and provides details about what they experienced at that time.

The text of the document is as follows:

U.S. Air Force:
Sirs:
I would like to tell you about an incident I saw a little over two years ago. It has to do with the so called flying saucer. Maybe my eyes deceived me, but anyhow here is what I saw. It was in May 1964 I cannot recall the date but I believe it was early in the month.
I got off a PATH train at Penn Station Newark N.J. and was walking up Commerce st. on my way to Broad St. where I was going to catch a bus on my way home.
I stopped for a light at the Highborn corner.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document containing text describing an observed object in the sky near the Penn Station.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

Near the N.J. State Police Station it happened to glance back toward the station, while waiting for the traffic light to change. When I noticed a light reflection coming from a object in the sky in the direction of Penn Station, but motorist estimate that the object was 1,000 feet higher 1,500 ft high in the sky. I thought it might be a airplane as that is where the planes sometimes go landing at Newark airport, but this object was stationary. Well, I figured it was a helicopter. But I saw no whirlwind. Just a round metallic object silvery or stainless steel colored, with a little elevation or center where the housing with the controls might be.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a handwritten account or report of a UFO sighting.

The text in the document reads as follows:

When I saw it first, it was angled at about 45° angle, and I spotted it because it was reflecting sunlight. I watched it for a few minutes then it straightened out to the edge on, and I could get about see the edges. After another 2 or 3 minutes it took off, not straight up but at a 70° or 80° angle and was gone from sight quickly at incredible no sound. I could hear or no vapor trail. I am convinced I saw a flying saucer. The same police official or an authority on aircraft, may say I saw an ordinary aircraft taking off for landing, but I never heard of a commercial airplane that can hover, take off straight up, and disappear at incredible speed with no sound.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

I am convinced that there are flying saucers, either from our Planet, being secret or experimental planes, tested by our government or a foreign country.

If these new aircraft are our own then we have nothing to fear from them. If on the other hand they are from a foreign power or another Planet, then it is a got for your Boys to keep right on top of them, I hope you don't think I am a kook or nut, I am just telling you what I saw two years ago. I hope one case can deceive you. I am just telling you what I saw.
Yours sincerely

- page 5 -

