The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports and investigations conducted by the United States Air Force. The text on the page provides details about an observation, including the date, location, source, number of objects observed, length of observation, type of observation, course, and whether photos or physical evidence were obtained.

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE : TIME GROUP
DE 13 November 64

2. LOCATION
Temple City, California 

3. SOURCE 
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not available 

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
XX No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
XX No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Report of observation and request for information in letter form. Additional details will be reviewed in light of subsequent data. "Witness sighted light in sky going very fast observed a couple of days ago".

FTD SEP 53 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated December 16, 1964 from Major Maston H. Jacks of the USAF Information Division Office of Information to an individual in Temple City, California.

The text of the letter is as follows:

"Dear Mr. [redacted],

There has been no evidence received or discovered by the Air Force indicating that there are such things as 'flying saucers'.

Attached is a copy of AF FM Form 164 which is used for reporting UFO sightings to the Air Force. This should be filled out as completely as possible and returned to this office for evaluation.

Sincerely,

MASTON H. JACKS
Major, USAF
Administrative Branch
Chief, Information Division
Office of Information"

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Temple City, Calif
Nov 13, 1964

Dear Sir,

I just wanted to write you due to a sighting I had the other night around 8:00 P.M. As I was driving home from work, I saw an object in the sky which seemed to glow a reddish orange color. It was hovering there for some time and then it started moving from side to side and up and down. At times it would just hang in the sky motionless. I had my son with me at the time and he too saw the object. We watched it for approximately 30 to 35 minutes. It was quite a sight to see. I've never seen anything like it before. 

I am wondering if you would be interested in hearing more details about what I saw. I would be happy to tell you more about it if you are interested. Please let me know if you would like me to provide any additional information.

Sincerely,

- page 3 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

"Things of one and type air were all hanging we now observe and explain
We observe object in motion
At this we from any believe to had not much to of this time with to
Calif
To a Mr. Willson - What have you to say of this
One of the reports concerned with a night on 11-8-1964"

- page 4 -

