The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT OUTPUT:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP  
2. LOCATION
3. SOURCE
10. CONCLUSION
INFORMATION ONLY
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS  
This case was reported in March-April 1966. Since the actual sighting had occurred some time ago, it is almost impossible to check it out. Also due to the time lag, the pertinent data has probably become distorted. Therefore this case is considered unresolved.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of a document titled "CHILD BURNED IN NEW MEXICO" which provides details about an incident where a child was burned in New Mexico.

CHILD BURNED IN NEW MEXICO

This report is based on information received from Mrs. Charles Hickman, Chara, New Mexico, on July 14, 1964. The basic details are:

On the 3rd of July, at 4:30 p.m. Charles Hickman, a resident of Chara, New Mexico, was doing the family laundry on the line outside the back door of his Grandmother's house. His 3-year-old grandson, whom he had been watching, suddenly broke away and ran out the back door, apparently in pursuit of a cotton balloon. The child ran under a water hose and encountered a tank of gasoline which had been placed there for preparing lunch for the wheat crews. The child fell into the gasoline and became immediately engulfed in flames.

Mr. Hickman saw the child as he shot down out of the sky and hover over Charles. He grabbed the child and extinguished the flames in a few seconds. The child appeared to be only slightly burned and Mr. Hickman thought he had escaped serious injury.

However, during the night the child's condition worsened and he began to swell. Three was a body swelling and a visible burn from the top of his head to his waist. The next morning the child was taken to the Los Lunas County Hospital where additional facts as to the name of the Doctor who treated the boy and other details were obtained.

The text in the document has been transcribed as follows:

CHILD BURNED IN NEW MEXICO

This report is based on information received from Mrs. Charles Hickman, Chara, New Mexico, on July 14, 1964. The basic details are:

On the 3rd of July, at 4:30 p.m. Charles Hickman, a resident of Chara, New Mexico, was doing the family laundry on the line outside the back door of his Grandmother's house. His 3-year-old grandson, whom he had been watching, suddenly broke away and ran out the back door, apparently in pursuit of a cotton balloon. The child ran under a water hose and encountered a tank of gasoline which had been placed there for preparing lunch for the wheat crews. The child fell into the gasoline and became immediately engulfed in flames. 

Mr. Hickman saw the child as he shot down out of the sky and hover over Charles. He grabbed the child and extinguished the flames in a few seconds. The child appeared to be only slightly burned and Mr. Hickman thought he had escaped serious injury.

However, during the night the child's condition worsened and he began to swell. Three was a body swelling and a visible burn from the top of his head to his waist. The next morning the child was taken to the Los Lunas County Hospital where additional facts as to the name of the Doctor who treated the boy and other details were obtained.

Although the Doctor was frank and readily answered all questions, he was not optimistic about the case. He, although he would offer no opinion as to the nature of the burns, seemed to believe the story told by both the boy and his grandmother.

The object, according to Mrs. Smith, was somewhat like a fog. The boy stated there was a "bluish light" around the object as it hovered over him. The boy stated he heard a buzzing sound as the object came up to him. He had begun to swell, and three was a body swelling and burn from the top of his head to his waist.

Mrs. Smith said that one of Charles' ears looked "like a piece of raw meat". She was not permitted to examine the child closely, but declared that his face was so badly swollen as to be scarcely visible. His eyes were swelled shut.

Numerous samples of the burns and hair were sent to the Northeastern University Laboratories for analysis, but the results had not been obtained at the time of this report.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only typed text.

Information and Special Notes, Vol 12, #3, March 1965
Havana, Habana, Cuba

This report from June 29, 1964 contains an account of an alleged UFO sighting and close encounter. According to the text, several witnesses observed a strange object in the sky and reported it to local medical authorities, who then conducted a search for the cause of the incident. The report states that no physical trace or material evidence of the object was found, despite the numerous witness accounts describing visual observations of the UFO. The text does not mention or describe any photographs being taken during this incident.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Sunnyvale, Calif.
2 June 1954

Information only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

June 21 Sunnyvale, Calif.: A married couple sighted a brightly lighted UFO about at 10:30 pm. The object only 200 feet in size and had a brilliantly illuminated bluish-white light. Several other witnesses also observed the UFO. The object moved rapidly across the sky and disappeared suddenly, leaving no trace.

- page 4 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, describing a sighting of a hovering object in Arizona Canyon.

Hovering Object in Arizona Canyon

Air X, a Tucson importer, was returning home from a trip to Wyoming in his private plane. As he was flying along Highway 89 near Tucson, he spotted a "UAO" (or Unidentified Aerial Object) hovering at about 1,500 feet. This was around 6:30 p.m. when he was near Vails (Green) Road crossing. He saw the triangular-shaped object hovering over the area. It was clearly silhouetted against the hills. It had a "cold blue" glow surrounding it. As he came closer, he rounded a curve and his headlights caught the object, whereupon it shot up, then headed southwest and disappeared in the direction of Buckeye. The entire sighting lasted about 15 minutes. The observer made a personal report, but details of the sighting were withheld. The observer is considered to be a reliable individual, and said he had seen a similar object on the ground at La Madera in April of 1964.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed text describing "Low Level Flights in Arizona". The text details an incident that occurred on Wednesday, 3 June, where an egg-shaped object was spotted near Copper Mountains on the Navajo Indian Reservation in Arizona. The object was seen moving northwest to southeast at an altitude of 500 and 1,000 feet, and a second similar object was also observed. The text provides a detailed description of the sighting.

Here is the text transcribed from the image:

Low Level Flights in Arizona

At 9:43 p.m. on Wednesday, 3 June 1964, Howard Coyne, mine foreman at the Western Mining Company, observed an egg-shaped object near Copper Mountains on the Navajo Indian Reservation and they watched the object for five minutes. The object was moving northwest to south and appeared to be at 500 and 1,000 feet altitude. As disappeared into the distance, a second object, the description of which is similar to the object just described, was seen. The second object appeared to be at the same altitude as the first and was also moving in a northwest to southeast direction. Both objects had a white light at the top and the entire object was surrounded by a red, mist-like glow.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing an observation of a "More Large Fireball" on June 4, 1964 near Ashington, Michigan. The text provides details about the duration, size, and appearance of the observed object.

Text extracted from the document:

More Large Fireball . . . June 4, 1964. Estimated time - 11:00-11:30 P.M. EDT. The 20, just a few miles E of Ashington, Michigan, continuing their conversation when they observed over Iroquois River. It was a large, luminous object, much brighter than ordinary star, that traveled in a westerly direction from east to west. It had no tail or trail, and was clearly visible, then disappeared over the horizon within a few seconds, leaving no visible trail or aftermath behind. Observers: Mr. and Mrs. Meyer, R.R. (ph) 1952.

The second party, Mr. and Mrs. Myers (RR) saw it also. It was described as similar to the first sighting, and disappeared within a few seconds. Duration: 3-5 seconds. "It was the size of a large grapefruit," she said. Duration: 3-5 seconds. Again no sound was heard.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document or report, containing only text and no visual elements.

Information Only
Source: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64.
Coshocton, Ohio
4 June 1964

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a blank page with text at the top that indicates this is from a report or document related to Project Blue Book.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

"Information Only SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS Committee Review, Vol. 4, No. 2, Sep 64 PLACE: Parma, Ohio
DATE: 5 June 1964

"At about 11:30PM on this date, a group of college students, in the early hours of the morning, observed a flying object which they said maneuvered in the air above them. They said the object seemed to explode several times and their compass moved as it approached them. They further stated they were terrified by the experience and as the object left the area, they heard a low humming sound.

Committee Review: In the above incident, the several college students observed an unidentified flying object which exhibited some unusual characteristics. Their report, while containing some details, lacks sufficient specific information to permit a definite evaluation or explanation. The incident is being retained for further study and analysis as part of the overall UFO program."

- page 9 -

This page does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a textual document describing an incident involving unidentified flying objects (UFOs) that occurred in Cleveland, Ohio on November 6, 1964.

The text of the document is as follows:

"Project Blue Book
R.C. Ruigrok
Cleveland, Ohio
November 6, 1964

During the brief pause the colors of the lead object became much brighter. Land police and radio observers in the immediate vicinity had previously observed the phenomenon from the time it was first noticed. It was found that the police and observers verified the experiences of Miss Ventura later phoned the colors. The Police station report states - "The object became brilliant - almost as bright as the moon." Miss Ventura asked her mother who was present to "Look at the blue green light on the object." This was visible to the mother, but she could not confirm the illumination of any other colors she had seen. The mother went out to an unmarked car to investigate the matter and was told by the driver that he could clearly see the blue and green luminescence on the object.

The officer told her he would call the Cleveland Police Station and have them send a car. No other police car arrived on the scene that evening. The man who had called, she phoned from himself. She conversed with the caller who claimed the police would do nothing about the matter. Miss Ventura was the key witness to this incident. She had no reason to falsify any part of her report which was filled out and submitted at the police station in Cleveland. The police records verified her report. For many years experts in such things and therefore it would be unwise to disregard Ms. Ventura's report as it provided the primary source data for the incident. The officer, whose response seemed indifferent and evasive, refused to verify the incident and tended to give a consistent and indifferent attitude on the matter of such public interest."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Cleveland, Ohio. June 9, 1964, 3:00 A.M. The object, according to Donald Keyhoe, Jr., from the defense zone (see his previous descriptions as quoted) was oblong, brilliant, almost blinding, and hovered very low. The very fact the witness thought it was a meteor but soon decided that impression was mistaken lends credence to his story.

The object emitted no sound, was no larger than a small, trail of exhaust or tail structure. Keyhoe and Van Tassel approached it, but it showed no reaction to their approach - never touched down. On the third sighting, June 9, 1964, Time: 0300 (A.M.) Observers: Donald Keyhoe, Jr., and Nathan A. Van Tassel.

Miss Ventura and Keyhoe investigated the area thoroughly. They found signs on the ground where a landing or hovering had occurred. This was done before they called the authorities.

Miss Ventura and the Brooklyn police: they in turn referred the case to the Air Force. The Air Force in turn referred the case to the same Brooklyn police on the next day. Someone else answered and she was asked to repeat the sighting. She again described what she had seen.

That evening Miss Ventura received a telephone call from the Cleveland Main Dealer. The man wanted further details, she refused, as she had met with Air Force officers. The newspaper clipping contained here is the result - The Force contained her story and she hasn't had anything further occur since.

The Universal Metaphysical Society heard of it through the press and investigated the case, getting tape recordings to the press. Miss Ventura is a laboratory technician at Polyclinic Hospital in Cleveland, Ohio. Mr. Keyhoe is a landscaper.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, it is a handwritten letter or document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

Dear John,

I have received your account of the strange phenomena observed over the Detroit area on the night of Aug. 3rd. The details you provide are very interesting and appear to be a fairly accurate representation of what occurred.

My business associate, whom I have consulted, is of the opinion that this was not an aircraft or any conventional object, but rather a manifestation of the type which has been described in many UFO reports. The sudden appearance, the rapid acceleration, and the abrupt disappearance are all characteristic of the type of aerial phenomena which have been recorded in connection with UFO sightings.

While I do not wish to be too definite in my conclusions, I feel that the incident you describe bears a remarkable similarity to other reports which have come to our attention. The object, whatever its nature, appears to have been under intelligent control and to have exhibited capabilities far beyond those of any known aircraft.

I would be most interested to hear if you have any further information or if there are additional witnesses who can corroborate your account. Please let me know if you learn of any other details which might shed light on the nature and origin of this strange visitation.

With kind regards,

[Signature redacted]

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn diagram and sketch, but no photograph. The diagram shows a map-like illustration with various annotations and details about an unidentified object.

THE RUNABOUT
Cleveland, Ohio June 5, 1964
Description:
1. Diameter: 16-18 feet
2. Dome-shaped on top with blunt bottom 
3. Dark color - reddish-brown
4. No visible openings or protrusions
5. no visible means of propulsion
6. No sound
7. Stationary after landing
8. Landed on grass area
9. Disappeared after a few minutes
10. Brightest and/or had glowing field around it.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

FIJI
Double explosion

On Wednesday, correspondent A. M. Robb of the Sydney Daily Mirror in Australia reports that at 8:30 p.m. on July 6, 1964, he saw two strange phenomena in the sky over Fiji.

He describes seeing two bright bluish-white lights or explosions in the sky, separated by a double interval of several seconds. The phenomena appeared to be travelling beam-like, which in the correspondent's opinion was that of a travelling beam, as well as from a distance along the horizon.

After these three or four seconds there was a second double explosion, similar to the first. The correspondent states that it was a definite double explosion and that the interval between the two explosions in each case was about two or three seconds.

A report from Sydney says that unidentified flying objects were seen over New South Wales on Thursday, at various locations, but no further details are given.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter dated June 30, 1964 from Easton M. Jackes of the Office of Information, addressed to Mr. Bloomfield in Bloomfield, Connecticut. The letter discusses a summary of information regarding unidentified flying objects sightings during the past month, and indicates that the information prepared is warranted and summarized.

June 30, 1964

Dear Mr. Bloomfield,

This is in response to your letter of June 23, 1964 concerning the reported information on several unidentified flying object sightings during the past month.

Enclosed is a summary of information on the security and other related aspects of the recent unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings, but unfortunately project Blue Book does not have pictures or physical evidence to provide. The summary is based on evaluations through the analysis conducted by our scientific consultants in an attempt to be as responsive as possible to your request.

To the best of our knowledge, the incidents described have been resolved. We are limited in our ability to make our complete investigative files available, due to the sensitivity of the information and the need to protect the sources involved. However, I assure you that the information prepared is warranted and summarized as accurately as possible.

Sincerely,

EASTON M. JACKES
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosures
Mr. Bloomfield
Bloomfield, Conn.

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of an envelope. There is no photograph or image of a UFO or other unusual object present in this document.

Office of UFO Information
The United States Air Force
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

"Bloomfield, Connecticut 
23 June 64
Carlos J. UFO Information 
The United States Air Force 
Washington, D.C.
Gentlemen: 

From time to time during the past two months, local radio and newspaper stories have reported on flying saucer sightings in other parts of the U.S. As late I have been following these material from the USAF recording on these reports. Although there in mot cases, the stories stated that the USAF was investigating them, could you give me a rundown on the following reports? I shall list the date and location of each: 

April 21, Socoret, New Mexico; April 24, Newark Valley, New York; April 25, near Boise, Idaho; April 29, Carmel, Montana; April 30, U.S. Route 30, Indiana; about May 1, Santa Ana, California; May 8, near Comancho, Indiana; May 15, Interstate 90 near Geneva, Ohio; May 22, Rushville, Indiana.

Now one strange thing has come to our attention but some as a telephone call to us. Radio (Boston) during a discussion of flying saucers, People can call in and the caller identified himself as a air captain have been in those in other crew members had seen a UFO while in the air and that the object had also been tracked on radar by the air traffic people. We stated that the sighting was reported to air control all that he said. I don't know how much of this is factual and would like to know your evaluation of comment. I'll look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience.

Very truly yours,"

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document or report.

Text Output:

Received on June 2n by 1950 by Project Blue Book:

We have further information about the phone call pilot. NO PILOT has made a sensational saucer sighting. This incident is described on Page 20 of the September 1964 SOLDIER NEWS. According to a representative of the Chill Roberts Air Co. of the 319th Squadron of the Strategic Air Command, stationed at homestead Air Force Base in Homestead, Florida, a Tighter of inquiry written by Unites, was to the effect that no such person existed, and thus the incident can be written off as a hoax.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be the page of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

VOL. I NO. 3 
FSIG BULLETIN
AUGUST - SEPTEMBER 1964
PREPARED BY THE FLYING SAUCER INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE OF AKRON, OHIO 
P.O. DRAWER 6 - AKRON, OHIO 44305

UFO HOVERS OVER MASSILLON, OHIO
Steady light-giving object which had been observed by various individuals in the Massillon, Ohio area for the past several evenings hovered for about 15 minutes over Massillon on July 19, 1964 at approximately 10:00 P.M. EDT. The object seemed to be about 200 feet in diameter and was illuminated with a bright steady light. It suddenly increased in brilliancy and sent several beams of light straight down to the ground. This action was repeated several times. After about 15 minutes the object moved rapidly and silently to the Northeast and disappeared from sight.

Police and other observers in the area stated that the object definitely was not an aircraft, helicopter or any known type of man-made object. They described it as a very bright, steady light, much larger than a star and giving the appearance of being very close to the ground. No sound was reported.

This takes from the article: At least 6 people, including the writer, observed this strange light over Massillon, Ohio on July 19, 1964 at about 10:00 P.M. EDT. The object was about 200 feet in diameter, illuminated with a bright steady light. It suddenly increased in brilliancy and sent several beams of light straight down to the ground. This action was repeated several times. After about 15 minutes the object moved rapidly and silently to the Northeast and disappeared from sight. Police and other observers stated the object definitely was not an aircraft, helicopter or any known type of man-made object. They described it as a very bright, steady light, much larger than a star and giving the appearance of being very close to the ground. No sound was reported.

- page 19 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically the "Fantasy at Falling" report from Project Blue Book.

Ocr Text Output:
Information Only
3 June 1964

Fantasy at Falling
The following is a copy of a report from a witness in Falling, England:

In a small but well-kept garden of a cottage in a remote part of Falling, England, a young couple reported seeing a strange, luminous object in the sky on the evening of June 1, 1964.

The object, they stated, appeared to be semi-circular in shape, glowing with a soft, silvery light. It hovered silently in the air, moving slowly in a fashion described as "almost floating".

After a few minutes, the object began to descend towards the ground, finally coming to rest on the grass within the cottage garden. Two human-shaped beings emerged from the object, the witness reported. They were described as being about five feet tall, with disproportionately large, round heads and thin, arm-like limbs.

The beings moved slowly about the garden, apparently inspecting the surroundings. After a short time, they reentered the object, which then began to rise vertically and rapidly disappear from sight.

There were no other witnesses to this event - the couple, who wished to remain anonymous, were the only people who observed the strange occurrence. They stated that they were at first terrified, but later realized the experience was something out of the ordinary, and decided to report it.

The area where most of the residents live is quite remote, and there are no major roads or other facilities nearby. This adds to the puzzling nature of the incident.

One person who has seen the object stated that there was a short, brilliant flash in the sky just before the object appeared. Others have reported seeing a bright glow on the horizon at about the same time.

"Keith", another witness, refused to believe the event took place, stating that he did not think it possible. But the couple, who wished to remain anonymous, insisted that what they saw was terrifying. 

"And the little green men?" asked the interviewer. "That's just fantasy," replied the witness.

Local authorities report that no landing marks or other physical evidence has been found in the garden. Aside from the reports from the couple, there is no other information to confirm the incident.

Our investigators have found that many such "sightings" can be explained by natural phenomena. However, in this case, the details seem to go beyond the usual pattern of "flying saucers" or "little green men". There appears to be an element of fantasy involved, yet the witnesses seem sincere and convinced that what they saw was real. It is a curious case that defies easy explanation.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Burlington sighting

The contents of the text in the document are as follows:

"The following narrative was prepared by Dr. John D. MacRae, officer investigating UFO sightings for the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP).

'A search of a deserted granny area near Burlington on Sunday, June 7th, resulted in sightings of a strange aerial object which was observed by L. C. Rinkerhoff, a deputy sheriff, and Binkerhoff's brother and two friends. According to Binkerhoff, the object was first sighted in the sky shortly before midnight and was observed again by Binkerhoff and three others for about fifteen minutes.
Richard Bryan, who was with Binkerhoff, told Binkerhoff that the object was maneuvering at high speed and making rapid changes in direction. As it passed, they could see that it was an apparently metallic, disk-shaped object, approximately 40-50 feet in diameter. It passed over the area at an estimated altitude of 1,500 to 2,000 feet. Binkerhoff stated that he couldn't say what it was, but added that "it seemed to be intelligently controlled."
The object was sighted again at about 3:00 a.m. on Monday morning, again by Binkerhoff and the same three companions. Richard Bryan, one of the observers, told NICAP that the object passed over them at a high rate of speed, making very rapid maneuvers. At one point, according to Bryan, the object appeared to be hovering or stationary. No sound was heard. Bryan said that the object was definitely not an aircraft of any conventional type.
Binkerhoff stated that he and the others were "absolutely amazed" at what they saw, but added that "I couldn't say what it was." The object was described as a strange, luminous, disk-shaped craft, which seemed to be intelligently controlled. It was sighted on two occasions, around midnight and again in the early morning hours.'"

- page 21 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text discussing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

Information Circular 
Subject: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 4, No 3, Sep 64 
    
Mauldin, WYOMING: A county sheriff and several citizens reported seeing a strange object in the sky over Mauldin, Wyo., on 11 Dec 63. The object was first observed at about 8:15 p.m. and was watched for about 20 minutes. It was described as being triangular or diamond-shaped, glowing red, and moving at a constant speed and altitude. No sound was heard. The object disappeared into the distance. NICAP investigated this report.
UFO 12-28: This case was later reported by NICAP in the UFO Investigator, January 1964 issue.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a handwritten document or report.

There are no images or photographs present in this document. The text present is as follows:

There were 22 men watching the object which hovered very slowly about 50 to 100 ft above ground. It was bow shaped with a bright light in the middle. The object was about 30 ft long and 12 ft wide. It made no sound whatsoever. After hovering for about 5 minutes, it shot up at a terrific speed and was out of sight in seconds. The witness, who was one of the 22 men watching, said that the object was intelligently controlled.

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document.

Information Only:
Huntington, Ohio
9 June 24

Meet in the sky for some 2 to 3 minutes on June 21, Madison, Ohio. A 13-year old boy reported sighting an unidentified object in the sky for about 2 to 3 minutes.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document is as follows:

NO CASE. (INFORMATION ONLY)
DETROIT UFO INVESTIGATORS APRIL-MAY 65

On June 14, 1964, a strange encounter took place in Detroit, Michigan. According to the report, a Detroit woman, while driving home from her job, saw a strange object in the sky.

As she approached her home at about 11:25 p.m., she noticed a bright light hovering over the nearby houses. She stopped her car to observe the object, which was approximately 60-65 feet in diameter and emitted a brilliant white light. There was a blue-green hue around the perimeter of the object. 

After several minutes, the object began to ascend silently and rapidly. As it gained altitude, the light became dimmer. The witness estimated that the object was at least 500 feet high when it disappeared from view.

The report states that the witness was 'shaken but not frightened' by the experience. She did not report any other unusual sensations or effects. The document concludes by noting that no explanation for the UFO and the strange sighting could be determined.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, consisting entirely of text.

Transcription of the text:

On June 19, 1964, a strange encounter took place over North Dakota. The pilots of a Northwest Airlines flight 21 from Chicago to Minot, North Dakota, owner of an insurance agency and really company in Fargo, N.D., reported seeing what they describe as a strange light in the sky over Minot, N.D., about 20 miles east of Minot at 9:15 p.m. Pilot Dunnick, copilot Briggs, below and behind them at 22,000 feet, saw for several minutes the bright light, described as round and larger than a star, changing intensity. At times it was as bright as a searchlight. After several minutes, the distant object speeded up, its brightness fluctuating greatly. It made an abrupt turn and disappeared in a few seconds. The pilots, who were questioned by the Air Force after their return, were unable to give a satisfactory explanation for what they saw. They believed and said they saw an unidentified flying object.
FAA near the event area had no record of any aircraft in that area at that time, and stated the object was not one of theirs. The pilots were professional and credible witnesses.

- page 26 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed text on a document page.

MATS-31 Report: This police chief informed Crawford, around 0100 hrs, 7 Sep 64, that there were two unidentified objects in the sky, which pulsated for 30 minutes, then disappeared.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains only text.

UAO Over Electrical
Power Complex
Sighted in 28 miles east of Melbourne,
Australia and was the site of a high Vo1tage power generating station at 3:35 p.m. on 12 June 1964.
While travelling on Dandenong Road
five witnesses in two cars saw a statiOnary red light 40 degrees above the horizon. On turning off onto Hallam Road
the light was still visible and the eccentric parts of the first car stopped to examine what it was.
The observers first thought the object
was a light on top of a tower but shortly
after they stopped the light accelerated
suddenly and moved off to the east. At this time the outline of the object was discernible and
one witness described the object as "like
a coin on its side" and another witness
described the object as slightly domed
on top and flat underneath. The brilliant red was at the leading edge and
was seen to be hovering the Main Transformer lines from the Morwell-Yallourn
power generating complex part. These
lines supply most of the power used in
Melbourne and other areas.
Might went on to be Mrs. Lorimer's
theory concerning UAO reconnaissance of
power supply, covered in her book, "The
Great Flying Saucer Hoax".

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a textual description of an Australian UFO sighting. 

ANOTHER
AUSTRALIAN
SIGHTING

The text describes an incident that occurred on 12th June, 1964 in front of several witnesses. The object observed was described as saucer-shaped and about 40 degrees above the horizon. It was brightly lit and seemed to be supported by a tower, but a couple of minutes later it moved off in an easterly direction.

- page 29 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

AUSTRALIA
Hallam, Australia
12 June 1964

"If went towards Melbourne, it travel from west to east, then straight up into the sky and vanished."

Hallam flying saucer, as an article in the Mountain District News called it, was seen by Mrs. S. Johnson and Mrs. E. Stephenson. Their account follows: "Our people from Berwick, South East of Melbourne, were in two separate parties, but saw the same thing. They were on their way to a Tupperware meeting near Berwick, and about 5.30 p.m. they were in two groups, but saw the same thing. 
"With Mrs. Johnson was her daughter and her son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Keith Sartori, when Mrs. Johnson called out, 'What's that?' They all looked and saw a light in the sky, some distance away, travelling from west to east. It appeared to be round and silvery in color and seemed to be about the size of a football. As they watched, it suddenly changed direction and shot straight up into the sky and disappeared from sight.
"Mrs. Stephenson and her daughter were about a quarter of a mile away, but they also saw the same object. They described it in much the same way - a silvery, round object, about the size of a football, travelling from west to east, then suddenly shooting straight up into the sky and vanishing.
"Neither group heard any noise from the object. Both parties said they had never seen anything like it before. They all agree that it was definitely not an aircraft, satellite, or any other known object in the sky."

Victorian Flying Saucer Research Society

- page 30 -

There is no photograph visible in this image. It appears to be the contents of an old project blue book UFO report document, specifically a letter dated August 13, 1964.

The text in the document is as follows:

August 13, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is in response to your recent letter concerning unidentified flying objects.

Enclosed with the photograph taken on [redacted] showing what appears to be a white oval-shaped object, approximately 30-40 feet in diameter, hovering approximately 30 feet above the ground. This was sighted by [redacted] who stated the object hovered for several minutes and then accelerated at a rapid rate of speed out of sight.

Included is a summary of information on Project Blue Book, the official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. We believe this information will be of interest to you.

Sincerely,

MAJOR M. JACKS
Chief, Data Reduction Division
Office of Information

Enclosure
[redaction]

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDSV
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

1. Reference: Attached letter from (redacted) requesting information concerning an alleged Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) sighting.

2. It is suggested that a Fact Sheet be sent to the requestor. The current policy should be that the photographer, as image was not obtained or examined by a military agency, should note that the photographer indicates that he did not observe anything when the picture was taken.

FOR THE COMMANDER

Deputy for Technology
And Operations

1 Atch
List of News Clipping

- page 32 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document, but it does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

On 8 August 1964 at 8:15 p.m. the witness, Richard Steinbaum, sighted a UFO approximately 12 to 15 feet in diameter, hovering at an estimated altitude of 200 to 300 feet over the field behind his home in Detroit, Michigan. The object was observed for approximately 10 minutes before it accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view.

The witness reported that the object emitted a low, humming sound and had a bluish-white glow around its perimeter. No other details were provided in the report.

- page 33 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a handwritten document with text, but no visual elements aside from the handwritten text.

Transcription of the text:

I called my next door neighbor who is a former officer in the army and he stated that he had observed the object along with several other neighbors. The object appeared to be circular in shape, about 40-50 feet in diameter, and was hovering at an altitude of about 500 feet over the residential area. It was a bright white light and seemed to have a slight bluish hue to it. The object made no sound and appeared to be motionless. After about 10 minutes, the object suddenly accelerated at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from sight. My neighbor and several other witnesses stated that they were amazed at the speed and maneuverability of the object, as it seemed to defy the laws of physics. I have reported this incident to the local authorities and to the Air Force, but have not received any response or explanation for what we observed. I am at a loss to explain what this object was, but I can assure you that it was no conventional aircraft. I am convinced that we witnessed some type of advanced, unidentified aerial vehicle.

- page 34 -

The image appears to contain a black, blurry, oblong shape in the center of the frame, which could potentially be a photograph of a UFO. However, the image quality is poor and the object is not clearly defined, so I cannot say with certainty what it depicts.

Producing the text from the document:

Detroit, Michigan 
July 24, 1964 

Dear R.E.C.

This is a report on what 
my wife and I saw during the evening of July 24, 1964 in the sky over Detroit, Michigan. 

We were sitting on our porch looking to the northwest when we noticed an object moving rapidly in the sky. At first we thought it was an aircraft, but as it came closer, it became apparent that it was not an aircraft. This object appeared to be oblong in shape and had a reddish-orange glow. It moved rapidly at first and then slowed down and hovered for approximately two to three minutes before speeding up and disappearing over the horizon. 

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 35 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image, the output is as follows:

Information Only
Inquiry's Anniston UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 3, Sep 64
Zanesville, Ohio
13 Jul 1964

Mrs Gaskill, Zanesville, Ohio, Mrs Mera Parks reported to the Anniston UFO Committee that on 16 Apr 1964 at approximately 6:45 p.m. she observed a strange object in the sky west of Zanesville, Ohio. The object appeared to be larger than a star and moved in a northwesterly direction across the sky. The object moved away slowly, disappearing towards the northwest.
Mrs Parks stated that her daughter, age 12, also saw the object. The UFO moved away silently.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing the contents of a photograph that is not included in the provided materials.

Information Only Source:
Carrina
13 June 1964

The stranger in the photograph
Without necessarily suggesting that the stranger identified in this photograph is not what he appears to be, there are certain facts that should be noted:
According to the description given by the witness from the London Daily Mail, he first saw the "stranger" at the railway station and saw him again with two young children, a son and a daughter, as he was getting into his car. The witness states that the "stranger" was the driver of the car. In front of the witness was the photographer's daughter, who was photographing the "stranger" and the two children as they got into the car. The witness states that the "stranger" appeared to be very disturbed by this and tried to get the photographer's daughter to stop taking the photographs. The witness states that there was definitely nothing unusual about the "stranger's" appearance and that he was dressed in a normal manner.
The witness states that he then followed the car and saw it drive off. The witness further states that he took no other action, such as questioning the "stranger" or the children, because he did not wish to create any unpleasantness. The witness felt that there was nothing unusual or suspicious about the "stranger" and the children, and that his actions were probably entirely reasonable.
The police have been informed of this incident and are investigating. They wish to interview the witness and obtain the photographs, if they are available. The police feel that the photographs may provide some additional information that could be of value in their investigation.

Information Only Source:
Carrina
13 June 1964

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Information Only:
Project Blue Book: 1950s-1970s UFO investigation program by the U.S. Air Force.
Vol. 1, No. 2, Sep 64: Indicates this is from a publication called "Information Only" from the Journal of the UFO Committee Review, Volume 1, Number 2, published in September 1964.

OCR Text Output:
Information Only
Journal Analysis: UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

Regarding the 21 Apr, 1962, Nazzi Ches persons observed a dome-shaped UFO with a
protruding horizontal antenna on the underside in flight toward the Northwest.

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

16 - 30 JUNE 1964. SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION EVALUATION
16 Washington, D. C. INSUFFICIENT DATA
18 O'Neill, Nebraska INSUFFICIENT DATA
19 San Jose, California INSUFFICIENT DATA
23 Tampico, Mexico INSUFFICIENT DATA
24 Binghampton, N.Y. INSUFFICIENT DATA
25 Kalispell, Montana INSUFFICIENT DATA
26 El Paso, Texas AIRCRAFT
27 Guymoney, California INSUFFICIENT DATA
27 Cincinnati, Ohio MILITARY
30 50 Mi. Off Pacific UNIDENTIFIED
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES) 
DATE LOCATION SOURCE
23 Connellsville, Pa. News Clipping
25 Ky. Gov. Boat -
26 Eastern Hum. England -
27 Dataren-aany-des-Monts, France -
29 Langnes, Va. -

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any discernible photograph. It appears to be a blank page with a single blacked-out or redacted line in the center.

Project Blue Book 1964-Summer-8724484-Detroit-Michigan.pdf40

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, consisting of typed text.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

CONFIDENTIAL

SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

PROJECT BLUE BOOK

15 JULY 1955

PREPARED BY

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER

WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE

OHIO

HEADQUARTERS, AIR MATERIEL COMMAND

WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

(File No. 220-19)

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, with text occupying the left side of the page and the rest of the page being blank.

THE TEXT FOUND IN THE DOCUMENT IS:

on the river bend, a person-
shaped object, about 3 feet tall, white
in color, floated by. The witness observed
this for about 30 seconds before it went
out of sight behind some shrubbery.
The witness descried the object as having
a well-defined outline or profile. It did not
move in a straight line but rather floated in
a "meandering" fashion over the water. It
appeared to be motionless and did not seem
to be supported by any visible "means of
propulsion".

The witness said that last evening,
about 9:30 pm, she was fishing on a small
bridge over a river when she observed what
appeared to be a person-shaped object,
about 3 feet tall and white in color, floated
by on the river bend. The object had a well-
defined outline or profile and it did not move
in a straight line but rather floated in a
"meandering" fashion over the water. It 
appeared to be motionless and did not seem
to be supported by any visible "means of
propulsion". The witness observed this for
about 30 seconds before it went out of sight
behind some shrubbery.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text.

SOUTHERN RHODESIA
From the Salisbury Rhodesia Herald, June 2 -
"What was the mystery 'ball of fire' which was sighted over the South Street area of Salisbury during the early hours of Tuesday morning? Witnesses saw a Mount Pleasant garage proprietor hurriedly leave his premises and drive towards the object as it was leaving the area, shortly after it had been spotted.
"It was a bright object, reddish in color, and left a trail of smoke. It passed in a north-easterly direction at a high rate of speed, and disappeared in the distance, moving from south-east to north-west. The Department of Civil Aviation stated that it was not an aircraft, nor was it a meteorological observation.
"A Meteorological Office spokesman said 'It is extremely unlikely that it was anything of an astronomical nature. Some kind of unusual activity, possibly a meteor, but details are not known,' he added."

- page 43 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document describing a case of a child being burned in New Mexico.

CHILD BURNED IN NEW MEXICO
One of the most sensational reports to come out of the routine and only summer news of the year [underlined] comes from Charles Keith Davis of Hobbs, New Mexico. The child burned, a 7-year-old boy Charles, was the son of Mrs. Smith and was playing in the backyard of his grandmother's laundry in Hobbs. The child had been to the boiler room of the laundry where his grandmother, Mrs. Smith, was cutting a cake in preparation for a birthday party and some small burns on his hand and arms led him to use an elongated apparently metal obj ect to raise the back of his shirt. This object has not been identified by the FBI laboratory.
According to Mrs. Smith, the child cried out and she saw him standing with his eyes tight shut and his hair standing on end until the object went back. The child was not burned, 1 according to Mrs. Smith, except on his hands and arms and these, according to medical reports, were small burns similar to those received when a material is raised suddenly and then quickly touched to the skin.
The doctor who examined the child described him as a "bright, friendly boy" [underlined] treating the burns which amounted to reddened skin but no serious injury. Although the Doctor was frank and readily answered questions, the reported did not say he had seen any public discussion of the case or an influ x of mail inquiring about the child. Additional information as to the nature of the object and the cause of the burns seemed to have been closely guarded both by either the family or the Doctor.

- page 44 -

