The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card that describes an observation of a "Brilliant white light moving East to West through 30 deg arc in 2-3 seconds before winking out." The card provides details about the location, date, type of observation, number of objects, and conclusions about the observation, which is identified as a "METEOR observation."

Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 23 May 64
3. REPORTED BY GROUP: Local
5. PHOTOS: D Yes
      X No 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 seconds

2. LOCATION: East Lansing, Michigan
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
6. SOURCE: civilian
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

9. COURSE: West
11. COMMENTS: METEOR observation

BRILLIANT WHITE LIGHT MOVING EAST TO WEST THROUGH 30 DEG ARC IN 2-3 SECONDS BEFORE WINKING OUT.

SEE LANSING, MICHIGAN CASE FILE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that includes a textual description of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The text describes the observation of a bright, silver-disc-like object flying at 45 degrees over East Lansing, Michigan.

Text from the document:

SUBJECT: INVOLVED
Shaw Hall, M.S.U., East Lansing

OBSERVAT. JON:
While sitting behind a desk in the lounge at Shaw Hall, M.S.U., East Lansing, they spotted a silvery disc, flying south at 45 degree angle. After a very short time they saw a white flash, then lost sight of the object. The sky was clear of cloud cover at time of observation.

Ira Emerick - weight, height, age, sex
602

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting report.

6. Britton-Thornton. At 2105 hours on 23 May 1964, a Corporal Thornton at the Michigan State Police Headquarters, East Lansing, Michigan, received a call from a woman who said an object (a light) was hovering over her house, "acting crazy," dashing back and forth and looping about. Since the Corporal recognized her given location as being near the police station, he went out the rear entrance and looked to the south, but saw nothing. He did not log the name of the lady, nor does he remember it. After terminating the call, he went back outside, and while looking due south, saw an extremely brilliant white object pass at an elevation of about 20° in a horizontal path from east to west. The object was apparently longer in the north-south dimension than in the east-west direction; its shortest dimension was in the direction of travel. Thornton estimates the length to width ratio as perhaps three or four to one. The longest dimension was given as approximately 3/4 inch at arm's length (the moon, however, was stated to be "6 inches" in diameter at arm's length when full, although it was not noticed that night).

The total time of travel was about three seconds. The brightness of the object is remembered as steady, brighter than Venus, and before the object reached the horizon to the south-west, it winked out suddenly, as if someone had turned the lights off. The start of the trajectory is not known, as Thornton caught sight of the object to the south while it was approximately at its maximum elevation.
There was no sound.

Thornton returned inside and got another trooper, who came out but saw nothing.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object near East Lansing, Michigan.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text contained in the document:

At 2136 hours, a call was received from a University Village, Michigan State University, East Lansing (about three blocks from the State Police headquarters), reporting a sighting of what appears to be the same object that Thornton saw.

Thornton was emphatic about the fact that he had never seen such a strange object in all his life. He was reluctant to talk about it, expressing some regret that he had ever "opened his mouth" about it. Investigator had a slight impression that Thornton was perhaps not mentioning all the reasons he had for thinking that the object was so strange - his apparent suspicion seemed out of proportion to the sighting of a bright meteor, but may, of course, have been due only to the fact that his report was being investigated. 

and his wife were interviewed. These witnesses had been riding in an open convertible about three miles south-west of Thornton's location, at about the same time (shortly after 2100), and were on an interchange of Interstate 96 at the Cedar Street entrance, headed south. a pre-medical student, just finishing his senior year, saw the object for the longest time; his wife, alerted by his exclamation, just caught a glimpse of it before it turned a light off.

said that the object was coming from his left and was due south when he first noticed it. Its elevation was between 20 and 30 degrees. It was judged later to be as bright as Venus, perhaps brighter (Venus was approximately at magnitude -4) and of nearly the same color, a clear white. The object moved to the west through an arc of about thirty degrees, taking about three seconds. At the end of this time, the light suddenly cut off, while the object was still travelling through clear sky well above the horizon and clear of trees. Witness described it as if someone had turned a light off, or even more as if the light had rotated behind something.

If a minimum velocity for a meteor is taken as about 25,000 feet per second, the observed motion of the object could not have been that of a meteor, since the arc traversed, about 30 degrees, would have been covered in less than a second.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text found in the document is as follows:

then for the object to travel thirty degrees in three seconds, or ten degrees per second, it would have to have been about 25 miles away, even with an elevation of thirty degrees (an upper limit) it would have been only about 13 or 14 miles high. In order for the motor, if it was such, to have been at a more proper height, the line of sight distance would have to be at least four to six times the distance just calculated, and the velocity would have to have been very high, perhaps 20 to 30 miles per second. 

The sudden cessation of light, with no trail left behind, no shattering into smaller pieces, and no fading of the glow, suggests either an extremely high velocity meteor or small disc which was completely consumed before it could lose velocity significantly, or the more interesting possibility of a meteor of larger size and very high velocity which "skipped" in and out of the atmosphere.

Unfortunately, both Thornton and caught sight of the object when it was due south, so no correlation of starting point is possible, and Thornton could not remember very closely how far the object went before it winked out, except to say that the trajectory ended "in the southwest." He reported the same duration of 2 to 3 seconds. Within the limits of the estimates, with being the interior one, the light's extent paralleled, when the light went off, indicating a large distance. The same limits of error, however, would permit the light to be as close as 6 miles, travelling, however, at a speed of one mile per second. At such a speed, low in the atmosphere, any material object would be visible at night by virtue of its high skin temperature, and the light could not cease abruptly.

The initially reported that the object returned from the West soon after they pulled off the road to look around. They determined on their own, without assistance from anyone else, that the same object was performing as a "satellite" - this was the planet Venus (it was in an entirely different part of the sky), and so the entire report was dismissed as a mistaken observation of a satellite or distant planet.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a report or document.

Text extracted from the document:

reported during the personal interview. The similarity in brightness and color had misled then.

Final note: if the cutoff point had been on a line of sight passing through both observers, then no horizontal triangulation is meaningful. Elevation angles estimates are too uncertain to permit estimates.

With fair probability, the object may be taken to have been a fast, bright meteor, a fireball, far to the south and many miles high. If so, it could have been seen in northern central Indiana, and would have been brightest somewhere over the Indiana-Michigan border.

The object seem by ______ and Thornton could not have been the same as the one reported by the anonymous caller to have been "over her house," because the lady's house was somewhere between Thornton and the ______ . Unfortunately, no further information is available on this latter object.

6. ______ Thornton, 2106 EST, 23 May 1964. State Policeman and MSU college student saw brilliant white light moving east west for 2-3 seconds, then suddenly winking out. Total angular motion, about 30 degrees. Possibly a distant meteor, but conderably high speed required. Telescope described elliptical stage, short dimension along line of travel. Brightness like Venus. East Lansing-Lansing.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a form used to document sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as part of Project Blue Book, the United States Air Force's official program for investigating UFOs.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 26 May 64
2. LOCATION: East Lansing, Michigan
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 2425/1620
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 seconds
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Stationary, elliptical obj, size of full moon. Bllie metallic color with white haze. Obj emitted a white flash and disappeared. Flight from East to South. 3 seconds. No noise. Second witness observed for 3 seconds.
9. COURSE: South (Stationary)
10. COMMENTS: Sighting brief 4 seconds max. Details of color and shape are indicated, however no internal motion seen. Photo plans also not likely due to the of brightness not in record with this evaluation. Possibility of photo plane also not likely due to the fact that the of observation.

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, only text. As requested, I will act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce all the text found in the document:

3.  sighting. The witnesses are students at Michigan State University, where the sighting occurred, but had returned home by the time of this investigation, where they were contacted by telephone. lives during the summer at Street, Flint 3, Michigan, and lives in the summer at Grand Haven, Michigan. During the school year, they reside in Shaw Hall, Michigan State University. and were returning to their residence after a speech on campus by Governor Romney, which ended at 2000 hours, 2 May 1964. The time is uncertain, but may be somewhat previous to the sighting above, by perhaps fifteen minutes; it may have been somewhat afterward; 2030 is selected as a median time. and were riding a bicycle (tandem) due east across the campus noticed an object just above the trees straight ahead, at an elevation of or about 25°. He sayds, "Hey, look," and saw it, too. The object was apparently stationary, had an elliptical shape, and was approximately the size of

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The page contains only text, which I will now produce as output:

the full moon. It was bluish or metallic colored, and was surrounded by a blue haze, mixed with white.

According to the object remained stationary, tilted toward the South, all this time, and then emitted a brilliant white flash, like a magnesium flare or bomb. Immediately after the flash, the object was gone, and looked about for it but did not see it.

According to who looked later and just caught a brief glimpse prior to the white flash, the light did flash a brilliant magnesium white. But then the object travelled at high speed from due east toward the south, finally disappearing behind trees in the west-southwest. The whole movement took about 2.5 seconds.

The object showed no features, but had a definite (elliptical) shape. It was silent. 

This sighting was very brief, lasting a total of no more than 3-4 seconds. Little can be learned from it, but Rodgers' description tallies with an airborne photo mission, the disc being a "moonlit rotor disc." This is a weak explanation, however, unless the haze can be accounted for. If version is taken (and may simply have failed to acquire the moving object after the initial flash), then no explanation in conventional terms can be offered. There is no basis for a choice between the reports.

The sky was reported as cloudless and perfectly clear; in addition, the campus was dark.

2. 2030 EST, 26 May 1964. Elliptical object, bluish, surrounded by lighter blue haze. Emitted flash of white light, possibly in correlation with next sighting. East Lansing.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a complaint report filed on May 27, 1964 in East Lansing, Michigan.

COMPLAINT REPORT
County: _____
Township: _____
Village: US. LANSING
City: _____
Complaint No.: 11-1501-64
File Class No.: 292
Message No.: _____
Date: 5-27-1964
Telephone No.: 10:20 AM
Reporting Officer: CORP RICHARD_____
Offense: reported sighting - Unidentified Flying Objects
Complaintant called the post and stated that at around 9:24 AM on 5-26-64, while at his home, he observed two circular objects in the sky. The objects were described as 30-40 feet in diameter, silver in color, and made no sound. The objects then accelerated at a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight.
Remarks: _____
Respectfully Submitted
_____/Sgt/ _____CPL, POST

- page 10 -

