The image does not contain any photograph, only a form with text that appears to be a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: June/July 1952
2. LOCATION: Spencer, Indiana
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
4. SHAPE OF OBJECTS: Air/Visual
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
6. COURSE: 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 8-10 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: (D) Not Evaluated. Whirring sound. (E) Not Evaluated. Also hears wind falls.
9. CONCLUSIONS: Was analyzed. Insufficient data for evaluation.
11. COMMENTS: Requested investigation of sounds. Insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Information Center
SUBJECT: Case Summary U.F.O. Incident, Spencer, Indiana
1964 June 8 - 25 June 1964

The 4 page report by James F. Alvarez, east mansfield, Indiana, was travelling in his car when he observed an object in the sky. He described the object as being about 100 feet in diameter, oblong in shape, with a row of lights along the outer edge. The object was approximately 100 feet off the ground and moved silently. After about 5 minutes the object moved away rapidly and disappeared.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, with the title "1 - 17 JULY 1964 SIGHTINGS" at the top.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

LOCATION
- 41-23p Posterville, New York
1) Casas, Ohio
Denver, Colorado
Frankfort, Pennsylvania
Fresno, California
Clearwater, Florida (Foiler)
Roseland, Kansas
Grand Forks, North Dakota
Rapid City, South Dakota
Belleville, St. Jackson, Mo.
Washington, D.C.
San Angelo, Texas
Tucumcari, New Mexico
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
Lakehurst, N.J.
Spencer, Indiana

EVALUATION
Other (MISINTERPRETATION OF CONVENTIONAL OBJECTS) 
Astro (METEOR)
Astro (SATELLITE)
Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data
Astro (METEOR)
Astro (SATELLITE)
Balloon
Insufficient Data
Astro (STAR/PLANET)
Aircraft
Astro (MOON)
Balloon
Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
Astro (METEOR)
Satellite
Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
Satellite
Astro (STOCK)
Insufficient Data
Astro (METEOR)
Satellite
Insufficient Data

SOURCE
- St. Louis, News LTT
- Steubenville, Ohio LTT
- Santa Ana, Press Ltd.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with a list of locations and sources, likely related to a report or investigation.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
7 4 Patton, Michigan News Clipping
7 6 Spartansburg, Pennsylvania " " "
7 6 Trenton, New Jersey " " "
7 8 Santa Barbara, California " " "
7 9 Cleveland, Ohio " " "
7 9 Blairdsville, Pennsylvania " " "
7 11 Youngstown, Pennsylvania " " "
7 14 Macon, Georgia " " "
7 16 North Ave, Georgia " " "
7 16 Milledgeville, Georgia " " "
7 17 Parma, Montana " " "
7 17 Missoula, Montana " " "
7 17 Postoria, Ohio " " "

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed official document from Project Blue Book related to a request for UFO information.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

Request for UFO Information (Lewis R. Robertson)
Spencer, Indiana
Dear Sir,
We are in receipt of the attached letter from Mr. and Mrs. [redacted], Spencer, Indiana. The information in this letter indicates that an unidentified flying object has been observed, and that they would like a technical explanation of the observation in accordance with AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
FRED S. JONCKHEERE 
Colonel, USAF
Director, Aerospace Intelligence
and Subsystems

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or images, but rather appears to be a handwritten document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

Capt. Newton Quintensville, jr.

I continued my search for the sighted object in the manner prescribed and endeavored to do so without creating any undue public attention or interest. This, I felt, was an essential consideration, and fortunately the whole incident passed off without creating any undue public concern or notice. However, I did succeed in obtaining several reports and statements from reliable eyewitnesses who viewed the object. Their accounts, while differing somewhat in detail, are nevertheless, in substantial agreement as to the main facts involved. It is my opinion that they did actually observe some unusual aerial phenomenon, the nature of which I am unable to determine with certainty. However, I have gained the impression that it was not a conventional aircraft, and that the witnesses observed something quite out of the ordinary. While I was not able to obtain any tangible evidence such as photographs or physical specimens, I am satisfied that the witnesses did in fact see something that defies easy explanation in terms of known aerial phenomena. I am forwarding this report in the hope that it may contribute in some small way to a better understanding of the many puzzling aspects of the so-called "Unidentified Flying Objects" problem.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

"Some concerned citizens, including Elliott Spencer, have been talking to him and asking him where he can go from here on this case from Elliott Spencer. It seemed very mysterious how the lights would appear and disappear at a house. They were hoping that the Air Force and the government would take some real interest in this case and try to find out what was happening. There were many witnesses to these mysterious lights. It seemed to me that this was a case that should have been investigated further by the Air Force. There were many sincere people involved in this case who were concerned and wanted some answers. The witness, Mrs. ____, seemed very honest and I would appear apprehensive that nothing more was done about a case of this nature when there were so many witnesses."

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text printed on it.

Here is the text output by the OCR system:

In copra tion Only
Journal: American UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, 30 Jun 64

"This file contains: Penn; shortly after midnight a married couple observed a circular fire with a white halo an one end."

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Transcript of the text in the document:

"INFORMATION ONLY
Science Advisory UFO Conditions Review, Vol 1, No 3, Aug 64

June 24, 1964. 8:15 PM: Edward Weller, a retired couple, were their return home to Indianapolis, Indiana, when they observed a UFO which moved in a straight line and then abruptly made a right-angle turn and disappeared. Weller stated that the object was about the size of a car and lighted. The Wellers were traveling west on U.S. 40 near Spencer, when they noticed the UFO above the horizon to the north. They watched it for several minutes. General agreement has been expressed by UFO investigators and Air Force officials that this sighting was authentic and merits further study."

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document containing text, but no visual image is visible.

Information Concerning Unidentified Flying Objects Incidents
Sources: Auditor's UFO Committee Review, Vol 1, No 2, Sep 64

The text in the document states:
"June 23rd, 1964. Herald-Telephone received a call from a local young couple who reported that, while driving home from work, they had observed a bright object in the sky which seemed to be maneuvering in an unusual manner. They stopped their automobile, got out, and observed the object for several minutes. They stated that the object changed color from bright red to green to yellow, and seemed to be oscillating or wobbling. The object then appeared to dart suddenly, from their line of sight, approximately 1/4 mile distant. The couple had no explanation for what they had observed."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document detailing sightings at Seaton Burn, England.

Sightings at Seaton Burn
On the night of the 29th May, 1964, Mr. Wood, Mr. Wagstaff, and Mr. Shipley sighted an object high in the sky over Seaton Burn. It was disc-shaped, glowing, and seemed to be pulsating at a rapid rate. It hovered at a high altitude for several minutes, then moved off very quickly to the west.
Some time later, Mr. Wood and his wife saw the same or a similar object, again high in the sky over Seaton Burn. It was large and disc-shaped, and appeared to give off a pulsating glow. It hovered for some time, then rapidly moved off to the west.
Mr. Wood telephoned the police to report the sighting, but the object had vanished by the time they arrived. He then contacted local RAF stations, but they could offer no explanation for what had been seen.
The witnesses were all reliable people, and seemed genuinely puzzled and somewhat disturbed by what they had seen. They all described the object in similar terms, and are convinced that they saw something quite out of the ordinary. 
(Continued to Mr. Henry Lewis)

- page 11 -

The image contains a reproduction of a photograph showing a strange, shell-like object in the sky. The text describes this as a "Mystery Photograph from France" and provides details about the sighting and the witness's experience.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Mystery photograph from France
Within a ten days interval, two inhabitants of Saint-Maur-des-Fosses, France, claimed to have seen a mysterious object in the sky. On June 27, about midnight, M. Roger went out of his house. He noticed a bright light in the sky, which he thought was perhaps an aircraft. But its motions were unlike those of a plane. It became larger, then smaller, and finally disappeared behind some trees.
Two months later, on August 29, another inhabitant of the same town, M. Lecerf, declared that it was the same object as he saw on the same date, June 27, at about midnight. M. Lecerf was starting from the cinema when he saw the object. It was then moving very slowly. He rushed into the house to get his camera, but the object was already out of sight by the time he reached the window.
It must be borne in mind that M. Lecerf was not aware of the previous sighting by M. Roger on the same date. The two accounts are therefore independent.
(Credit to Mme. Saunier)

- page 12 -

