The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from Project Blue Book, which is a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the record card is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 25 May 64
2. LOCATION: Ansted, West Virginia
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 2030 EDST
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1-2 seconds
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
9. COURSE: Falling
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Witness observed obj from brief glance while driving. Falling at 2 - 3 ft in diameter. Ball of fire. Tail of fire 10 ft long. Bright like welders are high heat indicated to observe. Extremely bright, no sound. Brighter than sun. Vertical fall. Thought to be 3-4 miles away.
12. CONCLUSIONS: [Box] Was Balloon
[Box] Possibly Balloon
[Box] Probably Astronomical
[Box] Was Aircraft
[Box] Probably Aircraft
[Box] Was Astronomical 
[Box] Meteor Sighting
[Box] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[Box] Unknown

- page 1 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a sketch with a compass and instructions for answering questions related to the sighting of a UFO or unidentified object. The sketch includes a curved line with instructions to indicate the height of the object above the horizon, as well as a compass rose to indicate the direction the object was last seen.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Vertical trail

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribed text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Patty Sow - 7 years old

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - Last Name First Name Middle Name 
ADDRESS - Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
AGE 29 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
WAS IN NAVY AIR FORCE in WARFARE II work at (Obscured) since trainned short time specialist while in service.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
By letter to ATIC office, Attn: Major Hue Case, D.C.

- page 3 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 26 June 64

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
I can not recall the date because so much time had elapsed since it had happened. It was about 4:00 AM, official time, as I was a big part of the aircraft in this sitter. The reason I reported this was because it was a fact that was not in the story & also thought that it might be important as a possible booster or a possible boost in boston since it was so huge.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this scanned document. It appears to be a typed letter on a Project Blue Book report form.

September 2, 1964

Dear Mr. _____,

This is in reference to an Unidentified Flying Object reported to the Air Force.

Evaluation of the information you submitted indicates that the duration of the incident and the description of the object observed were too indefinite and fragmentary for proper evaluation. More specific details would be required for adequate analysis.

The observation, which is described as a luminous type of phenomenon, possibly fits the general description of those of satellite decays. It can be noted that the duration was short and the color was white and yellow. The speeds are commonly known and relatively high. 

Thank you for reporting this observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
MAJOR D. E. JACKS
Deputy Chief
Public Information Division

Ansted, West Virginia

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF:   TDEW

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 25 May 64, Ansted, W Va.

TO:    HQ USAF SAFOI FB
ATTN: D. C. 2020

1. This office has received an unidentified flying object report from Ansted, West Virginia. This letter is forwarded to your office for such action as you may make a reply.

2. The information as the information indicates by this report indicates that the object observed was a meteor. The duration of 1 - 2 seconds and the description of the object with a flashing tail and a vertical fall through 25 degrees are consistent with this analysis. In his initial description, the witness has been included and there was a possibility that magnesium flares used in night photo missions indicate that the object was not a meteor. This could not have been the case. The report remains consistent with those of satellite decays. However, this does not with those of satellite decays. It should be noted that the duration of a decay is much longer (up to 1 minute) the colors tend to be reds and yellows, and speeds are much slower and disintegration or breaking up is quite common.

FOR THE COMMANDER

A. COLLINS, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Transcribed text from the document:

"May 25, 1964
Ansted, W. Va.

To whom it may concern,
Dear Sir:

At approximately 9:30 P.M. on the evening of May 25, 1964, to the northwest of the City of Ansted, I saw a falling object. It was a ball of fire and seemed to be 2 to 3 feet in diameter with a tail of approximately 50 feet. My object was traveling southeast.

Shortly, before a jet had passed was humming of a high pitch because it was as bright as a welding arc, a glow may have been more the description. I did not see if there was a trail in the sky.

This falling object could have been a rocket, a satellite, or a meteorite. In all probability, it was too bright to be a satellite, and it moves too slow to be a meteor. I have seen some strange things in my many years but this was the most spectacular.

Sincerely,
[Signature]"

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten text.

a set of bright lights seen as the electric are furnaces at 11:50, and recognition alarms went off at 11:52.

I do not know what this event or sighting was, but I have transcribed the handwritten text from the document as follows:

"a set of bright lights seen as the electric are furnaces at 11:50, and recognition alarms went off at 11:52.

I do not know what this was, but I have phoned it in.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Anested, WVA

Headquarters, Tactical Air Command
2.5. Air Force Headquarters
Washington, D.C."

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can legibly. The information that you give will be treated as confidential and will not be used for any other purpose, such as drawing conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?  June 19, 1964. Time of day: 8:37  MINUTES

2. Day  FRIDAY  Month  JUNE  Year 1964

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Daylight Saving f. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? ANSTED, WEST VIRGINIA

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)  1.2 SECONDS

5.1 How was time in sight determined? JUST A GLANCE, ARMY TRUCK PASSING

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? NO

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY - EVENING - 8:39 PM

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? d. To your left

Form FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

6. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
Brighter than are the planet or a magnesium flare

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Accelerate parts or sections at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? This object was in sight only momentarily. I tried to catch it but it disappeared behind some trees and did not come back to the object which was gone.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes _May have passed behind a cloud or something_ No Don't Know? IF you answered YES, then tell what
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No _Don't Know_ IF you answered YES, then tell what
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _Seemed to be silent_
b. Color _As bright as brilliant than the Sun_
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have not performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the head of a kitchen match held at arm's length? _The object would have been covered by less than 1/8 of the match head_
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. _hand-drawn sketch of a round or elliptical object with a tail moving towards the ground_

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 20,000

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No Not sure
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3 to 4 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 2 miles
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 5 miles per hour
24.3 Did you see or any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Shooting STAR but tremendous in SIZE

- page 12 -

