There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text information only.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 November 64 21/0105Z

2. LOCATION
Lakeland, Florida

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
35 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. ALTITUDE
Low

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

PID Form -F-32 0-329 (TDE)

10. CONCLUSION
CONFLICTING DATA

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object like North Star in sight for 35 seconds. Bright orange-yellow color. Estimated at 2-4,000 mph. Straight flight. Could have been satellite re-entry or space debris. Observation was NE to NW. COMMENTS: Initial letter indicated that the object was moving faster than 500-700 mph. Observer stated that the object disappeared into thin air, not fade. Echo I and II not in area at reported time. If observed, could represent a re-entry of those data in view of the form 14. see Acayer 66-1.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text and form fields to be filled out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One): Yes, No. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2-4000 m.p.h.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One): Yes, No. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 miles away
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. Flying over a city/country?, f. Other.
23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In some country-side?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city/country?, f. Other.
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you going? a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest. 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes, No.
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: a. Binoculars, Yes, No. b. Sun glasses, Yes, No. c. Windshield, Yes, No. d. Window glass, Yes, No. e. Telescope, Yes, No. f. Other, Yes, No.
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a commercial object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: It appeared to be in the sky at a great height, which bothers me.

- page 2 -

The image contains a sketch depicting instructions for reporting the sighting of an unidentified flying object. The sketch includes a compass rose and instructions for marking the location and movement of the observed object. There does not appear to be any photographic image included in this document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture of the path, or motion, of the object or objects sighted, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arrayed, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and responses.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] [Redacted] HO. [Redacted] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE [Redacted] SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent: [Redacted] 
When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted] the police and [Redacted]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, with handwritten text describing a sighting of an object in the sky that disappeared, possibly indicating a UFO observation.

Text extracted from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 July 1964
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

This object looked like a star. It was gone except for a little spot of light left out in space. It disappearrd so quickly it could have been a meteor except the way it disappeared it just seems to have gone up faster than can be seen, and the light itself seems to have gone out rather than just faded away. There was no sound.

P.S. Sorry for the misspelled words.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

21/01/52
(21/01/52) Land in Smith Henderson
(21/01/29) Depart

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a handwritten letter.

Dear Sir,
My friends and I were out watching the storm when we noticed an orange light.
The light was hovering about 500-700 mph. Decor did not change (no color change) and had no sound. We could not figure out what we were seeing. After watching it for land 5 minutes it just disappeared in front of our eyes. Three of us saw it. I was should tell you about the incident. 
Sincerely,

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned image of an official document or envelope from the United States Air Force regarding Project Blue Book. The document is addressed to the "Office of the Secretary, United States Air Force, Washington D.C. 20330" and is stamped with the text "UFO" and "OFFICIAL BUSINESS".

Text extracted from the image:
LAKELAND, FLA.
UFO
Dept. of the air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C. 20330
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

- page 8 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram depicting various elements related to a reported UFO sighting. The diagram shows the "starting point of UFO", "traveling distance", "vanishing point of UFO", as well as stars and clouds in the sky. There is no photographic image present in this document.

Sincerely, 
(11)
(11)

DIAGRAM
STARTING POINT OF UFO
OTHER       TRAVELING 
STARS         DISTANCE
                VANISHING POINT
                 OF U.F.O.
STARS
CLOUDS

- page 9 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be the cover page or header of a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the image reads:

(PROJECT BLUE BOOK)
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Text Output:
24 November 1964

Dear [redacted],

With reference to your recent letter, attached is the final report of the Department of Information to be used for reporting UFO sightings.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Branch
Guided Information Division
Office of Information

[redacted]
Lakeland, Florida

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with this particular information as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 20 NOV 1964
2. Time of day: 1955 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Lakeland Florida
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 35 seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Best Estimation
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right

FTO DCR 82 164 This form supersedes FTO 1B3, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8-1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8-2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight 
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick, heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Self-luminous
c. Blurred
d. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to any common object. It was as bright as a street light.

12. The edge of the object was: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know  
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 13 -

The image appears to contain a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It seemed to fade away in haze of sky.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Moved behind a cloud.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
     a. Sound  very fast and silent
     b. Color  it was a bright orange
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note: how much of the object is covered by the match. If you cannot recall the exact size during the experiment, give an estimate of the size at the time of sighting. (I.F.O. 11742-13 RANG) 16-20 degrees
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. (If there is an error beside this direction showing the direction the object was moving.)
DISAPPARING VERY FAST UFO.

- page 14 -

