The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used for recording UFO sightings and observations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 31 MAY 64
2. LOCATION: Wheaton, Maryland
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2155Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G Ground-Radar
5. PHOTO: None
6. DURATION: 12 mins
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 12 mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
9. COURSE: Erratic motion, changing motion description of objects.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Objects coming from SE to NW. Flight included abrupt turns to right and left. Seen up and down. Observation for about 12 minutes total from 2155Z to 2207Z.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

"No Case: Information Only
Source: TSIC Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1

"At 2:30 a.m., May 13, 1964, the sky near Wheaton, Maryland was illuminated by a bright oval-shaped object surrounded by a bluish glow. The object was estimated to be about 30 feet in diameter and was hovering about 150 feet above the ground. It remained in view for about 10 minutes and then shot straight up at a tremendous speed and disappeared. There were no sound effects. The event was observed by two witnesses and reported to the authorities."

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to a UFO sighting.

Information Only Source
Gramp
59 3464

Fuzzell puzzled: 
Appeared in the "Wheaton Daily Times" on May 19, 1964. He was an official of the telephone company and a resident of this north-central Washington community when a strange object was seen in the sky.

"Sheriff James Fuzzell said an unknown, shining object was reported flying over this area last night by other people, and its origin is unexplained," the news report said. It moved swiftly and silently, he reported.

"It looked like a street light but a little bigger," Fuzzell said, describing the object. "It wasn't any aircraft I'm familiar with." The object was seen for about 10 minutes shortly before midnight, he said.

"Fuzzell said he watched the object through binoculars. He described it as round and bright, adding it appeared to be observing the area from its position hovering in the air on the level," the news story continued.

"Col. Leon E. Emery, station commander at Andrews Air Force Base, said he knew nothing about any strange objects in the area. 'Whether it was a some kind of aircraft or not, I don't know,' he commented. 'I have nothing on that. If we had information, I would certainly pass it along to you.'"

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

May 25, 1964

Dear  

1964 in which you forwarded a newspaper clipping stating that your office had received a report of an alleged sighting of an unidentified flying object. Since your office had no reports on this matter, we thought it best to acknowledge receipt of your letter and to inform you that this office has no connection with the investigation of UFO sightings.

With specialized descriptions of the phenomenon, investigation of UFO sightings will be made by the Condon Committee under the contract with the University of Colorado. Accordingly, we must refer you to that investigation for any connection between the Condon Committee and UFO sightings.

Sincerely,

MASTON H. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division

Bluffton, Indiana

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article from "The Journal-Gaz" in Fort Wayne, Indiana, dated Friday, May 22, 1964. The article is titled "Unidentified Sky Objects Seen Here Last Night" and describes sightings of unidentified flying objects in the local area the previous night.

The text of the article reads:

UNIDENTIFIED! 
Sky Objects Seen Here
Last Night

UFO's again.
The Oberreich Field Tower last night reported seeing four unidentified flying objects moving over the city. Several residents also called to report the sighings, said they flashed rhythmically and moved at a high rate of speed before disappearing, unsuccessful.
It was a fascinating sight, they said.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a text description of a UFO sighting over Phoenix, Arizona on April 25, 1964. The text describes an unidentified object that hovered over the desert northeast of Phoenix, measuring 10 miles in length and 600-700 feet wide. The object was seen by multiple agencies and witnesses, and left no visible trail or vapor in the sky.

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: AFOO Phill1.p1n, Apr 65
Phoenix, Ariz.

Cloud UFO At Phoenix

An unidentified object hovered over the desert northeast of Phoenix, Ariz. on April 25, 1964. News and government agencies received calls from many observers who like AFP reported the Phoenix object. It was said to be circular in shape, 10 miles long - 600 to 700 feet wide. No smoke or vapor trail was emitted and it was invisible against the sky and "hard to figure out what it was."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an unidentified flying object (UFO) investigation program conducted by the United States Air Force.

Text from the document:

"Hollooman Air Force Base, New Mexico.
May 27, 1964. The Hollooman Air Force confirmed that they have made radar contacts with unidentified objects in the area of White Sands, which lies east of Hollooman.
As an Air Force scientific installations, Hollooman has been concerned with the natural phenomenon, such as a dust storm, is the probable cause. However, it is conceivable that the presence in a dust storm could have induced radar return that resembled a solid object."

- page 7 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a typed document that appears to be a newspaper article or report about a UFO incident.

The text in the document states:

"LORENZEH CLAIMS CAPTURED UFO HELD AT HOLLDWAH
May 24 - Coral E. Lorenzen, director of the UFO organization situated in Tucson, Arizona, alleged that an egg-shaped object is presently under guard in a Holloman hangar. Mrs. Lorenzen, as spokeswoman, and Mrs. Lorenzen have thus far failed to submit any evidence to support her contention."

- page 8 -

This image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page contains a typed text report describing a UFO sighting in England, but there is no photograph included on this particular page.

ENGLAND
The sighting occurred about 10:30 P.M. on 11 March 1964 in the area to the north-west of the city of Wakefield, according to the report. The object was described as a red-orange glow with light striations, hovering over the area for a period of time before moving off in the direction from which it came. The report mentions that the object was observed by many people in the vicinity, including some airfield personnel at the Wakefield R.A.F. Station. Mr. Alfred Booth (49), of Langset, Crigglestone, Yorkshire, is cited as one of the witnesses who observed a half-moon-shaped object with an orange glow in the vicinity.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a printed text document or report about a UFO sighting.

UFO GOES TO A MOVIE?
On the night of May 29, 1963, at about 10:30 P.M. a bright light was observed by numerous persons in the vicinity of Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio. For the most part, the object was described as approximately the size of a basketball, reddish in color, and moving in a horizontal direction at a high rate of speed. The object was observed for several minutes before it suddenly descended vertically and was lost to view.
Various explanations have been suggested for this phenomenon, including that it may have been some type of aircraft. However, one witness, a young woman who was with a student accompanying her, stated that the object appeared to be about the size of a basketball, reddish in color, and moved in a horizontal direction before descending vertically. She also stated that the object maneuvered in a manner which would be difficult for any conventional aircraft. The witness stated that the object resembled the conventional "flying saucer" with domes.
After the minutes, the object moved directly eastward at a high rate of speed, and was lost to view. Neither the witness nor the student accompanying her desires to remain anonymous. The report concludes that while there could be a logical explanation for this sighting, at this time it cannot be determined with certainty.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: APRO Bulletin, Jul, Aug, 65

Forteam Objects In Cuba
On the morning of July 22, 1964, a "great quantity of brilliant objects were seen falling to earth in the Pinar del Rio Province of Western Cuba". The objects looked like various kinds of vessels of the Armed Forces, said the objects looked like various kinds of military aircraft vessels.

The above information appeared in a confidential APRO Bulletin dispatch from Brazil, according to the author. The author noted that there have been some kind of "new model of aggression, hostility, and inhumanity" against the U.S. economy and people by the U.S. of Covert States. The activities of the "basterds" concerned have become so serious to the U.S. economy in relation to the Cuban Province. As soon as they hit the ground, the "halloewen" dispersed, leaving a peculiar substance similar to that of the bacteria cultures. Strong rains prevented gathering of samples for analysis.

- page 11 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
100TH AIR BASE WING, HQ COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ANDREWS AFB, WASHINGTON 25, D.C. 20331

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DOOT

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO: AFSCO (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. The attached UFO Report is forwarded in accordance with AFR 200-2, as amended.

2. Please acknowledge the receipt of the report in this office. It was not deemed for release to this submit the usual statistical report.

FOR THE COMMANDER

THOMAS A. BENNETT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Operations

1 Atch
UFO Rept, 2 cys

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, discussing a reported UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

NO name, information only
The Wheaton, Maryland, object Was about five milles (sic) from the car when she took the picture. She said it was stationary object when she took picture.
CATCHES 'OBJECT' 
THE MYSTERY-Shrouded and Forbidding Superstition River of the skies, the disappearance of scores of "flying saucers" and who never returned. The flying object, from a moving car near Wheaton, Md., as the color transparency shows the luminosity in the background.
The object that looks like it came out of a science fiction magazine, could be an enclosed cabin with a grape-like bubble forming on the upper surface as the object moves past at five miles.
Initial and Mrs. Creanle said the object Was about five milles (sic) from the car when she took the picture. She said it Was a stationary object when she took picture. The photograph does seem to show a luminous, semi-transparent object in the sky.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
10001 ME AIRDRM CER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WASHINGTON, D.C.

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: DOGR

1. The following UFO report was received by the Officer of Air Force DOGR from the Command Post on 5 Jun 64, and is forwarded for appropriate reference.

2. A woman called stating she had seen a UFO 31 May 64, between 2300 and 2330 hours. Her husband and 3 children also witnessed the same object. It was coming from the SE moving to the NW at a moderate speed. The rounded object made an abrupt, rapid upward turn and proceeded to move rapidly in a southward direction out of sight. The color of the object was reddish. The size was that of a small aircraft and it made no sound.

3. Further information in the nearby area confirmed that no aircraft were flying in the area. The color of the object was also confirmed by other witnesses. No other information was received on either of these objects.

PAUL B. RICE
Major, USAF
Base Operations Officer

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
ATLANTIC CENTER, USAF
Asheville, North Carolina

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CGDDD

SUBJECT: DATA for Washington and Lansing Areas

TO: AFSDC (PTD/TDS/Sat Moday)

1. Reference: Your telecom with Mr. Sherouse of this Division on 19 Jun 
2. We are enclosing photocopies of the following:
a. Surface observations (WBAN 10 A & B) for 31 May 64 from National Airport, Washington, D.C.
b. Ravinsonde observations (WBAN 31 ABC) for 21, 22, and 24 May 64 from Flint, Michigan. 
3. Flint is the closest ravinsonde station to the Lansing area.

FOR THE DIRECTOR:

THOMAS E. FALKENWORTH
Lt, USAF
Data Processing Division

1 Atch
Photocopies a/s

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The image contains a detailed table or grid with rows and columns filled with numerical data. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

2 0 110 130 0.9
2 0 120 140 0.9
2 0 130 150 0.9
2 0 140 160 0.9
2 0 150 170 0.9
2 0 160 180 0.9
2 0 170 190 0.9
2 0 180 200 0.9
2 0 190 210 0.9
2 0 200 220 0.9
2 0 210 230 0.9
2 0 220 240 0.9
2 0 230 250 0.9
2 0 240 260 0.9
2 0 250 270 0.9
2 0 260 280 0.9
2 0 270 290 0.9
2 0 280 300 0.9
2 0 290 310 0.9
2 0 300 320 0.9
2 0 310 330 0.9
2 0 320 340 0.9
2 0 330 350 0.9
2 0 340 360 0.9
2 0 350 370 0.9
2 0 360 380 0.9
2 0 370 390 0.9
2 0 380 400 0.9
2 0 390 410 0.9
2 0 400 420 0.9

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a spreadsheet or tabular data from a Project Blue Book UFO report. The image does not contain any photographs, only text data in a grid format. 

OCR text output:

7-S-64 
PROJECTBLUE BOOK 
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
STATISTICAL DATA
INCIDENT DATE: 7-S-64 
PLACE: WHEATON MARYLAND
SIGHTING DURATION: 12-15 MINUTES
SIZE: 100-300 YARDS LONG 
SHAPE: OVAL
ALTITUDE: 2000-3000 FEET
DIRECTION OF TRAVEL: NORTH
COLOR: WHITE
BACKGROUND: CLEAR NIGHT SKY
DETAILS OF SIGHTING: TWO POLICE OFFICERS AND SEVERAL CITIZENS OBSERVED A LARGE OVAL-SHAPED OBJECT WITH BRIGHT LIGHTS MANEUVERING IN THE SKY. THE OBJECT HOVERED AND THEN SHOT AWAY AT HIGH SPEED. NO SOUND WAS HEARD.
POSSIBLE CAUSES: AIRCRAFT, SATELLITE, METEOR, BALLOON, OR OTHER NATURAL PHENOMENA.
CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

No Case Information Only 
Sources: PSID Bulletin, Vol 2, #1... May 18, 1964 - Mr. Jim Haskior, a deputy sheriff in Montgomery County, Maryland, called the Project Bluebook office to report that while on routine patrol about 12:10 AM on May 15, 1964, he had observed a strange, glowing object in the sky. 
He described the object as a "yellow disc-shaped light", about the size of a full moon. It hovered for a few minutes, then shot straight up at a tremendous speed, almost vertically. The speed was so fast that it seemed to disappear with the blink of an eye.
According to Mr. Haskior, the object was seen by several other people in the area, and confirmation was received from an other deputy sheriff in the same county. Mr. Haskior stated that he was quite familiar with all types of aircraft, conventional and military, and this was unlike anything he had ever seen before. He was certain that it was not an aircraft, helicopter, or any known type of flying object.
Note the similarity to the sightings of Deputy Jack Haines near Sterling, Virginia, on the night of May 13, 1964. The object in both cases appeared to be about the size of the full moon, a bright yellow-orange color, almost motionless at first, then shot straight up at a tremendous speed.

- page 18 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document. It contains a newspaper clipping regarding a "Mystery submarine" that was observed off the coast of Sweden on May 31. The clipping includes a headline and a short article, but no photograph is visible in this particular page.

Transcription of the text from the document:

SWEDEN
Mystery submarine
The London Daily Telegraph reports: "Stockholm, May 31 - A foreign submarine was sighted tonight near the Swedish island of Öland in the Baltic Sea. The Swedish naval authorities are investigating the incident, but no further details are available.
The submarine vanished after being under observation for several hours. The Swedish Air Force and Navy were alerted and carried out extensive searches, but the submarine could not be located."

- page 19 -

There is a photograph present in the image, which appears to be a sketch or diagram of a "net" or object with a grid-like pattern. The image is described as an "extended down, or at a downward angle from the large alternating (orange to white) object."

Regarding the text from the document, the OCR output is as follows:

Information Only (no Case) Course: FRIC

More About North Lawrence Case of May 17th - Mrs. Edna Sarginson identified the following after the U.S. had passed over, not during the time it hovered over the firehouse. (Passed from Mrs. White Dan Sarginson's house.) The U.F.O. had a disc-like shape, was hovering just over the trees, and appeared to be metallic. Later it descended.

She followed the sighting, the memory of it is still very vividly impressed upon her mind. The U.F.O. was very large, about 150 to 200 feet in diameter, she estimates. Mrs. White and Mrs. Sarginson are 65 and 71 years respectively. They are the children of Mrs. Edna Sarginson.

Another local resident, who insisted he saw the U.F.O. returning from the U.S. as it passed them, will be adamant in his belief that he saw it as described. However, he was unable to get any photographs. 

This "net" extended down, or at a downward angle from the large alternating (orange to white) object.

Range VII - Finally! We wonder what significant details were overlooked in this case. If additional information became available, further study would be in order.

- page 20 -

