There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a Project 10073 Record Card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 1 Mar 1964
2. LOCATION: Middleboro, Mass.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 02/010/64
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [x] No
6. SOURCE: Avid believer in flying saucers. Youth 15 and friend who go out looking for saucers.
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 hour 41 min.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One or more
9. COURSE: varied
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Series or erratic motions of one or more objects over a period of almost two hours.
11. COMMENTS: Report considered as main type of conventional objects. See report 5 June 64.
12. CONCLUSION: [ ] Was Balloon [ ] Probably Bal
[ ] Was Aircraft [ ] Probably Ai
[ ] Was Astronautical [ ] Probably Ast
[x] Other: Insufficient data

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Middleboro, Mass. Middleboro, Mass.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] Middleboro City
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AGE 15 SEX male
I am an only child so I have no brothers or sisters. I have never had any physical experiences with U.F.O.s or extraterrestrials but I am always interested in the subject and I like to see them because it raises my imagination and I am curious to know more about them.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
15 March 1964 Project Blue Book Washington, D.C.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:	23	June	1964
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered or a negative explanation of your sighting:

At the time which the objects were about to leave an airport (it sounded like a double engine plane arrived) with what sounded like a heavy object dropped, the only thing that I could be sure of was the direction from which the objects came - the east. The information which I wish to make additional regarding this is that the objects changed direction as soon as they were sighted and flew up and down as well as anyone on airport. The objects could not be seen for very long, perhaps a minute and a half, and they seemed to be descending toward the ground in a single and slow movement. Their flight pattern could be described as a zig-zag up and down, but it was not at all straight. I am very sure of (3000 ft.) there was a unusual activity which I am unable to describe clearly. This is what I saw distinctly form the objects themselves.
Anyone who might have seen the objects would well agree that they were not jets or any such object which travel at great speed. This may be that they seem to have some sort or either either lighter or stronger than air propulsion because the objects seemed to have just stopped suddenly and changed their course to another direction by having in a most unusual-shaped maneuver.

Would you please give me your analysis of this sighting?

* It had 53' stamped up to the left 1330 pm and again 2100 pm before the falls on map

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It is a scanned document from the United States Air Force Headquarters in Washington, D.C.

United States Air Force Headquarters
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Would you please send me a copy of the following which some time since JAFTP 1/16 (14 September 1953), AFR 200-2 of 12 August 1954 (superseding 26 August 1953 including change 200-2A 2 November 1953), PRNC 3820.1 of 23 July 1954. I would also like any other about the subject of UFOs and also any photos that you have for release. Thank you very much for your help.

Sincerely,

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with the address "Middleboro, Mass. 02346" and the text "United States Air Force Headquarters, Washington, D.C." at the bottom.

Middleboro, Mass. 02346
United States Air Force Headquarters
Washington, D.C.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter dated June 12, 1964, from Maston M. Jacks of the Public Information Division, Office of Information, regarding unidentified flying objects.

The text of the document is as follows:

June 12, 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is in reply to your letter of May 29, 1964. In which you requested certain publications on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects. 

AFRP 200-2 is for inter-service guidance and AFNG 3520.1 is a Navy document which is used solely for Navy guidance.

There are no photographs or drawings available for distribution. Those photographs which were submitted for analysis have been evaluated as common objects, balloons, and all have been returned to the senders.

We are enclosing the latest Air Force Fact Sheet on Unidentified Flying Objects together with a copy of the recent Socorro, New Mexico sighting.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosures
[redacted]
Middleboro, Mass. 02346

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter or report from a "Public Information Officer" to "Gentlemen" regarding a "fact sheet" about unidentified flying objects (UFOs) that the writer has received.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK INFORMATION OFFICER
USAF (SAFETY)
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

Gentlemen:

In a fact sheet sent me recently by your public information officer, I was asked by one Capt Gerber to observe anything which I believed to possess the qualifications of a UFO. I should have mentioned this earlier to the Air Force, but the report was not requested directly by yours truly and two others for the first and one other occasion.

I am writing to request two (2) UFO report forms from that which I have believed in the phenomena, and I say it is very credible. The flight which I saw - and on the sight I will not comment as unlabeled as present - was not lacking in some, but the report will contain some technical details on the other hand as improbable as any other sightings observed by me. Some of the more astronomical phenomena and aerodynamic capacities as well as more forms of aircraft under test were the other characteristics.

Besides the same, I would also appreciate any information on my request, including pertinent background and sketches, which you please answer this request.

Thank you.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Department of the Air Force document, specifically a memorandum from the Office of the Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
MEMORANDUM
Middle Town, Mass.
To AIR WAR COLLEGE
Routing Aviation

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

The text in the document reads:

REQUEST FOR UFO INFORMATION

HQ USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs. Gaiser)

1. We have received two complete PID forms 1ch from Mr. and Mrs. A. L. for Middleboro, MA. He has requested an Air Force evaluation on these two sightings.

2. The sightings of 1 March 1964 are evaluated as uninterpreted or conventional objects. The duration of one hour 41 minutes does not substantiate the sightings as unusual objects. No time variation was noted.

3. Regarding the sightings of 5 June 1964, these observations are listed as 4 distinct objects with duration of 1, 5, and 40 seconds. While the fourth object was not described in sufficient detail for analysis, this object is carried as unidentified as insufficient data.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Technology
and Subsystems

- page 9 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP) sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on possible unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes only, and will not be used for conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information be used for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
MAR, 1964
Year

2. Time of day:
A.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): b. Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: City or Town, State

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours 1, Minutes 15, Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? looked at watch when I saw and in
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright
NIGHT: b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): e. To your right

FTD OCT 43 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions and checkboxes related to observations of a UFO.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
About 1/3 as bright as a star. 
Very dim - like a star Vasis in PYJA.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined when in moon haze.

- page 11 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO sighting, which appears to be part of a Project Blue Book document. The sketch depicts a source of light that "seemed like a coiled wire" that was "always moving in some direction."

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? only disappeared behind trees and horizon (hill) and came all times except last rather swiftly

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): No If you answered yes: It moved behind: only behind trees and hill

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes If you answered yes: in front of: trees and hill

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: none b. Color: pulsating red, green, and amber that seemed one cluster

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match?

1/2 - 2/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the features that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without building the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The line seemed like a coiled wire that was always moving in some direction.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   YES   NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 500 - 600 mph but

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?  
(Circle One)   YES   NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? probably 10 - 12 miles but less than

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors  
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a town?
b. In the residential section of a town?
c. In open country?/area
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?   YES   NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   YES   NO
b. Sun glasses   YES   NO 
c. Windshield   YES   NO
d. Window glass   YES   NO
e. Binoculars   YES   NO
f. Telescope   YES   NO
g. Theodolite   YES   NO
h. Other ____________

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object or objects you saw.

If one took a bell about the size of the Liberty Bell and on top of it standing right up so that it did not dot the top this would describe the object we saw. The size seemed just about half of the Liberty Bell and similar in shape but did not dot the top. This was the object, the three who saw them, only I wore glasses.

- page 13 -

This page from the Project Blue Book report does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an illustration or diagram with instructions for a witness to sketch observations of an unidentified aerial object.

The text in the document reads:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" on the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many did you see? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

Until area D in the above drawing there was only one object.

- page 14 -

