The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

6 November 64 Evening
Civilian
Three
Ground-Visual
Falling
No
No

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
Astronomical (METEOR)
Reported Meteor Sightings
Objects sighted were burning. Had fiery trails. Descended slowly, disappeared. 20 of these objects in the last two years. 

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed letter on an official-looking document.

UFO Research, 
Dayton,Ohio,
(Please forward)

November 6, 1954

Dear Sir: I am a Yellow Taxicab Driver in Pittsburgh,Penna. While driving this shift, I spend some time each day at Greater Pittsburgh Airport. I keep looking for something unusual, and to my dismay, they have nothing to report that seems to be falling stars, lately. 

I seem to have seen small lights lazily and remarkably fall onto the Airport.And after a very close one fell several months ago, a Mr. Johnson,here,called me to the roof of the Sheraton Hotel,and we both saw the downtown lights of the Pittsburgh Airport.

Mt. johnson,whose telephone number is (deleted) said the downtown lights never shine so brightly and it was standing outside of the taxicab,looking up onto the sky, as I was, and it came into my vision, falling straight down, and turning around in a semi-circle and then died out.

Hoping you have some idea, this may add something to.

Sincerely,
(Signature)

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, showing a typed letter with some handwritten notes and signatures.

HEADQUARTERS 
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: Meteor Sightings (6 Nov 64)

TO: HQ USAF FIN PR
WASH D C 20330

From: Detailed letter from William Coleman Bittner requesting information on unidentified flying objects. The attached letter to M. poses a suggested reply.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: Meteor Observations

TO: Dravosburg, Pennsylvania

Dear Mr. [Redacted],

The Air Force appreciates your reported observations. We are indeed interested in observations of this type. We are also desirous of obtaining on extended space vehicles; the observations of this type would appreciate receiving continued reports of this type of observations. We are enclosing a description of interested space vehicles; the observations of this type would appreciate receiving continued reports of this type of observations.

Also, Doctor Charles P. Olivier of the University of Pennsylvania heads the American Meteor Society. This organization catalogues and maintains a record of meteor observations throughout the United States. His address is:

521 North Wynnewood Avenue
Narberth, Pennsylvania 19072

Sincerely,

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on letterhead.

24 November 1964

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

The Air Force appreciates your reported meteor sightings and the observations of this type. We also desire to obtain information on other types of aerial phenomena. We appreciate receiving continued reports of this type of observation. Maintaining a description of observations provides valuable intelligence.

Doctor Charles F. Olivier of the University of Pennsylvania reports as Head of the American Meteor Society that this organization collects and maintains information on observations through the United States.

521 North Wynnewood Avenue
Narberth, Pennsylvania, 19072

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Editorial Branch
Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Description of Reentered Space Vehicles

Mr. [REDACTED]
Bravo[sburg], Pennsylvania

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is an official file copy of a document related to UFO sightings.

Transcribed text from the document:

ITEM
MATTER sightings (6 Nov 64)  16 NOV 64

HQ USAF SAFOI FB  
WASH D C  20330
REFERENCE the attached letter requesting information on unidentified flying objects.  The attached letter is forwarded for a suggested reply.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Inspections

1. Attach
2. Suggested Reply
and Atch

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an official document from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
ITEM: Motor Sightings (6 Nov 64)
16 Nov 64 
HQ USAF SAFOI FE
WASH D.C. 20330
REFERENCE: The attached letter from requesting information on unidentified flying objects. The attached letter is a suggested reply.
FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC F. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Procurement

- page 7 -

The image contains a typed letter but does not appear to have any photographs included. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

UFO Research.
November 6, 1964.
(Please forward)

Dear Sir, I am a Yellow Cab Driver in Pittsburgh,Pa. While working the shift from 6P in the evening until 4 morning:. I was able to observe falling stars ( as I thought they were). Upon approaching the airport I noticed that the passengers are arriving to be boarded and have noticed that strange light i was observing in the evening. Last evening i saw three that seemed to come together and lighted up the area or appeared to be landing at the airport. Mr.Washington,overlooking the Monongahela River and the downtown area,was standing on the steps,under the light when he called me to look. We both observed the light beams coming from the sky above my head,I was looking at an angle of 45 degrees so low the light beams were entering the air above me and bursting up like a searchlight a thousand feet above the ground. 
I have sighted at least twenty or these falling star like objects,and judging from the fact that these were not Y 1964,but rather 1963,for they were not stars,they seemed to land,about february 1964 at the airport.
Hoping you have some idea.This may add something to.

Sincerely,

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or report on "Meteor Observations" from an organization in Pennsylvania.

Meteor Observations
Dear Mrs. Fleming,

The Air Force appreciates your reported meteor sightings. We are indeed interested in the conservation of this type of observation as these phenomena are also observable characteristics are very similar to meteor observations. We would appreciate receiving continued reports of this type of observation. We are enclosing a description of reentered space vehicles.

Dean Pesses, Charles f Olivier of the University of Pennsylvania, this organization conducts extensive meteoric observations throughout the United States. His address is:
521 North Wynnewood Avenue,
Narberth, Pennsylvania 19072

Sincerely,

- page 9 -

