The image provided appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card. There is no photograph present in this image. 

The text from the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7-8-64
2. LOCATION: Waldorf, Maryland
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
   Ground-Visual
   Air-Visual
5. SOURCE: 
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 min.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Observed white object traveling from E to W. Disappeared from view. No further details.
11. COMMENTS: Usual report of some unidentified object, but insufficient data for evaluation. No other witnesses reported.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information form, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object(s) you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used for analysis purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions or publication of the report. This personal information is optional and is needed only if you desire further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 2:40 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Waldorf
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By eyeball estimation
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day: Clear b. Night: a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. To your left
FTD FORM 3F1 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 57, which 13 obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form or questionnaire with various questions about the observed object and weather conditions.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Moon not visible, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Think or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edge of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Drift up into the atmosphere or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It seemed to just fade away as it disappeared, there were no signs of any trail left behind.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):   Yes    No    Don't know.    If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes    No    Don't know.    If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None Whatsoever
b. Color White and seemed to be glowing

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, what would the result have been?
I did not do the match stick experiment, but the object seemed to be quite small and round, maybe 2-3 inches in diameter.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please try to show the direction the object was moving.
[The hand-drawn sketch shows a roughly circular or elliptical shape representing the UFO, along with some lines and shapes that appear to depict movement or trails.]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answer fields.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes. The estimated speed was fairly fast.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes. The distance was farther away.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) c. Outdoors

23. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle all that apply) a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass

25. In order that you can give a clear and vivid description of what you say, describe in your own words the object or objects which when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a sketch or diagram and instructions for the observer to fill out.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form.

Transcript of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please give their names and addresses:
The object I saw was like a small sphere or ball, about the size of a golf ball. There was no other person with me when I saw it, so there are no other names or addresses. The object appeared to be floating or hovering in the air, about 30 feet from where I was standing. It was visible for about 5 to 10 seconds before it moved off rapidly and disappeared from sight. This occurred at approximately 8:30 PM on March 4, 1964 near Waldorf, Maryland.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] 
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 12 SEX: male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent:
I spotted the very alert with a small telescope

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
As soon as I got home, I told my Mother about what I had seen.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2-3 July 1964
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

