There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a Project Blue Book record card filled out with textual information.

Transcribed text from the document:

1. DATE: 9 Feb 64
2. LOCATION: Rivesville, West Virginia
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 19/0122Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. DURATION: 3 minutes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
7. COURSE: Erratic movement
8. COMMENTS: Much conflicting information. Will supply additional details on possibilities or a more complete analysis. Case appears insufficient for evaluation.

- page 1 -

There is a hand-drawn sketch in the image that appears to depict the shape and movement of a UFO object. The sketch shows a circular object with some trails or vapor trails moving in a particular direction, as indicated by the arrow drawn beside it.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Le + a of x en x ¢ cg a hl c t
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
b. Color gle geang eels ch etre tr glg Cre ee
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
le a ay, cr cee <¢ - that we eet 2¢
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 2 -

This page does not appear to contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or report form with various questions related to a UFO sighting. The questions cover topics such as the witness's estimate of the speed and distance of the object, the location of the sighting, and various observations made by the witness.

Transcription of the text on the page:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ___________
e. At sea
f. Other _____________________

23. Were you
(Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following question:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No
e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Ginadline    Yes    No
h. Other _____________________

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, illustrate the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as you observed.

- page 3 -

The image contains a diagram with several sketches and instructions related to UFO sightings. There is a compass-like diagram and an illustration of an unidentified object moving along a path. The instructions ask the viewer to imagine the position of an object in the sky and to draw a picture that shows the motion of the object or objects. There is also a question about whether there was more than one object and instructions to draw a picture showing their arrangement and direction of travel.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you saw an object above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object had risen when you last saw it. Show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the opposite side show how high the object had risen when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or survey form with various questions and fields for the respondent to fill out.

As an OCR system, the text extracted from the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No  
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day 1 / 10 Month 1 / 64 Year

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, which appears to be a questionnaire or report form.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ___ Day ___ Month ___ Year
33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ___ Day ___ Month ___ Year
33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
      There are some details I felt weren't covered in the questionnaire, such as the duration of the sighting, the object's altitude and distance, and any sounds associated with it. I wanted to provide a more complete description of what I observed.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Rivesville, West Virginia, 9 Feb 64)

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs Gaiser)
WASH 25 D C

1. Reference the attached report from Jennings Frederick, Jr. regarding a sighting of an unidentified object on 9 Feb 64.

2. This report was given to Major George Milla, Ir. LIAISON OFFICER and meteorologist for evaluation. His report is attached for your convenience in answering Master _____'s queries.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

CHARLES G. SEAGER, Lt Col, USAF  
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

2 ALOCS
1. Report  
2. Evaluation

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Foreign Technology Division, discussing the evaluation of unidentified aerial phenomena observed in Rivesville, West Virginia on 30 March 1964.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO
REPLY TO: TDFCG/Maj or George Hills/37223/jh
SUBJECT: Evaluation of Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

PROJECT: TWEB (Case - Quintanilla)

On 30 March 1964, personnel from the project were sent to Rivesville, West Virginia to evaluate a sighting of unidentified aerial phenomena, with respect to meteorological phenomena. A sighting of various lights and visual phenomena was reported between 2000 and 2300 hours on that date.

1. There were no unusual meteorological phenomena observed or reported for that area. However, the possibility of a sighting of meteorological phenomena was considered. The conditions at that time were considered normal.

2. The measurements taken at 00002 were subjected to winds from the southwest. A vector analysis which accounts for the balloon's motion between 30 and 39 knots. A vector analysis which accounts for the balloon's motion between 30 and 39 knots.

As a result, while the actual direction as indicated on the balloon was northerly, it is apparent that the actual drift was to the southwest. This hypothesis can be supported by considering the winds in adjacent areas.

3. The lights themselves are estimated to be 1000 feet per minute which by the time of the sighting would place the balloons where most of these most of these observations terminate this hypothesis can be supported by the fact that the balloon developed a direct and substantial shrinkage as it began to lose altitude. It is also noted that this shrinkage was quite rapid and would quickly remove it from the sky. If this was the case on the evening of the sighting, the radiosonde would be quite visible as the balloon began to lose pressure and rapidly descend.

Additionally, there is some other support for this hypothesis. The unidentified wind reports below 30,000 feet showed the variations in direction and distribution that are consistent with differential wind shears that would displace the balloon significantly from its initial northerly course. This combination of factors would not make this hypothesis conclusive.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter dated April 6, 1964 from MASTON M. JACKS of the Public Information Division, Office of Information, addressed to Mr. River-ville, West Virginia.

The text in the document is as follows:

April 6, 1964

Dear Sir,

Reference is made to a sighting you made on February 9, 1964, which you reported to the Air Force.

The Air Force has assigned this sighting to a meteorological investigation, and we are attaching a copy of his evaluation. 

We hope that this explanation will be of interest to you for reporting this sighting to the Air Force. 

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. River-ville, West Virginia

- page 9 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribed text:

Dear Sir,
A bit of information may be in order on the sighting mentioned in my telephone conversation with you on 7 Feb 64.
As you have probably heard, on 7 Feb 64, shortly after 9:00 pm, a witness reported seeing a bright light in the sky. The observer, Miss J. Z., was driving along U.S. Route 19, about 5 miles south of Rivesville, West Virginia, when she noticed the object.
She stated that the object appeared suddenly, seemingly just popping into view, and was much brighter than any star or planet. It was an intense white light, round or oval in shape, and remained stationary in the sky for several minutes. Then it began to move slowly and erratically, and its brightness seemed to fluctuate. After a few minutes, it disappeared rapidly. She estimated it was about 30-40 degrees above the horizon. No sound was heard.
The witness is a reliable person, and her description of the object and its behavior appears to be credible. There were no clouds in the sky at the time, and no other witnesses have been located.
I would appreciate any information or analysis you can provide on this sighting. Please let me know if you need any additional details.
Sincerely,
J. Plum

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a written document with handwritten text and a redacted/blacked-out section.

The text in the document reads:

The undersigned a bit of
a conversation at about 11
p.m. on the night of January
10, 1964, relative to observa-
tions which he and others in
the Rivesville, West Virginia
area had of an unidentified 
flying object. Mary Eight

- page 11 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

Dear Sir,
In respect to the recent incident that was reported in the media at Rivesville, West Virginia, I have some additional information that I would like to bring to your attention.

I have talked with the witness, a Mr. [REDACTED], and he has provided me with a more detailed account of what he observed. According to Mr. [REDACTED], the object that he saw was approximately 30 to 40 feet in diameter and was hovering at an estimated altitude of around 200 feet. He states that the object was a metallic gray in color and had a dome-like structure on the top. He also noted that the object made no sound as it hovered and maneuvered in the sky.

Mr. [REDACTED] is a reliable witness with a good reputation in the community. He has no history of making false reports or being prone to exaggeration. I believe his account to be an accurate representation of what he witnessed that evening.

I hope this additional information is helpful in your investigation of this incident. Please let me know if you require any further details from me.

Sincerely,
[REDACTED]

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcription of the text in the image:

FEB 24 1964
RIVESVILLE
West Virginia
2-26-64

This report is about any incident concerning any type of unidentified flying object that occurred in my area. I am a retired teacher and have been interested in this subject for some time. I would appreciate any information or suggestions that you may have on this matter. I have seen several unexplained lights in the sky on several occasions. I would like very much to hear from you concerning this report.

Thank you,
[Redacted]
RIVESVILLE
West Virginia
2-26-64

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to show a handwritten letter or document from the Department of Defense Office of Public Information in Washington, D.C.

Department of Defense
Office of Public Information
Washington 25, D.C.

The handwritten text discusses a sighting report and a need for help in locating additional information. The letter is dated March 20, 1964.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Transcribing the text in the document:

March 12, 1964

Dear [REDACTED],

This is in reply to your letter of February 23, 1964, in which you requested certain details on several UFO sightings along an unusual object in the sky over Rivesville.

Enclosed is an air force technical information release that was developed by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. This release discusses in detail the sighting data on this particular incident and provides a possible explanation for the phenomenon.

Unidentified flying objects have been reported in the Rivesville area on several occasions, but unfortunately, most of these sightings lack sufficient detail to permit conclusive identification. While a number of these remain unexplained, there is a logical explanation for all aerial sightings in this area.

Weather and atmospheric conditions are responsible for a great many UFO reports. Refractions of light can sometimes give an unusual appearance to distant objects. Pilots, for example, have reported an unusual appearance of a bright light on the ground sometimes due to reflections from ice or snow under certain atmospheric conditions. These refractions can occur occasionally at high altitudes and produce exceptionally high altitude on very clear nights have misled observers into thinking they have seen something unusual, whereas the lights in and around the aircraft were in fact a normal and natural phenomenon.

Last, but not least, the rarity with which satellites are spotted, and the fact that they are often misidentified for unusual objects only adds to the confusion. But this psychological tendency to over-interpret rare sightings of recognizable phenomena is still the most logical explanation for many reports, especially by citizens who are not familiar with the characteristics of unusual aerial objects. 

For these reasons, there is a logical explanation for the UFO sightings in this area, and they do not represent evidence of a real and continuing threat or danger from outer space.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

Enclosed is the image which lists the Air Force Fact sheet on the sighting. The fact sheet is a bibliography of books on the sighting which may be of interest to you.

Thank you for reporting this sighting to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
MASTON M. JACKS
MAJOR, USAF
PUBLIC INFORMATION DIVISION
OFFICE OF INFORMATION

Rivesville, West Virginia 26393

- page 16 -

This page does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a handwritten text document.

Transcription of the text:

Dear Sir,
I wanted to tell you about the object I saw the other night. It was around 9:30 p.m. on February 22, 1964. I was driving home from work and as I approached the Rivesville, West Virginia area, I noticed a bright light in the sky. At first I thought it was a star, but as I got closer, I could see it was much larger and brighter than any star.

The object was hovering very still in the air and it appeared to be circular in shape. I would estimate it to be about 200 to 300 feet in diameter. The light it was emitting was a brilliant white, almost like a welding torch. I did not see any wings, tail or any other appendages. As I continued to observe it, the object suddenly accelerated at an incredible speed and disappeared from sight within a few seconds.

I was very shaken by what I had just witnessed and I immediately reported it to the local authorities. I hope this information is of some use to your investigation. Please let me know if you need any additional details.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified flying object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for statistical purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 9:15 P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) EASTERN
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Rivesville, West Virgina
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY: Cloudy 
   NIGHT: Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One) a. Overhead b. Front of you c. Behind you d. To your right e. To your left

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Hazy b. Bright c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Overcast - pitch dark c. No moonlight d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. As a light e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change course? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 19 -

