The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

November 1954  03302
Civilian
One
2 to 3 Minutes
Ground-Visual
Easterly
None

SATELLITES
Object observed on seven occasions that was moving across the sky faster than the North Star's apparent motion and disappeared. This was regarded as various satellite observations. SATELLITES, Observation of satellites moving into earth's shadow creating the sudden disappearance is a logical explanation due to the absence of further observation. No further investigation warranted.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
Yes, 2 or 3 different times

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS: Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
AGE: 39 SEX male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
When: May
To: The letter to Washington

- page 2 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The page consists primarily of a large blank area for providing additional information about a reported sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 11 Day 4 Month 1965 Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with text on it.

SAFOL VFO
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON D.C. 20330
OFFICIAL FILE CENTER

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

"A4
There is something that took place that evening in this town that was unusual and may have been a sign of something more serious. The object seen was low flying and showed a bright red glow. The object was over a cornfield and could not be identified. No sound was heard and the object did not display any flashing lights or other normal aircraft markings. The object remained in view for several minutes and then disappeared straight up at a high rate of speed. It is difficult to explain what this object was and it should be investigated further."

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Several oval shaped discs appeared suddenly and hovered approximately 10 seconds and disappeared in the night sky. I next observed the objects again 3 minutes later. They suddenly appeared and hovered for approximately 1 minute and disappeared.

George Hancock
17 Maple St.
Niagara Falls, NY
12-6-64

Defense Department
Washington, D.C.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, specifically a letter dated 8 January 1965 from MASTON M. JACKS, Major, USAF, Public Information Division, Office of Information, addressed to "Messrs. _____" in Hancock, New York, 13793. The letter references a recent letter from the recipient and indicates that a copy of "AFD Form 164" is attached to the letter, which is being returned as completely as possible. The letter is signed by MASTON M. JACKS.

Dear Messrs. _____ and ______:

Reference is made to your recent letter in which you indicate that you have observed several objects which you consider unidentified.

Attached is a copy of AFD Form 164 which is used for reporting such sightings. This form should be filled out as completely as possible and returned to this office for evaluation.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS 
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
AFD Form 164

Messrs. _____
Hancock, New York, 13793

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a questionnaire that was used to gather information about an unidentified aerial phenomenon observation.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information given will be used only for official purposes and will not be released to any unauthorized person, agencies, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? NOV 19 64
2. Time of day: 10 : 30 minutes.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other DAYLIGHT SAVING STANDARD
4. Where were you when you saw the object? HANCOCK, N.Y. DELAWARE COUNTY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 TO 30 SECONDS
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT HAZY CLEAR
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Overcast e. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Windy e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compared brightness to some common object: BRIGHT FLASHING LIGHT THAT NOT STAY 

12. The shape of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Change in brightness or color at any time? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know
e. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
f. Break into parts or pieces? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know
h. Disappear suddenly? YES NO Don't know

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

Based on the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) of the text on the page, the output is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES - IT APPEARED TO BE MOVING BEHIND SOMETHING, AND THERE SEEMED TO BE A WHITE PULSING OR FLASHING LIGHT AROUND OR UPON THE OBJECT. IT THEN DISAPPEARED COMPLETELY IN A MOMENT.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, possibly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): (Yes) No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: BRIGHT WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as color, number, and specific shape. Indicate by an arrow which way the object was moving.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No) 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside (open)
d. On an airplane (type) 
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near or on a lake?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes (No)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) 
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Like a star, small & steady would appear.

- page 11 -

The image contains a diagram with a compass-like star symbol and instructions for sketching the observed motion of an unidentified object. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the subject or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

