The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

TYPE U/UFO
UFO Sighting, 27 Nov 55
Hq USAF SAFOIN (Mrs Hunt)
Reference the attached Letter from REQESTING
station on his unidentified observation. The following is a 
reply:
Dear Mrs Hunt,
It is not unusual for meteors to appear with a green coloration, however, it is unusual for them to appear to land so close to the observer as you described. In this case it would appear when in reality the same meteor was observed more than 300 miles away.
We have taken the liberty of forwarding your report to the American Meteor Society for possible correlation with other sightings which may have occurred in the New England area.
FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC R. GERCKENS, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems
ORIGINATOR MAJ M QUINTANILLA, JR
TYPE W. H PARKER
DATED 28 DEC 1965

- page 1 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten report or letter from the Project Blue Book UFO documentation.

Text transcription:

Gentlemen:

I had what was without doubt the most strange sighting I have ever witnessed. That night, around 8:15 my only son and I were driving home from work when a strange light, bright green, mixed white, appeared suddenly. The object moved rapidly and fell into an area near us. Fearing what the could be, we immediately stopped the car and took a closer look. Since I have seen and experienced other such incidents I try never to falsely report what I do not know for sure, but there was no mistaking what we saw.

The object remained with us for several minutes and during this time my son and I observed it closely. It had a definite shape, appeared to be oval-shaped, and seemed to be composed of some kind of metallic material. As it rested on the ground, it gave off a intense glow, approximately 20 feet in diameter, and about 10 feet in height. The awesome sight put both of us into a state of shock and we simply sat there unable to move, staring at the phenomenon.

After several minutes, the object began to rise slowly from the ground. As it gained altitude it decreased in size. Finally, after reaching an altitude of about 500 feet, it accelerated at a fantastic speed and disappeared from sight.

If there is any interest from your department for a further report, please advise.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 2 -

