The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1 September 65 02/0532
2. LOCATION: Bakersfield, California
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Three (3 Lights)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Few Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Probably A/C
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Three lights, one in front, trailing alone with another two, A/C had red green lights, this triangle of lights was yellowish orange. They were not bright. Appeared as though they were shining through haze.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ITEM
UFO Sightings, Bakersfield, California

Maj. USAF SAFOICO (Mrs Hunt)
Watts D.C. 56339

Reference the attached letter from this office requesting information regarding observations. The first observation of August 1965 is very similar to an observation of 10 September 1950. The color of the lights, slow speed, and size appear to be the same type of observation. The noise is caused by a generator used in operating the equipment. The second sighting of 1 September was caused by test aircraft at high altitude as this office suggests.

FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technicol Intelligence and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR: Maj H. C. MARINELLI, Jr. DATED: 3-5-65

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a written report or document about a UFO sighting.

U.S. Department of the Air Force
Washingtom, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I have been rather hesitant about writing this letter feeling that you know what I am going to tell you anyway. I am feeling that you don't know them and you should.

I was awakened about 3:30 AM last night (or morning) which I would say was caused by a propeller driven aircraft flying over at about 1000 feet. There was no sound, just bright amber lights which would cross over the sky in an irregular fashion, faster than 150 mph and any higher than 500 feet. The sky was perfectly clear and I would guess if it wasn't quite a distance away it would have been a very small object as an observer. After a period of perhaps 10 to 15 minutes of this activity the lights suddenly extinguished. My attention was then drawn to the north by a series of orange-yellow lights pointing toward the ground and arranged in this fashion - - - the middle light being the brightest and seeming to pulsate in a fairly rapid manner. There were at least 4 or 5 of these lights and they seemed to descend down toward the surface of the earth or either go behind something on the horizon. I looked but I am sorry I didn't.

On the evening of the 9th at about 9:30 PM I was outside on the back porch and watching the sky for anything that seemed a bit unusual. Sure enough, I noticed the sky over the horizon had a very strange glow and lighted area which appeared to be about 30-40 miles away. I noticed the glow was about 15-20 degrees above the horizon and seemed to be pulsating, changing colors and size. After observing this for about 15 minutes, I became alarmed - the lights seemed to be increasing in intensity and flashing and changing colors which I have never observed in any normal aircraft or satellite, although the sky was perfectly clear. The lights were about the size of a half dollar when held at arm's length and were orange, green and red in color. The glow seemed to be at an altitude of about 1500-2000 feet and was the size of a dinner plate. I did not observe any trails or sound. The lights seemed to be slowly moving and pulsating. After about 15 minutes the lights suddenly extinguished and a very small light appeared and seemed to dart up and down and to the right and left at incredible speed and probably the same distance. Needless to say, I was quite amazed and watched this for about 10 minutes. The red and green lights went off to the - and I lost sight of them.

I am convinced I have observed something that is not Conventional and I would appreciate any information you could give me as to what this might be. Edwards is just too far to the SE from here, 50 miles or so by air, I guess, and my opinion is that these are not conventional aircraft or satellites hovering or flying over this area. I have never see anything like this before.

Very truly yours,

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed letter from Maston M. Jacks of the Public Information Division of the Office of Information, responding to a letter dated December 3, 1963 regarding unidentified flying objects.

The text of the letter is as follows:

December 23, 1963

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

This is in reply to your letter of December 3, 1963, which you submitted information relating to a sighting of unidentified objects.

The theories you express are based on assumptions which have not been supported by evidence. To date there has been no "evidence" to support the contention that UFOs are from outer space which would substantiate the existence of flying saucers. The existence of intelligent life on other planets is a matter of conjecture. There has been no discovery of any such life.

With respect to your comment on your son's transfer to a base to California, we have been informed that a request submitted for a reassignment has been disapproved. The policy is to remain consistent with our established commands and not to make unauthorized transfers of personnel officers and hence no action will be taken in this case.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Chief, Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, dated December 17, 1962.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
4602 MILITARY PERSONNEL CENTER 
RANDOLPH AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS 78148

17 DEC 1962

SUBJECT: AERO REPORT S. HAIVERSTON AP 19-659259

1. The following information is furnished on which to base a reply to the request concerning investigation of this case.

2. The case assignment must be initiated by the individual himself, and submitted through his immediate commander. This policy has been explained to the individual concerned.

3. On the basis of the information available, the field commander has been requested to counsel the individual involved in the investigation of the case.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a typed letter or document from the Foreign Technology Division of the Air Force Systems Command. 

As an OCR system, I will output the following text found in the document:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

Hq USAF SAF-OISB (Mrs Geiser)
Wash 25 D C

1. Reference the attached letter dated 3 Dec 63, requesting information on unidentified flying objects. Our records indicate no previous correspondence from him.

2. The following information is provided to assist in a reply:

The theories expressed by Mr. Hynek are based on the assumption that if there is intelligent life elsewhere in the Universe, that UFO's (Flying Saucers) are from outer space. All evidence received to date, indicates that the same natural phenomena or misinterpretation of
some visual phenomenon are the most probable explanations.

a. The Air Force does not deny the existence of intelligent life elsewhere in the universe. However, it has not been able to confirm or discover by the Air Force to prove this contention. The theories of some individuals between sincerely believe in "flying saucers" are based on faith. The Air Force, of course, bases its assumption on factual evidence and not hearsay or belief.

b. No physical evidence has been found that would indicate the existence of space vehicles visiting the earth. The Air Force, therefore, cannot accept the appearance of "flying saucers" as being other than some natural phenomenon or misinterpretation of familiar objects unless physical evidence is provided which would prove the existence of extraterrestrial intelligent beings visiting the earth.

FOR THE COMMANDER

I Atch
Ltr 3 Dec 63

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the output of the text found in the document:

December 10, 1965

Dear Mr. ______________,

This is in reply to your letter of December 3, 1965. This office has been investigating reports of electromagnetic and Unidentified Flying Objects.

The Technology Division has completed an evaluation of your theory. Upon consideration of their evaluation, we will advise you further.

We are also asking the Director of Military Intelligence to make a thorough investigation of the status of your report, and will notify you of their reply as soon as it is received.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum from the Department of the Air Force in Washington, dated December 10, 1963. The text of the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

December 10, 1963

MEMORANDUM FOR DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF, PERSONNEL 
ATTENTION: DIRECTOR OF MILITARY PERSONNEL
SUBJECT: Airman Second Class John C. Haberman, AF 16659959

Attached is a copy of a letter from Major Carl Westfall, USAF, Commanding Officer, 3982nd Strategic Reconnaissance Squadron, requesting that the above-named airman be assigned to liaison duties with the Public Information Office, Directorate of Information, USAF. 

It is requested that this office be furnished information as to whether such an assignment can be made or what other action can be taken in this matter.

HAROLD J. BAILEY
Major, USAF
Chief, Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a typed document with blacked out text. I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the visible text in the document.

There are no "Berets" in the army. The sighting of this object was reported to have taken place on September 9th and the report was filed on the same day. The object was described as being metallic in appearance and had a "bright" light. The witness stated that the object was moving erratically and at high speed. The report indicates that the object was observed for several minutes before disappearing.

- page 9 -

