The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains a questionnaire or form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2,000 - 3,000 ft/hr

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/4 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? YES No (Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

Transcription of text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2,000 - 3,000 ft/hr

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/4 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city 
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? YES NO (Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

- page 1 -

The image contains a compass-like illustration in the bottom right portion of the page. The compass shows the cardinal directions (North, South, East, West) and has a sun-like symbol in the center.

In the top portion of the page, there is a sketch-like diagram with various angled lines and measurements labeled, such as "60°", "45°", and "13° A B". This appears to be illustrating a scenario related to observing an object in the sky.

The text in the document appears to be instructions or questions related to observing and describing unidentified flying objects (UFOs) or other aerial phenomena.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curve to show high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the arc to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

JUST ONE

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form with text fields to be filled out. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output all the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 7-26, former sightings

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Street, , City Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 13 SEX male
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? r
Day Month Year
Assistant's notes: The text fields in the form have been redacted to protect personal information.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 June 1965
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this narrative explanation of your sighting:
The handwritten text on the page describes the witness's sighting and provides additional details not covered in the specific points of the questionnaire. The text is somewhat lengthy and provides a narrative account of the witness's observations.

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Text from the document:

Dear May I wanted to let you know that I called at the police station in regards to a U.F.O. siting I made for approximately 10 minutes on the night of November 8. I explained to the officer in charge that this siting was quite unusual and I wanted to report it, as I felt it may be of some value to your office. The object had a strange manner of movement and had appeared to me near Parwood and Norton. I have not yet heard from anyone so I wanted to follow up on this with you. Please let me know if you have any questions or need any further details from me. It would be appreciated if you could investigate this matter further. Thank you for your time.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document page that does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

"object sighted - an object of some land. Lighted on the land round object.

Sketch:
[A sketch of a horizontal oblong shape is provided]

Down in transted in dimension a wonder of some strange of curioslity - what this thing.

About a wind light of brilliant - 1 G.C.G. my watch indi2nes in a lees of a turn at the lights went out (hither?) 

IDINER: Blring 1, 11/6/64. Fermones - Hunt Van Ful - This person had some to say all the adints dance, but I involved more details of my attention all up

"

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text that appears to be part of a UFO report or investigation.

My OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

"My mother spotted the dome one night early in the evening. Time approx 10:30 p.m. Please send me a letter on your official conclusion. I am well for the information I seem to lack."

Signed, 
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document.

R.c.H. Earner, 2.
May 4, Quintanilla
Head of Project Blue Book
to perform department of defense
Washington, D.C.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force.

The text in the document is as follows:

PID (USAF)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
9 January 1966

Berwin, Pennsylvania

Dear Sir,

Reference your unidentified observation of November - The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Please submit any additional information you may have in completed USAF Form 164 and return to this office.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF  
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any conclusions or publications without your permission. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further information.

1. When did you see the object? 6 March 1965
2. Time of day: 8:30 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Redacted Nearest Postal Address
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours 15 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 5. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: b. Bright c. Cloudy
b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. Overhead d. To your left e. To your right f. Don't remember

- page 10 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

OCR text output:

a. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: The object appeared to be the size of a flashlight.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a handwritten form with text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The not studied, not disappear.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes (Circle One). IF you answered YES, if moved behind: Don't Know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes (Circle One). IF you answered YES, in front of: Don't Know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound The around jet all. b. Color At whites the back, with some gray.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this experiment sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Approximately of a matchstick.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your a. of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially without trails or Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 12 -

