There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

1. DATE / TIME GROUP 3 February 65 Night
2. LOCATION Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS Multiple
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Visual
7. COURSE Stationary
8. PHOTOS None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE None
10. CONCLUSION APPEARS TO BE DATA FOR FURTHER CONFIRMATION (CONFLICTING DATA)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: There was one red light on the middle of the object. The object remained stationary for 5 minutes. It was about 500-600 FT long. An object was apparent.

- page 1 -

The image contains a sketch, but no photograph. The sketch shows a compass rose and provides instructions for the observer to draw a picture of the motion and direction of one or more objects observed.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

No photograph or similar object is mentioned in the response provided.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

No names or addresses are provided in the response.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name   First Name  Middle Name
ADDRESS Street   City   State   Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE   SEX  MALE
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

The name, address, and other personal information have been redacted, but the response includes additional details about the witness's experience that "might be pertinent".

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 2/5/1965 Reported to G_______ P___

The date and recipient of the report are provided.

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the file "1965-02-8723578-Philadelphia-Pennsylvania.pdf4.txt".

Now, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 March 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

Dear Sir: 

Reference is made to your unidentified flying objects report of 3 February 1965.

The analysis of the object which you provided was not adequate for any evaluation. Therefore, additional information is needed to properly evaluate the report.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
1st Lt USAF
Chief, Technical Information Division
Office of Information Services

1 Atch
AF Form 164

Philadelphia 89, Pennsylvania

- page 5 -

The provided image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE. OHIO
REPLY TO
TDEW
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 3 Feb 65

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI-PB (Mrs Hunt)
WASH D C 20330

This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from Philadelphia, Penngyluania. The observer observed an object on 3 Feb 65; however, his description was not sufficient for an analysis/evaluation as required by pGR from ACIC to be forwarded this with.

FOR THE COMMANDER

COLONEL USAF
Deputy Commander
Foreign Technology Division

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, with text describing an unidentified object observed on February 5, 1965 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Project Blue Book
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D. C. 

Gentlemen:

On the night of Wednesday, February 5, 1965, at about 9:00 block of Bustleton Avenue, I had never seen before. 
It was a formation of white lights except for one red light on the last in the line.

It's size was a middle 500-600 feet wide and at least 500-600 feet long. This would make it about 200 feet in winding row.

I do not think this is a planet or any kind or a mirage.

Could you please send me any information about this and a list for any possible reports from 1945-1964. This would aid me in a report.

Thank you very much.

Very truly yours,
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The image shows a diagram or illustration with the text "This is the formation I saw" written above it. The diagram consists of a series of circular shapes arranged in a grid-like pattern.

This is the formation I saw

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual element. It is a form titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" that appears to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 3-19-65
2. Time of day: 5:30
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Philadelphia Pennsylvania
5. How long were the object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes
5.1 How was it light determined?  a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess Big surprise
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Don't remember

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 3-19-65 
2. Time of day: 5:30
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Philadelphia Pennsylvania
5. How long were the object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes
5.1 How was it light determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess Big surprise
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Don't remember

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. 1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't remember
a. 2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds 
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Calm
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Fuzzy or apparent
c. Vapory

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare it to other, common objects.

12. The edge of the object were: (Circle One) 
a. Clearly defined
b. Fuzzy or blurred 
c. Sharpley outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Give off smoke?
d. Change brightness?
e. Flare up or disappear?
f. Glow or flicker?
g. Disapper and reappear?

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. The page appears to be filled out with handwritten responses to various questions related to the observation of an unidentified object.

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No, it didn't.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know If you answered YES, then tell what 
it moved behind: A cloud or more than one cloud. It disappeared behind the cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know If you answered YES, then tell what 
it moved in front of: It seemed to emerge from a corner of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound no sound at all
b. Color all the colors mixed yellowish white haze

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and mark, how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
One match length would have just about covered the object.

19. Do we have a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails, place an outline to show the direction the object was moving.
The object was a spherical shape, about the size of a basketball, pale yellowish white in color. It seemed to emerge from a cloud, hover, and then disappear back into the cloud. No exhaust trails or other detailed features were observed.

- page 11 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes, No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes, No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In a rural area?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes, No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Binoculars Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Telescope Yes No, f. Theodolite Yes No, g. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A group of headlights of a swiftly moving automobile in the distance give the same general appearance as the object I saw. The object maintained a constant formation as well as constant illumination and was traveling at moderate velocity compared to its size.

- page 12 -

