There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a report form for a UFO sighting that occurred on April 15, 1965 in Durand, Illinois.

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 April 65 16/0135Z
2. LOCATION: Durand, Illinois, Winnebago, Illinois
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 - 8 SECONDS
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Northerly
8. PHOTOS: ~~No~~
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ~~No~~
10. CONCLUSION: Astronomical (VPTR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Case used in "RFD Documentary". One of witnesses included drawing, 3.25 x 4.25.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a letter written by a witness describing an observation of a UFO.

Major Quintanilla
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

I would like to call to your attention an interesting object I observed flying fairly low in the sky (at perhaps 1000 feet) within 1/4 to 1/2 of a mile from me on the night of April 21, 1965. ...

The text then goes on to describe the witness's observation of the UFO in detail, including its appearance, behavior, and effects on the witness's vehicle. The letter ends with the witness expressing a willingness to cooperate with the investigation of this matter.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it is a scanned document with a handwritten address at the bottom.

Major Quintanilla
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

- page 3 -

The image contains a handwritten document that appears to be a report on a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this image.

NICCAP
1536 Connecticut Ave. N.W. 
Washington 6, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

I'm reporting an UFO that I saw April 15, 1965, at 7:35 pm on a farm southeast of Durand, Ill. I thought at first that I was seeing a meteor because the object appeared to be dropping straight down and was flashing at a dizzy speed (like speed could have been 100 feet per second). As it cleared some trees I saw that it was fluttering very low, a couple of hundred feet perhaps. As it cleared some trees I saw jets or flares coming from behind, or it may be emitting flashes which were reflecting on the trees. The best way to describe it would be with a sketch which I am enclosing. I'm not at all sure of the details, but it seems that there were faint blue-green lights in two circular areas (like spot could have been 15 inches in diameter) which I think gave the white outline to the fire part.

It soon went out of sight for about the count of 5 or 6 seconds that it vanished as it went back into a wooded area. I'm not a person given to "seeing things" nor having visions, but I'll have to admit that I found myself not believing my eyes on that one.

A now confirmed believer in Martians.

- page 4 -

The image appears to show a grainy, black-and-white photograph of an unidentified flying object or object in the sky. The object is blurred and indistinct, making it difficult to discern any clear details. There is no text visible in the provided image.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that describes a meteor observation report.

M/SL SPOKE WITH DR. "AMERICAN METEOR SOCIETY, 
IN NARBERTH, PA REGARDING ANY METEOR OBSERVATIONS HE HAD ON RECORD FOR 15 APR, 01.302. 
HE SAID HE HAD A VERY POOR OBSERVATION REPORT FROM
, DURAND, ILLINOIS. HE SAID THAT IT WAS A MIGHTY POOR OBSERVATION. IT 
HAD BEEN SENT TO "AND IN TURN RECEIVED BY LETTERS SAID
IT WAS A REPORT OF A UFO THAT I SAW 15 APRIL AS 15.35P OF DURAND, ILLINOIS. THOUGH IT 
IT WAS A METEOR THEY THOUGHT IT WAS A JET . . . FLYING VERY SLOW . . . AS IT 
CLEARED SOME TREES SAW JETS OF FLAME IN THE EASTERN SKY . . . DARK AREA IN FRONT
OF FIRE. I SAID FOR ABOUT 3-5 SECONDS' OBJECT HAD FADED AS IT WENT BACK OF 
A WOODED AREA. Observation of meteor was low in the Eastern Sky. Dr. said this 
was a meteor observation from all information contained in her letter.
Her letter also contained a sketch of the meteor. He said it wasn't a good
sketch but shown when people who are not familiar with this type of observation
do not make very good reports and sketches. said that he would send
this report to us for reproduction and then we could return it to him, there was 
no hurry in returning it though, he said usually he does not received
reports for several months after an observation was made. said the letter from 
Mrs. English was not dated, he said the date of the letter is helpful a lot of
times and just doesn't understand why some people don't date their letters.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a report from Project Blue Book, that contains text.

P. 6 (Case) 
C/S-PETERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
19 June 1965

Dear

We have our report for our observation of the night of 15 Apr 65. We observed 2 or 3 objects in the sky towards the south west horizon. They were very bright and looked like they were oscillating from side to side. At times we could not see them but after a short while they reappeared. We would like to receive them and would ask you for that night's observations.

Sincerely, 

MAJOR GILLESPANIA, JR
Chief, Aerial Phenomena
USAF

1 Atch:
15 April 65, Durand, Ill

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a document from the University of Pennsylvania with text describing an observation made at the Flower and Cook Observatory on April 15, 1965. The text discusses the observation of a phenomenon starting "pointing 22 west of north and much less certainly may at IPS (another interpretation would give it 25 further to the north)." The document also mentions a "white luminous mass" that was observed south of the Moon and an estimate of the size interpretation. The document is signed and dated June 5, 1965.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the University of Pennsylvania Flower and Cook Observatory, dated 1965-3-21. The document discusses some kind of observation or phenomena, but the specifics have been redacted.

UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA 
PHILADELPHIA 4
Flower and Cook Observatory
Major Walter Gaintanella, Jr.
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch. 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

Dear Major Gaintanella:

There I am unable to find your request of March 5 which was filed with the Memo-1 file on March 15. I was unable to obtain a report since I have no such information.

You will note that I have filled in your requested form on the back of this letter. I am hoping that this information will be of interest to you and will meet your requirements.

Sincerely,
OBSERVER

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a detailed eyewitness report.

Date: April 15, 1965
Time: About 7:30 p.m. CST
Place: Pecatonica, Illinois (15 miles west of Rockford, Ill.)
Interviewer: Gary A. Lehaidie, Industrial Art Instructor, C.U. 321, Pecatonica, Illinois

The report describes a sighting of a bright object in the sky that appeared to be spinning rapidly and emitting a bright glow. The object was observed by several students and a teacher. The report mentions that no photograph was taken.

Data: April 15, 1965
Time: About 7:30 p.m. CST
Place: Pecatonica, Illinois (15 miles west of Rockford, Ill.)
Witnesses: Gary A. Lehaidie, Industrial Art Instructor, C.U. 321, Pecatonica, Illinois

Thursday evening, April 15, 1965, students in my drawing class, about 15 of them, were playing around doodling, drawing etc. The lights were out and the room was in semi-darkness. About 7:30 p.m. a student noticed a bright object in the sky through the west windows. The object was spinning rapidly and emitting a bright glow. It appeared to be about 30-40 feet in diameter. It moved slowly towards the horizon and then rapidly accelerated out of sight. The students mentioned above all saw it and were excited and described it as I have above. No photograph was taken as it happened so rapidly. After the incident, the students mentioned above were questioned and they all corroborated the story. The horizon was clear and visibility good. No jet or aircraft of any kind was noted in the area at the time. The object moved in a horizontal course and was above the tree line. The students were all very excited and frightened by the incident. I would be pleased to discuss this further if you have any other questions.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs or drawings. It is a handwritten note describing the contents of a case file, which includes a 7x10" photo and 21 4x5" negatives.

This case contains:
1) 7x10" photo (a drawing)
2) 21 4x5" negatives

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a typed letter with the date "10 Jun 65" and the text of the letter.

Here is the text of the document, produced using optical character recognition:

Mrs Hunt/SAFCICC/73212/10 Jun 65

Dear Mrs. ******,

Regret to advise you that your report of a sighting of an unidentified flying object on 17 April 1965 which you submitted to this office has been investigated. It has been determined that the sighting was not of a definite and authenticated nature, and we consider it unlikely that further investigation would produce any additional information which would substantiate it. Your report is therefore filed closed as completely as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,

- page 12 -

This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document related to a UFO sighting on April 15, 1965 near Algonquin, Illinois. The text of the document is as follows:

TDEW
UFO Sighting, 15 Apr 65, Near Algonquin, Illinois  JUN 2 1965

HQ USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
ATTN: D C 20330 

Reference: Attached letter from Mrs Ann H C Hunt on the report of sighting on 15 Apr 65.   Request forwarding this letter with your action upon it.  Your acknowledgement of this request would be appreciated.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology 
and Subsystems

1 Atch
25 May 65

- page 13 -

