The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 26 August 65 2703/02
2. LOCATION: Erie, Pennsylvania
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Four
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: NW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form used by the U.S. Air Force to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer all the questions as completely as possible. The information that you supply will be used in connection with our analysis and evaluation of the phenomenon, but will not be used for any other purpose, such as interrogations, investigations, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information on a voluntary basis.

1. When did you see the object? 26 Aug 1965
2. Time of day: 2:20 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? (Nearest Postal Address)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 minutes
6. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
6.2 Was object in sight continuously? No
7. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Night c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Directly overhead f. Don't remember

The text of the form has been transcribed completely, excluding any handwritten responses.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey form to be filled out by an observer.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. A few
c. Many remember
d. Don't remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. Don't remember
d. Pitch dark

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGE OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It does not contain any photographs, only a form with text fields to be filled out.

OCR text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)  Yes  (No)  Don't Know. If you answered YES, it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)  Yes  (No)  Don't Know. If you answered YES, it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound N.C.
b. Color N.C. 
c. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object could have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the direction from which the object(s) was (were) approaching, the position, path, and direction of travel as observed.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away was the object from you? Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Where were you (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West 
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No 
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you saw:

Object was about the size of a dime at arm's length. It appeared to be circular or oval shaped. It was metallic in appearance. The object emitted a pulsating glow or light. It was hovering at a constant altitude and speed. The object made no sound. It changed directions abruptly without slowing down. Then it accelerated at a phenomenal rate and disappeared from view.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch depicts a compass-like object with some angular measurements or directions labeled.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "X" where the object was first seen. Place an "O" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place a "X" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
INC

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Sam Audisi as then 32 (age 33) Warren, Pa

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: 
ADDRESS:
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
(indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be pertinent.)
For RCr Audi si, T 32 Warren, Pa

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 7 -

