The image contains a form with various fields filled out, but it does not appear to contain any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: October 1965 - 09/12/55
2. LOCATION: Independence, Ky.
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NATURE OF OBJECTS: Astro (V-1203)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Venus (pale 17.44 long, but appeared about 3/4 mile in diameter)
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (Mx)
7. COURSE: 360 degrees
8. NO. observed: 1
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
	Day 7	Month 10	Year 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object observed appeared to be elongated, somewhat spindle-shaped, and of high reflectivity, appearing a light grayish-white color. It moved from the horizon, up and over the observer's right shoulder at a high rate of speed, disappearing on the other side. It was observed for approximately 10 to 15 seconds before disappearing from view. The object appeared to be at high altitude and could not be associated with any conventional aircraft known to the observer.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Force Technical Information document that contains a questionnaire to be filled out by an observer who has seen an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with this report unless you indicate that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
3-30-65

2. Time of day:
3:00 A.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): A. Eastern
B. Central
C. Mountain
D. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Residence, 1725 North Madison, Independence, Ky.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5 minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
Certain

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Hazy
b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): A. In front of you
B. To your left
C. To your right
D. Behind you
E. Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF  YOU SEE THE OBJECTS NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Obscured with dark clouds
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
____________________________________________

12. THE SHAPE OF THE OBJECT WAS: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?    Yes   No   Don't know
b. Brake up into parts or explode?                 Yes   No   Don't know
c. Change brightness?                              Yes   No   Don't know
d. Change direction?                               Yes   No   Don't know
e. Flash or flicker?                                Yes   No   Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear?                         Yes   No   Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, with handwritten text containing various questions and response fields.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear or move out of sight? (Circle One): Yes No
If you answered YES, then tell in a few words what happened: It appeared to stop and then slowly moved away.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Observed, moving slow and steady
b. Color: Changed from white to red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object the match head covers. If you had performed this experiment, what was the result? Don't know

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing a questionnaire or report form with various questions and response options.

Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

Where was the object located when you first saw it?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building
b. Outside
c. On the ground
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

24. If the object was MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle One) a. Binoculars Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Wind shield Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Theodolite Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text in the document is as follows:

23. Where was the object located when you first saw it?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building
b. Outside
c. On the ground
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

24. If the object was MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle One) a. Binoculars Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Wind shield Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Theodolite Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only diagrams and text. The diagrams appear to be illustrations related to UFO sightings, such as a compass rose and instructions for drawing the motion of an object in the sky.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "T" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The image is a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report.

30. Have you ever seen this or a similar object before? (Give date, time, and location.)
2/9/65 10/28/65 Lexington, Kentucky

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes  No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes  No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Gordon Austin
Last Name  First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State 
TELEPHONE NUMBER Age 18 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. I reported a sighting I had to the local police and they said they would report it to the Air Force. I then got the impression the Air Force wasn't very interested in it although I would have given them any information they wanted. I saw a disc shaped object, it was white, with ropes hanging from it, and it was making a whirring sound. It was solid, noiseless, and without visible means of propulsion. I watched it for about 10 minutes, it was about 700 feet away. I would be glad to give any information on this sighting.

33. What and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year
I reported it to the local police.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a handwritten response to a questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   29 OCT 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
I was not drawing the object I saw - it was a flat object like a plate and moved very fast and disappeared.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be treated in strict confidence. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
       Day ___ Month ___ Year ___
2. Time of day:
   Hour ______ Minutes ______
   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Nearest City or Town ___________________________ State or Country __________________
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   Hours _____ Minutes _____ Seconds _____
   a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? ____________________________________
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes / No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun's location as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you
   e. I don't remember
OVER

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The text on the page contains a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object, including questions about the appearance of the object, weather conditions, and the witness's observations.

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
 8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
 8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. Pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Solid or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Windy e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Dull d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
  a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
  b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
  c. Drift up into outer space or explode? Yes No Don't know
  d. Give off any smoke or exhaust? Yes No Don't know
  e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
  f. Divide or break up? Yes No Don't know
  g. Flashed on and off? Yes No Don't know

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UFO SIGHTING, 3 OCTOBER 1965
By: Mrs. Hunt

We have received a completed Form 14 from Covington, Kentucky. This form contained the information that on 3 October 1965 an observation was made in the Southwest. The time of this observation was 10:3 to 10:4 P.M. CST. The object was first sighted at an azimuth of 245 degrees and at an elevation of 20-25 degrees above the horizon. It remained in view for 1-1.5 minutes.

FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Plans

ORIGINATOR
TDEW/UFO Maj. H. Williamson, Jr.

TDEW PMaLaLa DATED 8 OCT 65

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program for the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document consists of several questions and blank spaces for answers, likely used to gather information about UFO sightings.

Text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object disappeared apparently very rapidly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound No sound
b. Color Appearing alternately green, red and white.
 
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head of the known object. This will represent the angular size of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The match stick would have covered almost the entire object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails, flame on arrow heads to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a form with various questions about an observed object. The text on the form has been captured and can be reproduced as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
If you are answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
If you are answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 14 -

The image contains a sketch diagram and a compass rose. The sketch diagram shows a horizon with some objects in the sky. The compass rose shows the cardinal directions. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an X to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

75°
60°

35°

30°

15°

0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME -- Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS -- Street, City, State, Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 15 SEX Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

Day ---- Month ---- Year

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that includes handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
21 day Month Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The text in the handwritten section states:

"I was sitting in the living room watching TV when I noticed the object in the sky. It was larger than usual star and had a reddish orange color to it. It moved across the sky and then seemed to stop and hover over a railroad track for a few minutes. The object then moved away very rapidly toward the horizon. This all occurred between 8:30 and 9:00 pm on the evening of October 8, 1965."

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from the U.S. government related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

OCR Text:

OCT 31 1966

Dear [Redacted],

Your completed form 1k contained all the necessary information and detailed the sighting. This was evaluated by the Blue Book officers.

The plan has been determined that you observed the planet Venus. Descriptions contained in your report indicate this sighting was of a celestial nature, which would place it on the southwest horizon.

Thank you for reporting your sighting to us. Your interest in our program is appreciated.

Sincerely,

GEORGE T. STONEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community of Intelligence Division
Investigatory Air Force Base
COVINGTON, Kentucky 41015

- page 18 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report.

The text that can be extracted from the image is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM

This is the one
the Nav reiing
reiein is chaging

May B  6676
Dec 3  5T

Venus haal charly ant
Venus ot 1901 3 Oct
C eiy to deiob?
26 Venus was ht o lege
27 of the ied of this end
(so iited)

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten text at the top.

Time passed at 25 minutes past 
that time verified.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 3 October 1965

Hq USAF SAFOIN (Mr. Hunt)
We have received a complaint form 13. This form contains a photograph given by a Mr. Covington near Independence, Kentucky. The picture shows a round object in the sky, described as being silver in color. The object was observed at approximately 1745 hours on 3 October 1965 in the southwest, at an angle of 245 degrees from the observer.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

EDWARD E. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Materiel

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

21. Were you with anyone else at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes  No
3.11 Please list their names and addresses:

22. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME:  
LAST NAME                  FIRST NAME                      MIDDLE NAME

ADDRESS: 61 COLONY ROAD, ERLANGER, Kentucky  

TELEPHONE NUMBER:                         AGE: 15   SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I WENT OUT TO LOOK AT THE STARS, AND SUDDENLY I SAW A VERY BRIGHT OBJECT IN THE SKY WHICH APPEARED TO BE MOVING RAPIDLY ACROSS THE SKY FROM WEST TO EAST. IT WAS COMPLETELY SILENT AND DID NOT APPEAR TO BE AN AIRPLANE. IT WAS SHAPED LIKE A DISC OR OVAL AND SEEMED TO BE SOMEWHAT LARGER THAN A STAR. I WATCHED IT FOR ABOUT 3 MINUTES BEFORE IT DISAPPEARED FROM VIEW.

30. What was to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Boy

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document of a typed letter.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the following text is produced from the document:

PID (TDBU)
LT COL WALTER KARIG AP3, Ohio 45133
17 December 1965

Independence, Kentucky

Dear Sir:

A review of our October 1965 case reveals that the data on your sighting is incomplete for a firm evaluation. The case and brilliance of the object was compared to the moon. As the time of your sighting was about 11:45 p.m. the combination of the moon's position in the south and the object's description leads me to believe that the object descended and disappeared against the moon's background. In this instance the color description and changing intensity could be accounted for by the object's motion, its distance and the observer's angle of view. I would appreciate it if you could fill out the attached form so that these completed forms we will attempt to evaluate the sighting.

Sincerely,

DOCTOR GUSTAFULLA, JR. Major, USAF
CHIEF, Project Blue Book

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Project Blue Book Case# 12,806
Date: 3 October 1965

The text in the document reads:

"We have received a completed form USAF SAS-ATIC (Sp. Auth.) CONCERNING UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS. This form contained the information necessary for evaluation. The sighting was made on 5:03 p.m. 3 October 1965. The object (which has a video) was observed and reportedly was in sight for about 3-5 minutes. The object was observed at an altitude of 5000 feet and was watched as it moved in a westerly direction at a high rate of speed."

"MAJOR J. A. JOHNSON, Colonel, USAF
CHIEF, TECHNICAL ANALYSIS DIVISION"

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire regarding unidentified aerial phenomena. The document contains various questions about the sighting of the object, such as the time, location, duration, and condition of the sky.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you provide may be of great value in connection with any further study of unidentified aerial objects. We request that you do not discuss or publish this information, or conclusions, or publications without your permission. We will appreciate your cooperation.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 11:30 A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern   b. Central   c. Mountain   d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes: 2 Seconds: 10
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY: a. Bright   b. Hazy   NIGHT: a. Bright   b. Hazy   c. Overcast   d. Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you   b. Behind you   c. Overhead   d. To your left   e. To your right   f. Don't remember

- page 25 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form used to gather information about UFO sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Lively or brilliant star
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
e. Change color? YES NO Don't know
f. Crash or disappear? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 26 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual representation of the object described in the report. It appears to be a questionnaire or form used to gather information about a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Very suddenly - had been visible for about 10 to 15 minutes

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind. 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color very bright white, seemed to flicker at times

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had observed this experiment at the time of the sighting, what would the result have been? 
Appeared to be about twice the size of a star, but much brighter.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show any trails or attachments that seem to have been moving.
[No sketch provided]

- page 27 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page is filled with text and various multiple-choice questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

30. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle one) YES / NO
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1/5 to 1/2 mile per second

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle one) YES / NO 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 6-8 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
Other: outburst country side

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In a rural area? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other: 

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. South c. East d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES / NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES / NO
b. Sun glasses YES / NO
c. Windshield YES / NO
d. Window-glass YES / NO
e. Binoculars YES / NO
f. Telescope YES / NO
g. Theodolite YES / NO
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 28 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a sketch or diagram showing a compass-like object with angular markings, as well as some text instructions related to observing and describing the motion of an unidentified object or objects.

The text in the document says:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place a "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

west of boat got

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were they? (Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of a UFO or similar object.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes - No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes - No
31.2 Please list their name and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, MIDDLE NAME
ADDRESS: STREET, CITY, STATE, ZIP
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 44 SEX: Female
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
DAY - MONTH - YEAR

- page 30 -

