The image does not contain any photograph, only text in a form-like layout.

Observation of object observed as hovering near ground in Northern sky. Lay, D.T. that it appeared to be a solid object and, upon fading from view, changed in appearance to a brilliant spot of light. Object appeared to be quite low to ground and did not seem to move with any apparent speed. The period of visibility was approximately 2-3 seconds.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:
Mrs. Hunt/van/SAPOICC/728#2/26 Jul 65

Dear Miss _____,
This is in reply to your report of an aerial object which you could not identify on the night of 6 March 1965.

Your description of the object, its flight characteristics, and the duration of two to three seconds are in accordance with reports of a similar object observed that night, which was faster and smaller than a fireball and was lower in altitude than you observers which you have previously observed.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Maj General, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Miss _____
2228 Sunset, N. W.
Washington, D. C. 20006

COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date):
SAFOI-4

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 5 Mar 65, Washington, D C

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI-GC (Mr.       )
WASHINGTON D C 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from      requesting information on her observation of 5 Mar 65. The following is provided in reply that may be made to her:

a. We have not received any additional reports from 5 Mar 65 in the Washington D C area drawn by Miss      as well as the description of the object and its flight characteristics and the duration of two to three seconds are in accord with many previous reports of meteor observations. This type of meteor was probably not observed by Miss       before on this date. However, in all probability she has previously observed similar celestial phenomena.

2. We wish to express our appreciation for her reporting this observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

Project Blue Book: INFORMATION OFFICE
Headquarters, U.S. Air Force
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

March 9, 1965

P.S. Do I get an acknowledgement that all your reports have been received? Because if not, I would like a clear report indicating if you wish such reports sent in.

P.S. Please find enclosed attempt at picture of object seen.

Last Saturday I saw what seemed to be an unidentifiable object swerving across the sky, so I wish to submit the following report for your records. As though I have no additional information to add, I thought you would like to know about it. This object was seen rather than telephoned. Do you have any standard form for reporting such things? If so, please send me one, so that I can submit it for this report and any others that other people who seem to me to be saying they have also seen objects of the kind described.

1. Was it similar to comet, meteor, meteorite or satellite? No, I have seen the types of distant objects and it was not similar. It was obviously strange, had a different kind of motion, and actions.

2. The information in detail condition: No, I was calm and alert. Not under duress or undue excitement during the observation period.

3. When did you see it? March 5, 1965, about 9:30 and 10:00 p.m.

4. Where did you see it? Toward the Grand School Playground. The object was in the lower northern sky.

5. Did anyone else join you in seeing the same object? No, there was no one else with me at the time. I observed it alone.

6. Describe as exactly as possible what the object (size, color, sound) seemed to be. It appeared to be a startling brilliant like object. The forward part of which was rounded like an elongated octagon. It moved rapidly toward the rear and. that part just beyond the middle or the circular body, there appeared an appendages extending outwardly and rearward. I thought it was higher than the house, perhaps a little closer. Regarding its sound, it seemed to serve only a low hum.

7. Describe apparent size, speed, and course of object as to size, looking in the lower west at the horizon I found the diameter of the object to be approximately one-fourth the diameter of the moon as I observed it. Its speed seemed medium rather than fast. It moved in a zigzag pattern, at times appearing stationary,then darting off rapidly. It was not blurred, but clearly outlined. From 8 to 10 seconds in duration.

Sincerely,

- page 4 -

The image appears to contain a photograph or illustration of what looks like a lunar or celestial object. The image shows a large, irregular shape with a crater-like feature, resembling the surface of the Moon. In the bottom left corner of the image, there is a small circular shape labeled "Moon Edge".

MOON EDGE

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the text "Enclosure for 3/9/65 letter to Project Blue Book" at the top.

Enclosure for 3/9/65 letter to Project Blue Book

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text visible in the image is as follows:

Department of Statistics
Pan American Union
Washington, D.C.

Mrs. Ariett
Project Blue Book
Information Officer
Headquarters U.S. Air Force (SAF-IN OITB)
Washington, D.C., 20330

- page 7 -

