The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically for an incident that occurred on June 20, 1965 in Indianapolis, Indiana.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 June 65 20/2255Z
2. LOCATION: Indianapolis, Indiana
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 25 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Westerly ind/stop
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

The report describes an unidentified flying object observed in the sky, which was seen to be high in the Northwest, moving from East to West, then stopping for a few seconds before disappearing. The object was described as having concentrated and rotating lights, with a size and speed estimated to be larger than a full moon and around 125-150 mph, respectively.

- page 1 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a circular or disk-shaped object. The sketch shows the object's outline and some details within it, but does not identify any specific individuals.

Here is the text from the document, produced by an OCR system:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? THE OBJECT WAS FIRST OBSERVED AS COMING OUT OF THE NORTHEAST AND WAS TRAVELING SOUTHWEST AND DISAPPEARED INTO THE SOUTHWEST.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind;

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of;

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound VERY SILENT, NO SOUND OBSERVED b. Color WHITE GLOW, LIT UP, GLOWING

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and measure, how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?

OBJECT WAS APPROX. 1/4 OF THE SKY WHEN FIRST OBSERVED AND ONLY APPROX. 1/8 OF THE SKY WHEN LAST OBSERVED. ABOUT THE SIZE OF A SILVER DOLLAR HELD AT ARM'S LENGTH.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and definitely show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.

The sketch shows a circular or disk-shaped object with some details inside, but no identifiable human features.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One)
Yes - 125 - 150 miles per hour
No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) 
Yes - 5,000 ft.
No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying your own aircraft?
g. Other - Airborne - over open country?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
b. Northeast
c. East
e. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 45 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One)
Yes

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses - Yes
b. Sun glasses - No
c. Windshield - Yes
d. Telescope - Yes
e. Binoculars - Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

A bright light about the size of a regular city street light, pulsing at intervals.

- page 3 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photographic image. The sketch appears to be a compass rose or navigation diagram with various directional bearings labeled. There are also instructions related to the sketch, such as "Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (if flying)", and "Place an "E" on the compass where you first saw the object."

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (if flying) when you first saw it. Place an "E" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements other than the filled-out project blue book report form. I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

There

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] 
AGE 61 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am a retired public accountant and have done some free-lance writing and research on UFOs during my spare time. I have sighted UFOs before but this was the first time I was able to take a photograph of one. I have a keen interest in the subject of UFOs and would be glad to assist in any follow-up investigation if you so desire.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
May 6 1965 Reported to [Redacted]

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn diagram. The diagram appears to be a path or route, with some markers and annotations on it. The text at the top of the diagram states "Path of travel Aug 7 South of 2 east".

PATH OF TRAVEL
AUG 7 SOUTH +2 EAST

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text only.

September 3, 1965

Under section 36, you ask for a comparison with some common or familiar objects. Comparison with a straight line, or with a circle, or an outer chamber or ring reminded me of the accelerating chamber of a stellar chamber. There was a pulsing motion of some kind but I am unable to say whether it was a pulsing motion or not. I am very clear. These lines were a different shade or color than the rest of the object. They were not as translucent and appeared to be a different substance. The movements had to guided by an intelligence of some kind.

It is difficult to estimate the height, but I would say that it was over Ten thousand feet. One of the things that seemed very puzzling was the way it took off in a straight line across the sky at the 29 degree position. It did not rise by followed a line across the sky as one would a plane would do.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

BEHIND EVERY Rf HOUSE NO CLOUDS IN WEST.      
SEEMED EXCESSIVLY FAST.
GLOWS JUST MOVING.
NOT SOUND LIKE SMOKE FROM DISTANT HEAVY  
EQUIPMENT.  
1000 FT. MOTOR NOISE. 
NO REFERENCE.
NO BIG ENOUGH BR-1647.

GENERAL AREA.     
JUST HISTORICAL RECORDS.
CAN CONTACT.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Mitied Henie Air Forse
Co--beehed eoutacting ete&tle
April 26, 1965
Dayton, Ohio
Dear Sirs:
At the ruin of an early hid ney go to
minutia in the veaort of a phencmerecom
at 3:25 AM, Bunday, June 20, 1650) This
was obeezved in the eastern sky near an
area of 30 <ft.50) cta. the duration of
tke contaming was about 5 minutes. It
appeared to be a bright light, the size of
a full moon. It seemed to be surrounded
by a glow like a halo. It seamed to be
high up, estimated up to 500 feet. After
remaining stationary for a few minutes it
then dropped straight dorm and disappearsd.
I hope this report will be of interest to you.
Sincerely yours,

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed letter or document addressed to "U.S. AIR Technical Intelligence Center, Dayton, Ohio".

U.S. AIR Technical Intelligence Center 
Dayton, Ohio

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, which appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

a real saucer? a - that's the limit a yellowy one light on top bottom light on and a ring of colored lights all around it was circling round and had a sound to it like a dynamo one blinded me suddenly then went off into the woods - faster speed than a jet or anything i'd seen - seemed to appear going very fast and then slowed down closer to me my car had engine stall and lights went out as it passed over it the lights came back on when it got farther away - i've seen enough of them this time i want to report it the color seemed to change as it moved appeared very bright the experience of myself and - can concur in the report and pay my fine if necessary because i'm convinced now even more of this visitatation - there can't be any question now in my mind these are real vehicles and not imaginings or optical illusions the publicity put out confusing the public is what has been for a long time in my opinion, to give the public doubt and the various military spokesmen have been helping in this as this case shows. i may be forced to take a polygraph test as well to show i'm telling the truth, but i have no fear of that either way the thing that flew over us was not anything like a jet or anything man-made.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to a UFO observation in Indianapolis, Indiana.

HEADQUARTERS  
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION  
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND  
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE  
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO  

UFO Observation, Indianapolis, Indiana  

JUN 25 1965  

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)  
WASH D C 20330  

Reference the attached letter from your office requesting an identified flying object in this area. It is still out.  

FOR THE COMMANDER  

R E MOYNAHAN  
COLONEL, USAF  
Deputy for Technology  
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

16 JUL 1965

Dear Mr. -----,
Attached is the FTD Form 164 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. In order for the data contained on this form to be completely evaluated as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,
SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
FTD Form 164
Mr. -----
Indiana, Indiana

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire related to an unidentified aerial phenomenon sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all the questions as you can, to the best of your ability. The information will be in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 23 JUNE 1965
2. Time of day: 5:55 - 5:55 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? INDIANAPOLIS, IND.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 - 3 seconds
5.1 Was object continuos? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT
Bright Hazy
Clear Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): 1. In front of you 2. To your left 3. To your right 4. Behind you

- page 14 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Full moonlight, c. Hazy moonlight, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Heavy clouds, c. Patchy or broken clouds, d. Scattered clouds, e. Foggy, mist, or light rain, f. Moderate or heavy rain, g. Snow, h. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. As a light, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared at NIGHT, was it brighter than the background stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Not as bright, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects: A VERY BRIGHT CLEAR GLOW

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES
c. Break up into parts or explode? NO
d. Change brightness? YES 
e. Change shape? YES 
f. Leave a trail? NO
g. Disappear and reappear? YES

- page 15 -

