The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form filled out as part of a Project Blue Book report, detailing the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 JUN 65 0630

2. LOCATION: CODEN, ALABAMA 

3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: TWO

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 1/2 MINUTES

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL-RADAR

7. COURSE: SOUTH

8. PHOTOS: NO

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO

10. CONCLUSION: IT WAS DETERMINED THAT THIS SIGHTING WAS PROBABLY THAT OF TWO AIRCRAFT MANEUVERING IN THE AREA.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing illustrations and instructions related to observing and reporting UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions and spaces for the witness to provide information about their sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. *see description
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses. *name listed
32. Please give the following information about yourself. *name, address, telephone number, age, sex listed
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? *blank

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

The three vehicle-like shape were not stationary but appeared to be moving northward very slowly.
We got a very clear look at them. But they were a strange shape rather than the type object that we normally see. 
I was more disturbing by strange shaped like rather then any actual object.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned image of an envelope or postal cover.

The text visible in the image is as follows:

R. T. Degrande
6 Rossall Rd.
Camden, N.J.

John D. Spaulding
Lt Colonel, USAF, SAF-CC
Chief, Wind Branch
Climatology & Geophysics Div.
Offie of Information
WASHINTON 25, D.C.

Secretary of Defence
Robert S. McNamara
Washington, D.C.

The envelope also contains postage stamps and postmarks, including a postmark that says "CAMDEN, N.J. APR 25 PM 1965 VIA AIR MAIL".

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or report.

AT

The text in the document reads as follows:

This is a letter dated April 9, 1965 describing an observed unidentified flying object (UFO). The letter details the observer's account of seeing a bright, glowing object in the sky that moved rapidly and silently. The object was seen for several minutes before disappearing. The observer mentions the object's unusual characteristics and their suspicion that it was not a conventional aircraft. The letter goes on to describe the observer's attempts to report the sighting to the proper authorities.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Output of the text in the document:

On the evening T.V. program at about 8:30pm I saw an object which seemed to be about the size of a dime held at arms length.
At first I soon saw that this was no meteorite nor any other conventional type of aircraft. The object was stationary and hovered in the sky for about 30 minutes. After this, it suddenly shot upwards at an incredible speed and disappeared from sight. I watched it intently during the entire time, and was amazed at its performance.
I would guess that the object was at an altitude of around 2000 to 3000 feet. If it was some sort of natural phenomenon, it certainly was not anything I have ever seen before. I have enough evidence to feel that this was no normal aircraft, and I would like to know if your organization has any other reports of similar sightings in this area.
I hope this information is of some use to you. If there are any further questions, please feel free to contact me. The address is given below. I shall be glad to cooperate fully in any further investigation.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEHV                                                          10 May 65

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
    Wash D C 20330

THIS OFFICE IS IN RECEIPT OF A LETTER FROM Robert S McCarden, Alabama, addressed to Secretary of Defense, regarding his observation of an unidentified object in the sky on 20 Apr 65. Since his letter did not contain sufficient information for evaluation, it is requested that your office forward an ATIC Form 165 to him for completion.

FOR THE COMMANDER

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR.
CHIEF, AERIAL PHENOMENA
           THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book report and does not contain any photographs. The text is as follows:

Mrs Hunt/SAFOXCC/TLBH4/10 Jun 65

Dear Mr. 

Your letter to the Secretary of Defense in which you requested an investigation of an unidentified flying object sighting has been referred to this office for reply.

We appreciate your interest and cooperation in reporting this incident. However, we are unable to undertake an investigation of this particular incident as it does not meet the criteria for a formal project Blue Book investigation. We are, therefore, filing your report in our records and returning it to you with our thanks.

Sincerely,

Lt. Col. 
PID Form 164
Mr. 
Cooden, Ala.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which contains a questionnaire related to unidentified aerial phenomena that the witness had observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information we receive will be used for scientific and intelligence purposes. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 20th April 1965
2. Time of day: 9:20 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near the residence, City to Town, AL
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 14 seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Day b. Night
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where were you in relation to the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF YOU SAW the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Fuzzy or blurred
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

11.1 Comparison to some common object:
It is called diffic - to any to make

12. The color of the object was: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other: _________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Abruptly change direction? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 11 -

The image contains a form that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image, only a simple drawing of an oval shape with an arrow beside it.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Theyudispeared gradually.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)	Yes	No	Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
The cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)	Yes	No	Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
The cloud. 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
The light-colored.

18. We wish to know the angular size, hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had no known object with which to make this experiment, please estimate the size of the object in your best judgment, whether this experiment was made or not.
Could not see enough of it to determine the size.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, lights, or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple drawing is provided showing an oval shape with an arrow pointing to the right.]

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
They disappeared gradually.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
The cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
The cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
The light-colored.

18. We wish to know the angular size, hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had no known object with which to make this experiment, please estimate the size of the object in your best judgment, whether this experiment was made or not.
Could not see enough of it to determine the size.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, lights, or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Fifty miles per hour.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3,000 yards.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (specify) 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. South c. East d. Southeast f. Southwest g. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other BACK 3/4 INCH, ABOUT 8 - 10 INCHES REAL.

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. TO THE BEST OF MY RECOLLECTION, IT APPEARED TO BE PART OF A FLAT WING ABOUT 4 INCHES LONG AND ABOUT 1 INCH WIDE. IT APPEARED TO BE MANEUVERING AND APPEARED QUITE REAL.

- page 13 -

