The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document states "No object observed. Photo submitted for analysis."

30 January 65 30/23302
MECCA, CALIFORNIA
DOCUMENTING WITNESSES
None
N/A
N/A
N/A
YES
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
NO

NO CONCLUSION

No object observed. Photo submitted for analysis.

The correspondence indicates that the original negative was not available, instead a positive print (or sight) could have been the object (or light) observed. However, no photo was apparently included with this report.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It shows a blank envelope with postal markings, but there does not appear to be any photograph or image on this particular page.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.
ZIP CODE 87124

Department of Civilian Defense
H Capt. H C Hanson
Ht National Guard Armory
Cluk Houte branch
Community Relations Buret au
Washington, D.C.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

Text from the document:

April 18, 1965

John Spaulding
Dear Sir:
April the fourth I mailed three slides to you. This was in compliance to your letter of 8 March 31, 1965. Since you have not acknowledged the receipt of the slides I would appreciate their being returned.
Sincerely,

Lemon Grove, California
ZIP CODE 92223

La Colonel Sap
Gillly, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office for Aerospace Operations
P.O. Box C, Norton, California

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Mr. gyre,

Reference is made to your letter of April 18, 1969, in which you stated that you had forwarded three slides on this subject.

Should we be able to verify the receipt of these slides and determine their value to us, we will contact you accordingly. No slides were received with your letter.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Chief, Civil Branch
Technical Information Division
Directorate of Information

Compton, California

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO

ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: UFO Slides

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
BOLLING AFB, D.C. 20330

This office is in receipt of three color slides from your office return these to Mr. XXXX with an explanation that we have had priority made from his slides and after completion of the photo analysis he will be notified of the conclusion reached.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

George C. Schauer, Jr
Major, USAF
Chief, Visual Phenomena

3 Color Slides

- page 5 -

The image contains a photograph of a flying object that appears to be some kind of unidentified aerial phenomenon. The document seems to be a report or letter related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

April 26, 1965

John F. Spaulding
Lt. Colonel, USAF

Dear Sir: 

In reference to your letter of April 13, 1965, there is always a reference to your letter dated April 13, 1965, wherein you request information concerning the matter of a sighting which was reported on or about April 5, 1965. This I may have forgotten to put on a return. However, this is your letter, and I am enclosing a reply to you in the matter.

In the past I have written many letters to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and I have on several occasions left their place without leaving any indication that I have talked to them about this particular flying saucer matter. However, I must inform you that I have contacted them to make the record complete, since in the future someone may have occasion to want the information which I can provide.

Office of Federal Bureau of Investigation

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR output:

Mrs Hunt/SAFOXCPP729h/2 Jun 66

Dear Mr. [redacted],

We have completed the basic study of the slides which you furnished on 15 June 1965. At the present time, a detailed analysis is in progress and as soon as this analysis is completed, you will be advised of the conclusions.

Your slides are returned herewith.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPRADLING
Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Mr. [redacted]
[redacted], California

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a photograph of a mountainous landscape. The photograph shows a hilly, rocky terrain with mountains in the background. There is a body of water, possibly a lake, in the foreground. The image is in black and white.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC

- page 8 -

The image provided appears to be a black and white photograph showing a mountainous landscape. The text at the top of the image indicates that this is from the "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC". There does not appear to be any human faces or identifying information in the image.

OCR output:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

- page 9 -

The image contains a photograph of a desert landscape, with mountains in the background. The text at the top of the image reads "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC".

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC

- page 10 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows text content only.

Transcription of text:

January 30, 1965 -- Monterey, California --Monterey Mayor George Clemens reported a maneuvering bright UFO at 6 P.M. yesterday.
Peninsula Airport Tower confirmed the object or a similar one in the sky at the same time. An airline pilot reported an identical object while flying above Monterey. SOURCE: Monterey Peninsula Herald, Calif.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document titled "ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK REQUEST" which contains various form fields to be filled out, such as "ENGINEERING ANALYSIS", "PHOTO ANALYSIS", and "MACHINE COMPUTATION". The text at the top reads "ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK REQUEST" and the majority of the text in the form is handwritten.

ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK REQUEST
PPT NUMBER: A52002
DESCRIPTION OF WORK: Request Photo Analysis of the attached photos and negatives.
REFERENCE MATERIAL: Three photos and negatives, Ltr fm DAS (AFYDIO-U) 21 Mar 65.
COMPLETION OF ANALYSIS:
REQUESTED BY: //s// Durward W. Curran
DIVISION/UNIT: PHONE: 6.9215
PRIORITY AND DEADLINE WITHIN MY DIVISION AUTHORIZED BY ME AND THAT IT HAS THE FOLLOWING PRIORITY AND DEADLINE DATE:
SIGNATURE OF APPROVING DIVISION CHIEF: [SIGNATURE]
DATE: [DATE]

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

RD CASE INFORMATION ONLY, 31 JAN UARY 1965, ITALY

Dear Mr.____,

Thank you very much for your recent letter regarding unidentified flying objects. I will be pleased to provide you with any information we have on this subject.

I am enclosing a copy of the current report on Project Blue Book, the AF's official investigation of the UFO problem. This report contains a summary of AF activities in this area and includes the conclusions reached based on over 12,000 reports of unidentified flying objects investigated during the past 18 years.

In 16 years of investigating over 9,000 reports of unidentified flying objects, the Air Force has never received any evidence that unidentified flying objects represent a threat to our national security. The UFO reports do not indicate advanced technology or devises beyond our present scientific knowledge.

There has never been any evidence that UFO's reported to the Air Force represent anything more than misidentification of conventional objects. We can detect no indication of a threat to the security of the United States or any evidence that the phenomena represent technological developments or scientific principles beyond our current knowledge.

Entries in the summaries of investigated UFO reports, it is often necessary to limit descriptive information, since some witnesses wish to remain anonymous. I trust the enclosed data will be of assistance to you.

I am in touch with the Assistant Air Attache from Italy. He indicates that you contact officers at the following address:

Ministero della Difesa Aeronautica
Ufficio Generale Armament!
Viale dell'Universita, 4
Rome, Italy

Sincerely,

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text.

The text in the document is as follows:

"Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 12, #3, March 1965

VIRGINIA SHERIFF WARNS AGAINST SHOOTING SPACE VISITORS: On January 29th, the sheriff of Augusta County, Virginia, issued a warning to residents of 'little green men' This means that an alien spacecraft, or 'visitor' containing several small humanoid beings may have been seen in the county recently. A report of these days earlier by a farmer was investigated, and this thing has not gotten completely out of hand. The sheriff announced that anyone attempting to shoot at these visitors could count on prosecution and heavy penalties, as "interfering with these visitors in the county without good reason will be dealt with severely."

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

"January 28,1965 --Staunton, Virginia --Sheriff John E. Kent of Augusta County warned search parties in the area, that were heavily armed in fear of flying saucers and little green men, that they were creating a public hazard. Over 50 sightings of UFOs and of strange creatures on the ground were reported from the Old Dominion State in January-February. SOURCE: Richmond Times Dispatch, Virginia."

- page 15 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

AFDASCA/241

The following is a summary of letter dated 2 February 1965 and sent to IPIOBECT BLUE BOOK, Information Officer, USAF (SAC-EDII), Washington, D.C., by Mr. ---, Rome, Italy.

The writer describes himself as a 40-year-old resident of Rome, a butcher by trade and for many years has been an amateur astronomer and owns a small telescope and a library of 300 books on the subject.

On 13 January 1965, the writer's sighting took place while visiting a cemetery in Verano, at 11:00 a.m. According to his summary, he sighted a luminous object in the sky which appeared for a few minutes and then immediately disappeared. He thought it could have been a star or a planet due to its position in the firmament.

"After some moments a second object detached itself from the first and steadily gaining altitude around the CICCI and then suddenly disappeared at great speed."

"A third object detached itself from the original but did not circle about the first but sped away with astounding velocity, also to the westward."

The sighting perplexed him and, as he states, although he has sighted strange objects at night, the daytime sighting concerned him and he calculated the height at 20,000 meters and the escape velocity of the objects as being that of the "CICCI" satellites. The direction of departure flight of the second and third objects was from east to west.

A full translation of the letter can be furnished upon your request.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Project Blue Book stationery.

THANK YOU FOR YOUR LETTER. IF WE CAN BE OF FURTHER ASSISTANCE, PLEASE LET US KNOW.

SINCERELY,

JOHN R. SPAULDING
THE AIR FORCE CIVIL ENGINEERING CENTER
COMMUNICATIONS RELATIONS DIVISION
DAYTON 02, OHIO

- page 17 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a handwritten document or report. Given the context provided, this seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image, the output is as follows:

Roma 3-3-1965
Mr. chambe Candlidi Frame detto a Roma
a personnage marcelli, lo 49 amni suoi
picato con 2 bomblisti sono suoi in casco
gli hanno fatto ricoverato nervisino coliteremento
fin che restano pio non per far venire ma 
dio che disse che veie auto rimittita passione
mam Bostonmin josiabi un pacel
clecar po col the time littler be multi
fermatc in volume  attenta post nona -
e colti e cintura nell manciata (??) ameno
che volle e stintuati da noto che condorre
derence del iolet aria di mole chkrchi gireno

Document 31-4-1965 are 43.30 errors and may
ancelt con migre malghe andare me dannino
appunto una granata oggianata il iolet 
eleonora di acqua per i tui marino vents
pens da fontana, a un trotto guarda andi
et cono erna colpto da un oggeto amminatore
stella, amoco in parma la passiana in
voluto c bene che elo mpgna gando polev-
traiavn di precle l'orbita elei panne te-
ra molt fia e sui.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

j'i .'m: .. .Lé 'w'olenn. mar-ur.
chazln r- gr i't'le "rrw-F'm—nsr r11 rn] |3l'.4}

nH- '3'.l'1.'.fiiL' -L'rte L'I'XAH'U'L'L' pm d'*'x'::Jé."':.ml

man n nrnlhxjlr. Fern 1: HUM m rum-Jure
rl'i'nliu 'I'JULL-r'JLPIJIHS Mgr-NW, fwrm'ii
:Hfilvi'tt-j Hhmme 1:14:an ghtflxnl.» Hang-'A'.
.-'0'T'm-mrh' l'T-Tifir'n d'L gal] ; mm rh 'Illzrfigmjxr.
JH' 'Ll n "Huh: 'T'iLH'iLi'P'm)' Lt 1:71pm", 'rir'n '.'C!

'.Hi I'L'- :'r'trlr. "nnm.r'.n'.l'm!rt! n d'r'iui1n--
r 1." 1.1)! )'t'i' u'i'. rig'r'i'lh'm'ivrn'tznm 'J'r'

4m '* urn lam!..-h'.'r;m ]Hl' 'Julxtj'jdt. f

ILLI'H 1L? de-Lq'vrp Jr Tl] ,i'Ji'llhfl 1.1-. ii'l'if'llflul

La ' Jil'n'.'1 1:: ']irl':':'. Je- Hf. '.'J'l'l'TflH. "1.1m,
'l'l'u'l.' 'Lrlxfi' 1:41 Ht'l'LHLa 'll run J'i'TtJ

..'tl *ni: I'H'L'. '1' Ll-lil'i t ml "I'l'l'jfll' 31. "\'rl'hnf
«'F'.'lll.'_."=1l H'i'l'i'm: {Liv t'tl'nu-L'rrl. t'n' prill'l'."
H'J mm'L-H I". LVHKZLL

:flriir'j'ii »._'b'r.r:= rut-.'r..' I'Kc'c-h. Iii! 1

mt mnxnmwm mu. Mn «n 'rt'r'erm' I'llill' l".
If. HMEL 1'4" "iii-n 'Llmrg}; 't-i'm.' ' ruml ..r rm)

L': fl',' 'ni-Li'r'rl In f'lmr'flzm'. '1 Hi. '1' in} ,r'u'n H1"

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Output of the text in the document:

Ce nous li acctdispar te talh i easz
arn'on acludrse la vien'n
tgallem i male ma et
Importane salb ce velue ch 
fi era telli ne.selle me fariefine
telinene c' imposarete
Bene ee e'etcet-re p'attemarn.
stree ont. Ineiee i 5 volte superiore
ole santelte "Cun. di nzgine riavi, stanti
del prime vern melt futile cli
fopar del due. ta. est vern Quest
quelle ehe primon hin eclate le
el ogri inte marrate came uscire
come une mnchr) Interms al primo
e la viele et .

- page 20 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram or sketch. It appears to be a technical drawing or schematic diagram, with various symbols and lines representing some kind of system or process. There is no photographic image present in this document.

Spearatic cli poter, inurere
vi aullil - Buvameur

- page 21 -

The image contains a color photograph of a UFO submitted to the Department of the Air Force as part of Project Blue Book. The report describes the UFO sighting that occurred on August 4, 1965 near Mecca, California. The observer, Mr. Clifford C. Burmont, reported seeing a large metallic object with "the diameter of approximately 200 feet, bell-shaped" flying over the American Canal. He said he heard a rumbling sound immediately after the sighting. The photograph was taken using Ektachrome color film, and the observer estimated the object's altitude at 2,500 feet.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C.

REPLY TO DEPUTY THE INSPECTOR GENERAL, USAF
ATTN OF: HQ USAF File

SUBJECT: UFO REPORT BY PRIVATE CITIZEN

TO: Project Officer
Operation Blue Book
SAFOI-IN

Attached is a color photo OF a UFO submitted to this office FOR AF's EVALUATION. It appears to have been submitted to this office recently by Mr. Clifford C. BURMONT, of Mecca, Calif, about 65 miles east of Los Angeles near the American Canal, east of Mecca, Calif. According to Mr. BURMONT, Calif., he did not see the UFO itself but said he heard a rumbling sound immediately after he saw a flash. He estimated the time as approximately 8:30 am, PST, on 4 Aug 1965. He took the photo on Ektachrome color film. He estimated the diameter of the object as approximately 200 feet, bell-shaped. He estimated the altitude at approximately 2,500 feet.

Can you please reply directly to Mr. BURMONT on his UFO report and advise on what would appropriate for a copy of its disposition?

Incidentally, has a SAFOI Fact Sheet on UFOs been published since the one dated 15 Jan 1960? If so I also would like a copy and any other material available.

FRANCIS R. FOWLER
CHIEF OF INFORMATION
Deputy The Inspector General, USAF

Strength through Vigilance

- page 22 -

The image appears to be a handwritten note about a UFO report. There is no photograph present in this particular image. The text states "This case includes three (3) 5"x7" photographs and one (1) 7 1/2" x 15" strip of negatives."

Text extracted from the image:
This case includes three (3) 5"x7" photographs and one (1) 7 1/2" x 15" strip of negatives.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1960s.

Text from the document:

April 22, 1965

It is rather unusual to solicit help on this picture of an unidentifying flying object. However, there are a few items that need explanation to discount reports and little green people.

It is nearly impossible to discount reports of little green people. They have communicated knowledge of the situation, and that they prefer to remain incognito as they have been with us over many centuries, and twenty-one days prior to this date. Heaven's gate was set up, and a group of people were eliminated... Prior to this date, Adam walked out of the Garden of Eden on three occasions, and became the first man to have witnessed extraordinary beings from another planet, and returned to tell the tale. These celestial beings looked human as we do, but had extraordinary powers and abilities. There was a familiarity. There has been one space ship that operated on the Salton sea, and was a scientific discovery.

However, the scientific world is being carefully controlled by beings from another planet. The magnetic force, and its impact on our civilization, is the force of population. it is the force of population that keeps planets in their orbits, and inter-star, and inter-cluster. After a civilization has reached a certain point with their development, that force of population becomes a cosmic control, and is redirected so the planet progresses to the next step of its evolution. The only ones to worry about are cosmic cowboys, and shooting galleries.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, specifically an envelope addressed to "John D. Sheaffer, 5114 Stanley Drive, Baltimore 27, Maryland".

The text transcribed from the document is as follows:

John D. Sheaffer  
5114 Stanley Drive  
Baltimore 27, Maryland  
SNFOL

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

Hara Blint/ sb/SAFOIT/723/30 Mar 65

Dear Mr. (redacted),

This is a reply to your letter of 24 March 1965 in which you requested information relating to Mr. (redacted)'s sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Mr. (redacted) has been advised that it will be necessary for him to supply photographs of the object for an analysis to be made. A copy of this letter is attached.

The reports on Project Blue Book, the Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects, indicate that since its origin in 1948, a number of sightings have been made which cannot be explained conclusively by known aeronautical or astronomical causes. However, many sightings have also been explained as known objects and phenomena. The Project Blue Book file on this particular sighting is being reviewed, and you will be informed of the results of this review as soon as it is completed.

Sincerely,

JOHN T. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Data Branch
Information Division
Office of Information
USAF

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

Dear Mr. _____,

This is in reference to an unidentified flying object which was sighted in the Morongo Air Force Range area on March 30, 1965.

In order for the Air Force to make an analysis of the incident, it will be necessary for you to provide additional information of the following:

1. Attach photographs, if any, which you may have taken of the object.

In order to provide an analysis of this incident, it will be necessary to have a report of our findings. Upon receipt of the above information, a report of our findings will be forwarded to you. 

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Community Information Division

Record cy - SAFOI-S
Coord cy - SAFOI-23
Pstd cy - 3455-3
Security cy - 3450-4

- page 27 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The image is a black and white photograph of an elongated, saucer-shaped object.

The text in the document reads:

Red unidentified flying object.

Lt Colonel John F Spauldi:

On the morning of 18 January 1965, approximately at 0800 hours, Mr. Spauldin:, an employee of the Bureau of Investigation for the US Air Force, was driving to work and sighted an unidentified flying object. In an oral statement, Mr. Spauldin reported the following:

"As I was driving to work this morning about 0800 hours, I sighted what appeared to be a red colored object in the sky. It was a clear day and the object was visible for about ten minutes. The object appeared to be hovering and then suddenly took off at a high rate of speed, leaving the area. There were three slides taken from this sighting. The negative is attached. I don't know whether the slides can be repaired." 

For your information, you might contact the Federal Bureau of Investiation, about this incident. They have written confirmation.

Beaumont, California
GC Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington 25, D. C.

- page 28 -

