The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire regarding the sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. Air Force Technical Information
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Your name will not be used in connection with any publications or publicity without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Redacted] Day [Redacted] Month [Redacted] Year

2. Time of day: [Redacted] Hour (Circle One): A.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] Nearest Postal Address [Redacted] City or Town [Redacted] State

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) [Redacted] Hours [Redacted] Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. To your left b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page, only a form with various questions and answer options.

Text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Many 
b. A few
c. None
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Answer field redacted]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
c. Move slowly at a steady pace? Yes  No  Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes  No  Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes  No  Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes  No  Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes  No  Don't know

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph or drawing of an oval-shaped object. Based on the text in the document, the observer was asked to draw a picture to show the shape of the object they saw. The instructions state "Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch views of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or flashing lights or anything unusual."

Text from the document:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes. It just suddenly disappeared.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes, it moved behind a cloud.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes, it moved in front of a cloud.
17a. Sound: It was silent
17b. Color: Silvery-gray
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object near the sighting, and answer this question: If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About one fourth of the object would have been covered by the match head.
19. [drawing of oval-shaped object]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a document page with a questionnaire about a reported UFO sighting.

OCR output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One): Yes / No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1,200 to 1,500 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One): Yes / No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/4 to 1/2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country-side
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes / No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes / No
b. Sun glasses Yes / No
c. Windshield Yes / No
d. Window glass Yes / No
e. Binoculars Yes / No
f. Telescope Yes / No
g. Theodolite Yes / No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.
A bright light coming straight down from the sky, turning and going back up into the sky.

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a sketch and instructions related to reporting UFO sightings. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the horizon where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the horizon to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document, likely an old UFO report form from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME Last Name First Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX 
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which could be pertinent. 
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting report.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 Day 112 Month 1964 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document containing a questionnaire related to observing an unidentified aerial object.

The text found in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on possible sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give may be useful in connection with any evaluation or follow-up that may be made, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11-8-65
Month Year

2. Time of day: 8:30
(Circle One): A.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): b. Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Carroll Park
Nearest Postal Address

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 Minutes
Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
b. Bright b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): b. In back of you

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 104, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF YOU SAW THIS OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull or dim, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: DISTANT AIRCRAFT SEEN BEFORE.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES / NO / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES / NO / Don't know
c. Suddenly appear and then disappear? YES / NO / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES / NO / Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES / NO / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES / NO / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES / NO / Don't know

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this page.

All text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Went iut
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered "Yes", it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered "Yes", it moved in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound Hissing
b. Color bright - silver - Metallic
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 3/4 the size of the match head
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing such things as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trail! Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a project blue book file.

Text extracted from the document:

UFO (TERM) person APR, Ohio h5,?33
7 January 1966

Terrace Park, Ohio

Dear [redacted],

A review of our November 1965 sightings indicates there insufficient information for a proper evaluation of our report. Would you please complete the attached UFD form and return them to our office in the envelope provided at your convenience.

Sincerely,

INSPECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5-6 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoor?

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In open countryside d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. Southeast f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 
24.3 Did you stop or only slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolits Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw: A metallic cigar shaped object about 1/2 the size of a full moon in the sky. Very bright and moving about 5-6 miles away from my location. No visible lights, jets or other appendages.

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, only a hand-drawn illustration and text. The illustration depicts a diagram with various angle measurements and a compass rose. The text accompanying the diagram provides instructions for the viewer to imagine a scenario and answer related questions.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve when you last saw
the object. Show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the curve when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, or "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or information form to be filled out.

Below is the text from the document, outputted as an OCR system:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
___ November 26, 1965_________________ 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
___ ___ ___ ___

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME _________ Last Name____________ First Name____________ Middle Initial____
ADDRESS _____ Street ____________ City ____________ State ___ Zip ______
TELEPHONE NUMBER _______________ AGE ___ SEX _______
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which may assist in the investigation:
I watch TV times near times on November 26, 1965 at approximately 9:30 PM. The object was bright in the sky an moved northeast in direction.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
___ November 26, 1965 ___ ________________ ___

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with some text and empty space for a respondent to provide information.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: __Z___Day __Month___ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document that is part of Project Blue Book, a historical program that investigated UFO sightings.

OCR text:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire is designed to obtain technical information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have reported. The information that you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any conclusions or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 18 NOV 1965
2. Time of day: 2:30 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? TERRACE PARK
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 Hours 2 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? CHILDRENS WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: b. NIGHT:
1. Bright 1. Bright
2. Cloudy 2. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at it:
a. To your left b. In back of you c. Overhead d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out regarding a UFO sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: 700 BRILLIANT ZiA PLAN. A STAR WOULD APPEAR

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Simply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 17 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

YES, BUT WENT OFF, APPARENT TO THE EAST OR NE, & DISAPPEARED

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES

16. Did the object move in front of or anything at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _____NO
b. Color ____SPARKLING BRIGHT WHITE

18. We would like to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known size of the object. If you had performed this experiment, approximately how much of the match head would the object have covered?

2 1/2 MATCH HEADS - ABOUT

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out questionnaire form. As per your instructions, I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? FASTER THAN 15

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 600 MILES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

RAYS FROM SERVICE LIGHTS BUT NO BEAM VISIBLE

- page 19 -

The image contains a compass-like diagram and sketch, but no photograph. The text is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "A" on the horizon where the object was above it horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object. When you last saw it, place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

30°
    75°
        60°

    45°
30°  
    15°

Compass diagram with directions labeled.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place a "A" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.  

(disappearance)

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
(Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.)

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name, First Name Middle 
ADDRESS Street Terrace Park City
TELEPHONE NUMBER Age 50 SEX M
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which RADAR OPERATOR

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire with some text fields.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 18 nov
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 22 -

