There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

P5B1
Pocatello, Id.
11 Nov. 1965
It is requested that I provide information-
concerning the sighting of an unidentified aerial
object observed on the night of 8 November 1965.
At approximately 7:00 p.m. (17:00) on the above
date, I was outside my home when I observed a bright
light in the northern sky. This light appeared to be
moving in a northerly direction at a very high rate
of speed. It continued in this direction for several
minutes, then changed course and headed in a westerly
direction. During the time I observed this object,
it exhibited a very rapid rate of speed and appeared
to be at a very high altitude. At no time did I
observe any sound emanating from the object.
20:41

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribed text:

Golightly Mr. Quern to District Engineer, USGS, Boise, Idaho
Mr. Ernest Harbert
District Engineer, USGS
Boise, Idaho
Dear Mr. Harbert:
On the evening of November 8, 1965, I observed a peculiar light in the sky above Pocatello, Idaho. This light was observed from approximately 7:00 PM to 9:00 PM Mountain Standard Time. The light appeared to be situated at a considerable height and its approximate position was located almost directly overhead, and slightly to the east of my location. The light appeared luminescent or self-luminous, and remained fixed in position throughout the observation period. It did not appear to move or change position or brightness during the time it was under observation.
At times, the light appeared to be surrounded by a reddish-orange glow or halo, but this condition was not constant and the halo appeared and disappeared at irregular intervals. The light itself remained essentially constant in its overall luminosity and color during the entire period of observation.
Visibility conditions were excellent and the sky was clear. There was no cloud cover or haze present that could have obscured or distorted the appearance of the light. The light was easily visible to the naked eye, and did not require optical assistance to observe.
I am a professional engineer employed by the United States Geological Survey, and I am reasonably familiar with the appearance of natural and man-made celestial objects. This light did not conform to the appearance of any familiar celestial body or known aircraft. Its peculiar characteristics and fixed position in the sky lead me to the conclusion that the light was of an unidentified nature.
I would appreciate any information you may be able to provide regarding this observation. Please let me know if you require any additional details.
Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
Golightly

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or report. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document.

Anytime, approxiametly 8:00 PM MST on Sept 20, 1965, a large object was observed in the sky about 5 miles SW of Pocatello, Idaho. It was observed for approxiametly 2 minute. The object was described as oval in shape, silver in color, and made no sound. It appeared to hover and then moved off rapidly to the NE. No other details were provided in the report.

- page 3 -

The image contains a handwritten document. There is no photograph present in this image. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

The image contains handwritten text that appears to be a report or description. It reads:

"The object was circular in shape and seemed to be glowing from within. It emitted no flame or exhaust and made no sound. It moved at a speed too fast to track by the eye. When it disappeared, there was a momentary brilliance, and then it was gone."

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image contains a document from the North American Air Defense Command regarding a UFO sighting.

HEADQUARTERS
NORTH AMERICAN AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
ENT AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO, 80912

AREA CODE 303
635-5211
EXT. 22648

1 DEC 1965

TO: NINT

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: 	Commander
Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

The attached letter was received at this headquarters on 22 November 1965, and is forwarded for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF:

ROBERT A. GIBSON 
Colonel, USAF
Executive, DCS/Intelligence

Idaho, 83210, 18 Nov 65

- page 5 -

