The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out project record form. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: September 65 02/0212
2. LOCATION: Yellow Springs, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: South
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Satellite (ECHO II)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object brighter than Polaris and moved very fast. Color was the same as a star and point. Object disappeared over the horizon.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Force Technical Information form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

1. When did you see the object?

2. Time of day:  HOURS MINUTES
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Sky. Why did you see it?
a. Day - Bright
b. Cloudy

5. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. Circle one: In front of me To my right To my left Behind me
b. To your right
c. To your left
d. Don't remember

The provided OCR output contains all the text from the image, which appears to be an Air Force technical information form related to a UFO sighting.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely containing a questionnaire or survey completed by an observer regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Raining or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Fuzzy, d. As a light

11. IF IT APPEARED TO BE A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. THE OBJECT WAS: (Circle One) a. Round or oval, b. Like a bright star, c. Irregular in shape, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes/No/Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes/No/Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes/No/Don't know
e. Flashed on and off? Yes/No/Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes/No/Don't know
g. Disappear or reappear? Yes/No/Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a filled-out Project Blue Book investigation report form.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you have performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or report.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the size of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what size would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. What was the location where you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest
24.2 What was your approximate speed? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window    Yes    No
e. Telescope    Yes    No
f. Theodolite    Yes    No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image contains a compass diagram and some instructions, but no photograph. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" where the object was first seen. Then show high the object was above the horizon (use the "elevation" scale). Place a "B" on the side you last saw the object. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "Y" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a document or form containing questions about a UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES / NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS: Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Day, Month, Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a questionnaire or report document, with a large blank space on the page.

54. Have you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

