The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of records related to the United States Air Force's investigations of unidentified flying objects.

PROJECT 100/3 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 September 65 04/03-42
2. LOCATION: Waynesville, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 Second
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEOR) V

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object streaking across the sky that looked like a shooting star. The object was a tail of brilliant light.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAPOIA/7284/20 Sep 65
SEP 20 1965

Dear Miss _____,

This is in reply to your letter regarding unidentified flying objects.

Your observation on 3 September 1965 is similar to many reports of sightings of unidentified flying objects.

The data which you presented on your first observation is insufficient to provide a firm identification. The Air Force uses a form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office so that an evaluation can be made.

In accordance with a report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force UFO project, this report contains information on this program since its origin in 1947. I hope this will be of interest to you.

The books by Donald Keyhoe are considered by the Air Force to be accurate fiction.

Sincerely,
JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing some kind of unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Described and seemed to hover then descended all way round. My mother suggested that it was an airplane, but it moved that out because of the speed and then moved around in a circular pattern. Whereas this takes slowly while one. It do not feel this was an hallucination because all five of us saw it and that our neighbor reported it to us. We saw that it move from south to north and where it disappeared.
The first of these was diming circles until midnight on various occasions.
Sincerely yours,

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, showing an envelope with a postmark and the address "Aerial Phenomena Branch, Pentagon, Washington, D.C.".

Text from the document:
Tampa, Florida 33614
9 SEP 1965
Aerial Phenomena Branch
Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Aerial Phenomena Division
Washington D.C.

Dear Sir:
We are writing to ask you if you would be so kind as to know if any of our investigators or any of the sightings belonging to the U.S.A.F. have ever been confirmed into actual satellite data which were considered of "greater" and have not thought much about it except momentarily.
On Saturday, September 4, at 7:30 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time an incident happened to make an immediate satellite light in the sky directly east. At first it seemed to be a star and found that it was not a star at all but a round object that appeared to be pushed out in the formation below it and found that it was smaller inside, told my parents and two brothers about it. My mother suggested it to be the satellite of some kind and above the clouds. We closed it and for not it could be maneuvered for it to travel from a position directly above and could see the whole of it. During the course of it, the formation of the light changed in shape and color.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image visible in this document. The document appears to be a typed letter or report from the Foreign Technology Division of the Air Force Systems Command, regarding a request for UFO information.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

Request for UFO Information

To: HQ USAF SAFOI (Mrs. Hunt)
Wash D.C. 20330

Reference the attached letter from Miss , requesting information on her unidentified flying object observation. The following is a summary of the report:

a. Dear Miss [redacted]

The objects which you sighted on the nights of 1 Sep and 6 Sep consisted of two large and fast travelling lights heading northeast. On 1 Sep the light was visible from 2130 to 2155. On 6 Sep the satellite-tracked elevation heading northeast. The apparent track of the lights as described by you.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

ERIC P. DE JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Biosystems

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Dear Miss _____,

The objects which you sighted on the nights of 4 and 6 September correspond with the passage of the satellite Echo II. The satellite was visible to the northwest at 8:07 p.m. at 7째 altitude on 4 September and to the northwest at 8:28 p.m. at 6째 altitude on 6 September. Echo II was visible to the north of Tampa at 8:07 p.m. at 7째 altitude and set at 8:28 p.m. at 6째 altitude. The motion and visible light characteristics of the satellite in flight is a common illusion as one light, in this case Echo II, passes another light, such as a star.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Directorate of Information
Systems, SAFOIR

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

On this page night, we saw an object so striking across the sky. It was first greed and shide but turned red and blue and we are not sure what the colors, but instead all we saw was a bright light and it only lasted just a second.

As for the data described or writing this letter, I would like very much to know more about what you might have to offer.

If you would give me some source that I might check into.

I would like to thank you very much for reading this letter, I feel the Air Force is making a great mistake by not telling the public a little more about these cases. As you can readily see, they certainly have news value and I think more people would take an active interest if they knew more facts.

Thank you.

Respectfully,

Waynesville, Ohio

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force.

The text in the document states:

September 7, 1965

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

About two years ago I bought a book by Donald Keyhoe. It was entitled "Flying Saucers are Real". As many other persons were, I was greatly impressed by this book and by these stories. As a result of these readings, I have become very much interested in the subject of flying saucers. I can about them whenever I can. 

About a year ago I was sitting outside when it happened to notice a very brilliant object in the sky. This object was whatever it had been, it was certainly not a star, the planet, or an airplane. I watched it for some minutes, and it seemed to be hovering. Suddenly, it took off at a terrific rate of speed, disappearing from sight in a very few seconds. This happened in the evening, and it was a very clear night, and I could see the object quite distinctly. I was very much impressed by what I had seen, and I have wondered about it ever since.

This was not the first time I have seen these objects. I have seen other similar objects on several occasions. I have been very careful to mention this to only a few persons, as I know that many people do not take this subject seriously.

I am writing to you to inquire if there is any information that I can obtain regarding these flying objects. I would very much appreciate any information or literature that you can send me on this subject. I shall be most grateful for any help that you can give me.

Sincerely yours,

- page 9 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the USAF's Foreign Technology Division regarding a UFO sighting in Waynesville, Ohio.

TDEN
UFO Sightings, Waynesville, Ohio
Hq USAF SAFOIDC (Mrs Hunt)
WASH D C 20330

We are in receipt of a letter from a citizen concerning her observation or report of a UFO sighting on 3 Sept 65 at 1045 pm which is similar to many reports which our project has received on occasions. Her previous observation of the object indicates that in our evaluation, it is suggested that an AF Form 164 be sent to her along with a 3" x 5" card for additional information that we require for a more complete evaluation. It is suggested that Mr Stanley Shuff of the Ohio Ground Observer's Corp be notified by the Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

- page 10 -

