The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, providing details about a sighting.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 May 1965 - 05/00Z

2. LOCATION: Piedmont, Alabama

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (BX)

7. COURSE: Confirmed

8. PHOTOS: Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Satellite (ECHO I)

The text indicates that the object observed was a Satellite (ECHO I) over Alabama, moving to the SE. It was described as a starlike object observed on the western sky rising overhead, observed through TC and Field glasses. The object was considered as a possible satellite.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Miss __________,

This is in response to your letter of 11 June 65 concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object reported to have occurred on the evening of 10 June 65 in the vicinity of Piedmont, Alabama.

The Office of Information Services, Headquarters United States Air Force has examined the details of the report submitted by you. The information provided indicates that the object sighted was a luminous phenomenon which appeared to be hovering and then rapidly ascending to a high altitude.

Based on this data, it is concluded that the sighting was of a natural phenomenon, probably a meteor or another astronomical occurrence, and did not involve an unidentified flying object of extraterrestrial origin.

I trust this information is responsive to your inquiry. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact this office.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch Division
Office of Information

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO sighting in Piedmont, Alabama on 4 May 1965.

Transcribed text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO                      
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Piedmont, Alabama, 4 May 65

TO: HQ USAF SAPOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
     Washington, D.C. 20330

We have received a letter from Mr. Robert Chambers, Identification Officer, Alabama Police Dept., which states that the object seen from the north-western sky to a point directly overhead did not conform to the visual characteristics of a military or commercial aircraft. The object was observed for a period of about 10-15 minutes, during which it showed no lights, did not disappear and the object actually disappeared to the northeast, then in about 10 minutes reappeared in the southwest and continued to the northeast.

Mr. Chambers does not feel that the object was ECHO I, she should fill out an 'UFO from 16' and return it to your office.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Countermeasures

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text.

The text in the document says:

BIRMINGHAM
PEGASUS I
809 SW 45 SE

ECHO 1
MOBILE, ALA.
11 MAY 59 8:02 PM
ECHO 11
NOT IN AREA THIS DATE

- page 4 -

The image contains a handwritten document, but there is no photograph present.

Here is the text from the document:

Office of Information 
Department of the Air Force
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Researcher:

Enclosed is a copy of the information available on the sighting you reported to us on May 8, 1965.

Details of Sighting:
Raymond E. Lee, Route 3, Piedmont, Alabama, reported seeing a bright light in the sky on May 8, 1965. He stated the object was about the size of a star and appeared to be hovering. It moved very slowly at times and then darted rapidly in various directions. It was visible for approximately 15 minutes.

The case has been reviewed and evaluated in accordance with Air Force Regulation 80-17. Based on the information available, no definite conclusion could be reached as to the possible identity of the object. The sighting remains in the category of "Unknown".

If you have any further questions, please feel free to write to this office.

Sincerely,
Project Blue Book
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a scanned image of an old envelope. The envelope is addressed to "Chief of Information" in Washington D.C. and has a postmark of "May 14, 1959" from "Piedmont, Alabama".

Text output from the document:

Office of Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C. 20330

UFO

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that appears to be from Project Blue Book.

Q.S. my Sergeant about this U.F.C. was directed to light and me, but I, of course, saw nothing.Naturally, anything that will result in further investigation on the part of the Colorado office is most welcome.

- page 7 -

