The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 055-55 11:02
2. LOCATION: Clarksburg, W. Virginia
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes
10. CONCLUSION: The object was described as a round, shiny object like the sun, reflecting on two different days in the same spot in the sky. No further details were provided.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The object was described as a round, shiny object like the sun, reflecting on two different days in the same spot in the sky.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Text output:

Dear Sir,

32-35 months as an Astrologer & numerologist I have a children astrologer which was a very, very close. I have made many articles as well as reading a that 30 September 1957 to 22 January 1958. I have made numerology & astrology prediction about Sputnik, Kennedy & other heppenings. I am sure you will be interested to know that I have made a very accurate predicted about Kennedy & how be was was asessinated. I have made many other very accurate prediction in the past. My services are available if you are interested. Let me know if you will be interested in having a personal reading or a professional consultation.

Sincerely yours,

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

(A) I have been on the toad with a director of a number of months last spring for the purpose of investigating a number of so-called unconventional aircraft which our country, our country, it appears, has had under observation for some time. We have heard a great deal of talk and comment about these objects, but very little actual data or information.

(B) My purpose in this report is to give you a brief summary of my findings and impressions during this investigation. I do not claim to have all the answers, but I believe I have uncovered some interesting facts which may be of value in evaluating this problem.

(C) It is my considered opinion that there is something to this UFO business - and that our air defense forces are facing a challenge which they do not fully understand or know how to cope with. This is not to say that I believe all the stories of flying saucers and men from Mars. On the contrary, I am quite skeptical of many of the wild tales that have been circulated. However, I am convinced that there is a kernel of truth in all this, and that we are dealing with phenomenon which do not fit into our present frame of reference.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, which appears to be a report or letter.

As requested, here is the text extracted from the document:

This what I could see. It was about 10 to 15 feet long, oval or round, reflecting the sky. It just hung there for a few minutes and then took off at a terrific speed, higher and higher, until it disappeared from view. I have no idea what it was, but it was certainly not a conventional aircraft. It made no noise and left no trail. I would not explain or identify something I could not be sure about. I am a retired, fairly well-known physicist, and if I had seen something at all clear or definite, I would certainly report it. But this was just a momentary sighting, and all I can say is that it was some kind of unknown object.

Yours Truly,
[REDACTED]

- page 4 -

