The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It shows a page from what seems to be an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text output:

35 APRIL 65 16/0632

3. SOURCE 
Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1 (one)

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 
3 - 5 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual-Radar  

7. COURSE
---

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED (SIGHTING)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object approached and passed aircraft, visual and radar contact. No sound was heard.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, specifically an "Extract from Duty Officer's Report" dated 15 April 1965.

Extract from Duty Officer's Report, 15 April 1965

At 2300 local received call from L/Cpl DeLoughary, 17th Bomb Wing, saying a UFO report from vicinity of Indianapolis, and confirmed by the project BLUE BOOK, where indicated as possibly needing attention. Object spotted in vicinity of Indianapolis, and confirmed by the C.F. tower of flying thing, apparently making a short dash toward Indianapolis, then returning to its original location, about 0230 to 0245 local. Very ill could continue TVA USAF LANDING (ABOUT 0230 HOURS) only a few minutes, because of lack of crew at the site. This might involve PROJRCT MOON DUST (USAF named). Project MOON DUST search ADEW (ASCT Moon) might be alerted as well. (U.S.A.F.) (ASCT MOON).

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out questionnaire form related to a UFO sighting report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force the information that they need regarding the object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give may assist us in conducting further investigation or analysis.
1. When did you see the object? 1940 - 1015
2. Time of day: 01 (Circle One)
3. Time zone: 1 Eastern 2 Central 3 Mountain 4 Pacific 5 Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near East 1 mile N of the Town
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration): 5 - 10 MINUTES
5.1 How did the object depart?
No very fast
6. What was the condition of the sky?
Bright 
Hazy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you? (Circle One) 
1. In front of you 2. To your left 3. To your right 4. Overhead 5. Behind you

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. A few, b. Many, c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full, b. Crescent, c. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent

11. If it appeared at a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. The edge of the object were (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No/Don't know, c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes/No/Don't know, d. Change brightness? Yes/No/Don't know, e. Change shape? Yes/No/Don't know, f. Disappear and reappear? Yes/No/Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes. For approximately 5 to 7 seconds.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. If moved behind: Don't Know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. In front of: Don't Know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: None. b. Color: Red, orange.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match at arm's length in line with a known standard. If you performed this experiment, how much of the object is covered by the head of the match? About 1/3 to 1/2 the length of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the object that you saw, and especially without trails or place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. (Drawing included)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form filled out by an observer of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES - 2,500 to 3,000 MPH NO

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES - 20 to 30 Miles NO

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) e. In an airplane (type) 15-135 

23. Were you (Circle One) e. Flying over a city?

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) b. Northeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? 200 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? YES

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: 
a. Binoculars Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes 
c. Telescope Yes
d. Windshield Yes
e. Other Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object(s) you saw. 
Disc type, 28 to 30 feet diameter, bright silver, very fast, no vapor trail

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing instructions and diagrams.

Output of the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the diagram where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "Y" on the diagram where the object was when you last saw it. Show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "Z" on the diagram where you last saw the object.

29. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the path.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 7 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which includes a form with various questions related to UFO sightings.

TEXT OUTPUT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.
A/3 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)      YES    NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)           YES    NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted] MI
ADDRESS [Redacted] Street, Fa. City, Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE 57 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be pertinent.
97

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
3 Day 5 Month 1965 Year

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains a questionnaire form. The text on the form includes the question "24. Date you completed this questionnaire:" followed by a date field, and question "35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific  questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting."

24. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 Ace Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 9 -

