The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a form or document with various fields filled out, likely related to a Project Blue Book UFO report.

DATE - TIME SIGHTED: 7-25-64
LOCATION: Centerville, Ohio
SOURCE: Civilian
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 minutes
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
COURSE: 00000-099
PHOTOS: No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

CONCLUSION: The document indicates that a civilian observed a UFO sighting in Centerville, Ohio on July 25, 1964. The sighting lasted for 2-3 minutes, but no photographs were taken and no physical evidence was found. The conclusion section is left blank.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing only text and no visual elements.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

Dated for the record: 21 Jul 65.

"The object entered the field of vision, stopped, and was observed for approximately one minute. It then continued on its course, traveling across the sky, fast to SE. Second object was about 3 miles traveling east or NE.

Informed him that reports it on he was moved up and was quite confused on the direction, etc. So we suggested send/mail on form 164.  He will fill it out. Has requested that his name not be released."

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, likely related to a Project Blue Book UFO report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force the information about any UFO sighting you may have had. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used in connection with our current project or any future evaluations. We request that you do not discuss or publish this personal information without our permission. We assure this personal information will not be used for any other purpose.
1. What did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone: (Circle one): a. Central b. Mountain c. Pacific d. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration):
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY - a. Hazy b. Cloudy
NIGHT - a. Bright b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no human face visible in the image.

Text from the document:

6. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
6.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Bright
c. Dimmer
d. Less numerous

6.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

7. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared in the NIGHT, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

11.1 Estimate the apparent size in comparison to some common object:
[Handwritten text: Appeared about the size of a basket ball approximate 40 feet away height, moved straight up and hovered for about 2 minutes, then moved out of sight extremely rapid.]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clear, sharp
c. Flickering
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and then slow down? Yes No Don't know
c. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with handwritten answers.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Answers: [handwritten] No, the object did not disappear while I was watching it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Answers: Yes.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Answers: Yes.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - [handwritten] none
b. Color - [handwritten] white, brilliant 

18. We wish to know the angular size (held a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object). If you had performed this a determination, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Answers: [handwritten] size of object appeared to be about the size of a match head when held at arms length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any of the object that you saw, such as wings, projections, etc. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten sketch showing an arrow pointing to an elliptical shape.]

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with various questions and response options related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. OUTDOORS d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of b. In the residential section? c. In open country/field? d. Near an airport? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. East b. West c. North d. Northeast e. Northwest f. Southeast g. Southwest h. North

24.2 How fast were you moving? mph

24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses (Yes) (No) b. Sun glasses (Yes) (No) c. Windshield (Yes) (No) d. Window glass (Yes) (No) e. Binoculars (Yes) (No) f. Telescope (Yes) (No) g. Theodolite (Yes) (No) h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.

- page 6 -

The image contains two sketch diagrams. The first diagram appears to be an illustration of how an object was observed in the sky, with the viewer's perspective marked as a "B" and the object's location described relative to the horizon. The second diagram appears to be a compass rose or navigation diagram, potentially used to illustrate the motion or trajectory of the observed object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "x" on the object where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the point where you were when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and in what direction they seemed to be moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
The UFO is described as appearing to be flying very fast, like a jet.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
YES, NO

31.1 If yes, who were they and did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES, NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 15 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which you feel is pertinent to this report.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: August 31 Month: Year: 1965

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3-7-65
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questions of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: 
at conply and to completely at the cler being of the sky.

- page 9 -

