There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a filled-out Project 10073 Record form.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 29 October 63 - 2:50:00 PM
2. LOCATION: Wheeling, W.Va.
10. CONCLUSION: (UNCLASSIFIED REPORT) Probable sighting of Venus. Possible meteorite or comet, no definite conclusion.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Bright silvery lighted objects - Cylinder shape with domes several thousand feet in altitude, observed in south, course southeast, no sound or discernible in flying saucer.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an "AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" form that was used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomenon sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This form is to be used for recording and transmitting information concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes and your name will not be used in connection with any statements, publications, or publications - with your permission. information to be collected on this person is entirely for the purpose of determining the nature of the unidentified aerial phenomena.
1. When did you see this object?
Day: 11 
Month: 8
Year: 65
2. Time of day: 12:30 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: RFD Box 195 City or Town: Wheeling State or County: West Virginia 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
Hours: 30 Minutes: 0 Seconds:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not sure
5.1 How was the object first determined?
Object was not determined further
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes x No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Bright
b. Cloudy
a. Bright
b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a survey form with various questions about the observed object and the weather conditions at the time.

Here is the text found in the document:

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright starlight
b. A few
c. Many remember
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
...

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or report.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object disappeared very slowly, gradually fading out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Totally silent
b. Color: Silvery white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
A match head would have covered about 4-5 degrees of the UFO's angular size.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate their relative sizes.
The witness has provided a hand-drawn sketch showing the UFO as a rounded, disc-shaped object.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness to a UFO sighting.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (150)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (1/3 mile)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. Outdoors
c. In an airplane (type)
d. At sea 
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) 
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (150)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (1/3 mile)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Outdoors
c. In an airplane (type)
d. At sea
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No) 
d. Window glass Yes (No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a UFO report document that appears to include a sketch or diagram and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "X" on the compass view to show where you first saw this object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were grouped, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or date and location.
4 Aug G 557 65

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 (If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME [Redacted] 
LAST NAME [Redacted]
MIDDLE NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
CITY [Redacted] 
STATE [Redacted] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 45 SEX F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Lived in Wheeling for 30 yrs. Believe in UFOs, saw one in 1957.

34. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2 Aug 65 - Air Force, P.O. Box 570

- page 7 -

