The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a report documenting a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 June 65 16/04:52
2. LOCATION: Wayzatta, Minnesota 
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 45 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Not Reported
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes
FTD FORM 0-329 (TDE) - Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a MEMO ROUTING SLIP with information related to a UFO sighting in Wayzata, Minnesota on June 15, 1965.

Text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO: Maj USAF (SAPOI-CC)
SUBJECT: INFO RECEIVED FROM AIR FORCE COMMAND POST 

Information received from Air Force Command Post, information that a UFO was observed on 15 Jun 65 in Wayzata, Minnesota. Request your office send me an FTD Form 165 to fill out.

FROM: DD ST DS
DATE: 16 Jun 65
SYMBOL: 652216

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed letter from the Department of the Air Force addressed to "Mrs. -----" in Wayzatta, Minnesota, dated June 21, 1965. The letter acknowledges the receipt of a "UFO Form 16" which was used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. The letter states that the form was filled out as fully as possible and returned to the office.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

- 21 June 1965

Dear Mrs. -----,

Attached is AFD Form 16* which is used for 
reporting observations of unidentified flying objects 
to the Air Force. In order for the Air Force to 
conduct an investigation as thoroughly as possible, 
the form should be filled out as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,

SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information Services

*Attn: AFD Form 16

Mrs. -----
Wayzatta, Minnesota

- page 3 -

The image contains a form for a UFO sighting report from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information. There is no photograph present in this image.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information regarding the unidentified object(s) observed by you. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any conclusions or publication, unless you specifically authorize it. This document is for further reference.

1. When did you see the object?
June 9, 1965
Year

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Wayzata, Minn.
City or Town
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15 Minutes
Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Overcast d. Raining/Snowing  
b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Overcast d. Raining/Snowing
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at it?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. The image appears to be a questionnaire or survey form with questions and multiple choice answers related to the observation of an unidentified object in the sky.

Transcribed text from the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. A bright star
c. Any moon
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Semi-transparent
d. As a light - a glow

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Little bright rim c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  YES  NO  Don't know
b. Move at a steady speed?  YES  NO  Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?  YES  NO  Don't know
d. Give off smoke?  YES  NO  Don't know
e. Change shape?  YES  NO  Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?  YES  NO  Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?  YES  NO  Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a questionnaire and space for handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? Yes. No. Don't know. If you answered 'Yes', it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes. No. Don't know. If you answered 'Yes', it moved in front.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color: [no text]
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing such things as wings, projections, etc. and especially indicate trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it is a page from an old UFO report document with questions and answer choices.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
    Yes
    No
    IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
    Yes 
    No
    IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the air
    b. In the residential section
    c. In open country-side
    d. Near an airfield
    e. Flying over open country
    f. Other  

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
    24.1 What direction were you moving in? (Circle One)
        a. North
        b. Northeast
        c. East
        d. Southeast
        e. South
        f. Southwest
        g. West
        h. Northwest
    24.2 How fast were you moving?
        miles per hour
    24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object?
        Yes
        No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses
    b. Sun glasses
    c. Windshield
    d. Window glass

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.

- page 7 -

This image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch shows an illustration with a compass rose, as well as instructions for the viewer to imagine a high-altitude object and draw a picture that shows the motion of the object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the sketch to show the direction on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a UFO report document. 

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - [Redacted] 
ADDRESS - [Redacted] WAYZATA 
TELEPHONE NUMBER - [Redacted]
AGE - [Redacted] SEX - E
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Astronomy Student

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
April 6 1965
To Air Force

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

2-145 - 2230 at the time
2 objects 1 long 1 oval
slightly smaller than car directly overhead
slighty smaller than car overhead light was like
WAYZATA, MINNESOTA

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 - 18 - 65
Day - Month - Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Twin objects - 1 large
About 15 - 20 ft, 
Slight maneuvering movement.
No lights were seen to the object.

- page 11 -

