The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a series of studies conducted by the United States Air Force to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2. LOCATION: Clovis, California
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
10. CONCLUSION: Satellite (DOGEX)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object observed to be solid, Initial appearance change from green flickers, then to reddish sparks. Satellite debris or part of satellite motion characteristic for this time period and location.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 - 30 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground - visual
7. COURSE: Uniform
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes X No
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, containing only text.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern Gee University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Allen:

Reference the attached UFO report from 5 August 1960: A check with SPADATS revealed no satellite decays during the time mentioned.

Sincerely,
VICTOR TRIANTAFELLU, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

Department of Defense
Office of Public Information
Washington 25, D.C.

U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet

When did you see the object? 9 August 1965
Time of day: About 10:00 p.m. Pacific Daylight Savings Time.
Where were you when you saw the object? 2501 East Avenue, Clovis, California.
Estimate how long you saw the object. I'm fairly certain it was about 30 minutes.
What was the condition of the sky? No trace of daylight.
What did you notice about the object's starting and stopping? The moon was in its first quarter, the object was below and to the left of the constellation Cassiopeia.
The brightness was like that of an automobile headlight several blocks away.
Did the object:
A. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
B. Suddenly speed up at any time and rush away? No
C. Get brighter or dimmer? Remain constant
D. Change direction, or pulsate? No
Did the object move behind something at any time? Yes, the street light.
Did the object move in front of anything? No.
The object appeared solid.
I used no instruments to observe the object.

Sounds: None.
Color: It was like a Fourth of July sparkler. It changed from green to white flickering sparks, to red flickering sparks.
The edges of the disk were rather hazy.
There was only one object.
I'm fairly certain the disk was about the size of a baseball at arm's length.
How did the object disappear from view? It faded as it moved horizontally.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document that contains only text.

Transcription of the text:

Where were you located when you saw the object? Outdoors, in the residential section of the city.
What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? North.
What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? North.
What were the weather conditions at the time? Clear, cool, dry, no wind.
What did you observe the object do? It hovered, and then accelerated out of sight.
Was anyone with you at the time you saw the object? No, but there was another witness, an off-duty air force man at the traffic terminal also sighted something.
The object was shaped something like a flying saucer, with underbelly lights. It was hovering at about 5,000 feet, and left in about 3 seconds. It travelled in a southwest direction at terrific speed. The UFO was examined by a photo-interpreted and pronounced as unknown saucer-shaped object. Other color descriptions: It was greyish-white and seemed to be made of a metallic-like material.
What do you think the object was? It could have been a "space junk" launched by the U.S. or the Soviet Union.
Do you think you can estimate the speed or distance of the object? No.
Please give the following information about yourself:
Name: Redacted
Address: Clovis, California 93612
Telephone: Redacted
Present Job: Student.
Any special educational training: Grade school, High school.
Age: 15
Sex: Male.
Date questionnaire completed: 8 August 1965.
The form was this questionnaire was taken from the book "Flying Saucers and the U.S. Air Force", by Major Donald E. Keyhoe, (1953).

- page 4 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting the constellation Ursa Major. There does not appear to be a photograph present in this page of the document.

Text extracted from the document:

Reason for sighting: Recently I became more interested in astronomy than usual. As I was gazing I perceived to notice a white round object below the constellation Ursa Major. As I moved it it disappeared behind the street light glare. When it reappeared it traveled for a little then it suddenly became brighter. Then below this I saw the object with green, and red sparks as marked in that order.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a hand-drawn sketch with annotations.

Text from the document:

A - when I first saw it
B last saw it above
IMAGINE I WAS A THIS POINT SHOW
The man at the arc was jet or plane

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a UFO report document. The text on the image is as follows:

Dear Sirs:
This has not been the first sighting recently in the va (San Joaquin Valley) . Just the day before this sighting ther was an UFO over Merced, Calif. My sighting was also repor-:ed to the Air Force . I was told by a friend to send this to you all. He said that a nan at the Fresno Air Terminal Tower also saw th The man at the airport said that it was not an arc that a pl would make.

Yours sincerely,

- page 7 -

