There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book record, containing a filled-out Project ICUFO Record form.

OCR Text Output:

8 December 65
Tangent, Oregon
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
will evaluate when 16i is returned
Observer noticed a very unusual red glow on the horizon northwest of his location. He watched this object for some time, until it appeared to move directly toward him and then disappear straight up. Later, the red glow returned, with the object seeming to spread out and become diffused. The object was close headed in her direction, but she lost sight of it at the same time. She believes location to be possible refractor in the sky. The object appeared to move about the area for a while and then fade away.
No
Yes

FTO FS#:43-0329 (TDE) Previoua aimber of this form amy be

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from Doctor Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF, Chief, Project Blue Book, addressed to a person in Tangent, Oregon. The letter acknowledges the recipient's observation of 3 unidentified objects on December 3, 1965, and thanks them for reporting their observation to the Air Force.

Text extracted from the document:

PTD (MDEV)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
January 11, 1966

Mr. Tangent, Oregon

Dear Mr. ______,

Reference your unidentified observation of 3 December 1965.
The information which you reported has been placed in our files
and return it in the envelope provided. 

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF 
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document that appears to be a report or summary of an incident related to the Air Force Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

TANGENT, OREGON
December 22, 1965
Summary of the Air Force
Office of Information
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Six miles west of Tangent, Oregon. About 2 thousand people live in Tangent, most of these people were out of their homes for some reason, why I don't know, and what I saw, I would call a saucer of some kind. It hovered about 150 feet off the ground, the object was round and silver in color. It seemed to be about 30 feet in diameter. It was not making any noise and I could see no protrusions of any kind. The object hovered for several minutes and then suddenly disappeared.

I notified a very unusual and clear report the object which I saw, in the story, similar to the red glare which for some time now has been observed upon our farm and neighbors the home. On this evening, however, the red glare was more distinctive to those who witnessed it. When the saucer or object suddenly disappeared, the red glare had also ended.

While it, I was absolutely convinced to see a half-circular, bright, silver-like object. This vision was clear and distinct. At the same time, a girl friend who was with me at the time also witnessed the object. She was as astounded as I was at the unusual sight. Frankly, I do not know if her name or not the name of Cora, a girl who claims to be seventeen years old and who may have been a relative of mine. However, this young girl, from what I understand, had also witnessed the object. I have made no effort to interview her or to obtain any further information concerning her observation. Perhaps she did not see the object as clearly or as distinctly as we did.

Believe it or not, this is the facts as I know them. Apparently the object appeared in several places around the house and then suddenly it disappeared. No one else had apparently seen it at the time it was visible to us. I am willing to discuss this further with you, but I do not know what this was. If you do not know, I shall be happy to hear from you. For this is what I saw, and this is the honest truth.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects. The text visible in the image reads:

Secretary of the Air Force
Office of Information
Washington, D. C.

- page 4 -

