The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1960s. The document is a Project 10973 record with various fields completed, such as the date, location, source, objects, length of observation, type of observation, and physical evidence.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27/8/65 - 2135
2. LOCATION: Middletown, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. OBJECTS: 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: TWO HOURS 4-33
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual (LX)
7. COURSE: To NE
8. DESCRIPTION: Object (CARTOON) about 15 to 30 ft. in diameter orange-reddish glow that oscillated, pulsated and flashed at times. Object was 10-15 deg. elevation. Faded twice during observation. 
9. CONCLUSION: After careful analysis of an analysis, there is insufficient evidence to conclude that the observed phenomenon was or was not of extra-terrestrial origin.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: An object was observed with a reddish-orange glow that oscillated, pulsated, and flashed at times. It was at an elevation of 10-15 degrees. The object faded twice during the observation period of 2 hours and 4-33 minutes.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page discusses a reported UFO sighting and provides details about the incident.

Flying Objects
(Continued from page 1)

The report tells the story of a sighting of a bright, rapidly moving object through binoculars by a witness at approximately 12:05 a.m. The object was described as being round and approximately the size of a basketball, with a red and white spinning light. The object was said to have changed direction abruptly at one point. The report mentions that several other witnesses, including some children, also observed the object. The witness reported the incident to the local police.

- page 2 -

The image contains no photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

ORANGE COUNTY POST
Republican Roundup At Orange Inn; Vs. Charles Brooks Lauded By Monroe Republican Committee
The Town of Monroe Republican Committee held its annual organizational meeting September 18. Charles Brooks, chairman, stated to the committee that what he would like is a candidate of the Republican Party in the ensuing election. He submitted the name of Alex M. Smith, Jr. as Chairman, and Mr. Smith was unanimously elected to that post of Executive Committee Member. 
On motion of John Glazier, it was unanimously resolved as follows:
WHEREAS, Charles Brooks has faithfully served the Republican Party in the Town of Monroe, he one of the few who for forty years, the Town of Monroe Republican Committee faithfully acknowledged the past successes and sacrifices of Charles Brooks, and does hereon go on record in resolutions of thanks for the past efforts of Mr. Brooks and does further respectfully request that he continue to devote his talents and energies to the interests of the government and the community,
Obituaries
Paul Stewart Dey, the infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Dey of Ash town, died on September 24. The infant was hospitalized 13 days in St. Luke's Hospital on September 11.
Miss Elizabeth Bowen, a lifelong resident of Monroe died on September 28, in Goshen Hospital at the age of 93 years. She was the daughter of the late David and Mary Bowen. Miss Bowen lived in Monroe 92 years.
Mrs. LaFarge, Mrs. Lufiens Named to Grange Offices
Chester Grange were also elected last week. They were: Chester LaFarge, Master; Mrs. Agnes Lufiens, Overseer; Mrs. Esther King, Treasurer; and Mrs. Ethel McMahon, Secretary. Harriet LaFarge and Walter Durland were elected to the Executive Committee.
Random Opens Campaign
James P. Laddin, Jr., Republican candidate for Supervisor of the Town of Monroe, formerly served as a Chairman of the Republican party in that town, proposes that the Town of Monroe should produce 2,000 more voting strength, and in order to accomplish this, he would provide 1,000 parcels of land, house trailer sites he said, for the following reasons:
1. In order to gain equitable assessments.
2. To improve schools and increase industrial growth.
3. To increase ratables for the town. He said, that 2,000 more voters would be much more preferable to the town and county than land subdivisions and more houses.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document page from a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4602D AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12554

OFFICIAL BUSINESS

1 October 1965

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: HQ AFSC (TDEW)

The attached UFO report is submitted in accordance with para 13b, Change A to AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN L. JOHNSON, III, Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Operations & Training Division

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will proceed to transcribe the text from the document:

A. Description of Object
1. Shape: Circular, disk shape with a dome on bottom.
2. Size: Silver dollar in length in diameter
3. Color: Off object - none; however, flashing green, red and white were seen with a possibility of blue, as well.
4. Number: 1
5. Formation: N/A
6. Features or details: dome on underside, light rotating as a base
7. Tail or exhaust - none seen.
8. Sound: none
9. Other features: none

B. Description of course
1. First called attention to object by wife.
2. Angle of object when first observed: 30° to 40° above horizon.
3. Angle of disappearance - did not disappear - when he left it at 10-15° above horizon in northwest.
4. Flight with no appreciable movement, several large stars were seen near object.
5. How did the object disappear? Faded twice. Observer thought caused by atmosphere still visible when he went inside.
6. How long visible? Observed for 1 1/2 hours to 3 hours.

C. Manner of Observation
1. Ground - visual, air visibility is being checked and to you if able to obtain.
2. Optical aids: 30 power binoculars "Bausch & Lomb".
3. Airborne - unknown at this time.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

D. Time and date of sighting:
1. Actual time group 0045-0230, 27 Sep 65.
2. Night

E. Location: 41° 26' 35" N 74° 25' 40" W. In yard of Middletown, N.Y.

F. Mr. [redacted], age 38, Middletown, N.Y. Manager of Prudential Insurance Corp. Good
Mrs. [redacted], age 32, same address. Wife, Good
Mr. [redacted], Middletown, N.Y. (unable to confirm)
Mr. [redacted], Orange County Post, Editor. See Atch 2.

G. Weather:
1. Clear, still night.
2. AWS, SWF. Ground winds 300/04 Temp 12°C Vis: 10-15 miles, scattered clouds. Dew point 8°C.
3. ALBANY: 750
4. 6000' 300/15 +07°C
5. 10,000 260/20 -02°C
6. 15,000 260/45 -08°C
7. 20,000 250/55 -12°C
8. 30,000 250/65 -40°C
9. 50,000 250/79 -63°C

H. Unusual activity. Cold front at surface.

I. Aircraft were reported near object.

J. No new available.

K. Roger B. Tyrrell, 1st Lt USAF, 4713th Def Sq Eval Sq

- page 6 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a historical document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page discusses physical evidence related to an unidentified object or light sighting, mentioning that the "lighting could be a reflection of some upper limit," and that the "length of time observed seems to possibly indicate an object of relatively large size." The text also refers to "Attachments 1 and 2," which are not visible in this image.

Here is the text output from the document:

These people saw an object or light refraction of unknown cause. The no reports of any airborne sighting although Hugenet Vortex is in the of object striking that various Vortex  in the intersection of several jet a length of time observed seems to possibly indicate an object of relatively large size. The sighting could be a reflection of sun's upper limit; however, would indicate reversed image.

L. Physical Evidence: See Attachments 1 and 2.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text and graphics. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

WASHINGTON VILLE, New York, Thursday, September 30, 1965

Flying Saucer People Say 

Orange County Reports UFO Objects; Air Force 
New Patrolman Named in Village of Chester

CHESTER, (OCP) - A part time patrolman has been added to the Chester village police force. 

Donnie J. Risby, of Warwick, was sworn in and has been on duty since Thursday of last week.

No specific schedule has been established. Risby will work as needed, according to the present force.

Risby is also employed by the Sheriff's department in Goshen and is familiar with police work.

WASHINGTONVILLE LIONS hear Orange County Fire Coordinator Douglas R. Kastelic, speak at their September meeting Tuesday night. Also guest of the Lions Club was Chief of the Mounted Police Station C.C. Love.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old newspaper or newsletter, featuring text and headlines.

ORANGEVILLE
WHERE FARM AND INDUSTRY BLEND
Washingtonville, New York, Thursday, September 30, 1965

INVITATION TO PARENTS
The first meeting of the Taft
School Unit of the George Washington-PTA will be held on Monday, October 4 at 8 p.m. at Taft School,
Tuckahoe Road, Washingtonville.
This is a special invitation to par-
ents of children attending Taft
School and Blooming Grove Church
Parish classes to attend.

Flying Saucer People Say

Orange County Residents Objects; Air Force Officer
New Patrolman Named
In Village of Chester
CHESTER (CP) - A part time police patrolman has been added to the Chester police force.
Dominic J. Berry, of Warwick, was sworn in and began his duties. He will work permanently twenty hours a week.

WASHINGTONVILLE LIONS hear Orange County PTA Coordinator Douglas Kinney report on their successful dance at their recent meeting. The Lions Club was host to the March Police Melvin Coe, Lt. Troopers of the New York State Police.

PTA Unit Hosts
Central Hudso

The George Washington PTA Unit
hosts the Central Hudson Parent-Teacher Association at a special meeting on October 4 at 8 p.m. in the Taft School.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a scanned page from a document or report. The page is filled with text, which I will transcribe below.

Guinan

Flying Saucers
(Continued from page 1)

Shortly after 7:30 PM, Monday, September 6, 1965, two sightings of lights in the sky were reported to the civilian police, and to the New York Air National Guard. The lights were said to resemble bright stars and were traveling across the sky. They did not move at one point for about 10 to 15 minutes. These lights were seen simultaneously by several witnesses in the area of Middletown, New York.

The local police contacted a nearby Air Force radar installation, but were unable to get any information from them regarding the objects. The Air National Guard also made inquiries but were told that the objects were not picked up on their radar screens.

Several witnesses who were on the ground watching the lights said the lights resembled the strobe lights on a jet aircraft. But the objects did not make the characteristic noise of a jet, nor did they appear to be traveling at jet speed. The witnesses said the lights were traveling in a somewhat erratic course, "darting" back and forth across the sky.

The lights were observed for about an hour, when they suddenly disappeared from view. No aircraft or stars were observed in the area at the time.

The description of the lights given by the witnesses would seem to indicate the possibility that they were seeing some type of unconventional aerial craft, rather than conventional aircraft or celestial objects.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old Project Blue Book report. As instructed, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document:

Flying Objects
(Continued from page 1)
As the object continued, its speed increased and it moved up and down in the sky. Then the object stopped suddenly and seemed to hover for a while. While hovering, the object appeared to expand and contract in size. After a short time, it sped away rapidly out of sight.
Wayne said the lights prompted the changing and varying in color. At times the object appeared to be a bright white light. At other times it seemed to be red or blue-green in color.
Watching the object in a sort of circular motion as it moved, Wayne and the others said it was difficult to estimate its exact size. However, they stated that at its apparent largest point, the object seemed to be the size of a car, about 25 feet in diameter.
After observing the object for 20 to 25 minutes, some of the neighbors called other persons living nearby to come and see it. Several other people came out and also observed the object. However, Wayne said that after they arrived, the object moved away and disappeared.
Wayne said that after the object had gone, he would discuss the object with the neighbors to see if they had also seen the same thing. Most of the neighbors said they had observed the same object and described it in much the same way.
Wayne said he had an interest in the subject of unidentified flying objects and had done some reading on the subject. When he observed the object at length, he felt it was definitely not an airplane, helicopter, star, planet or any other known object.
Monday night, Wayne again saw the object and reported it moved overhead and then appeared to stop and hover for a time. He said it then sped away rapidly as before.
What, if anything, the object may have been is not known. Neighbors who saw it were unable to offer any explanation for what they observed.

- page 11 -

