The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a report from July 2, 1965 regarding an observation at the Gunneson National Monument in New Mexico. There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is the text from the document, produced using optical character recognition (OCR):

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2 July 65 03/06002

2. LOCATION
Gunneson National Monument, N. M.

3. SOURCE
Military & Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
21z-22z, East

8. PHOTOS
None

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

10. CONCLUSION
Satellite (ECHO I)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object like a star size-gauging across the sky and disappearing over the horizon to the south. Exact white. Also varied speed. General direction West to East. Initial observation at 75 deg. At 10:10 PM on 2 July at 10:25 PM the satellite ECHO I was over Gunnison from the SW moving from SW to NE and apparent changes in speed attributed to atmospheric conditions as it faded out.

FTD 23 p 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Headquarters
Air Force Special Weapons Center
Air Materiel Command
United States Air Force
Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: SVD

SUBJECT: U.P.O.

TO: FTD (ETCP)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Attn: Capt Quintanilla

The attached form was received by the undersigned and is forwarded to you for your information.

Paul F. Barron
PAUL F. BARTON
Major, USAF
Chief, ISC

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a project blue book report, containing a form with questions about the observation of an unidentified object.

a. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first sighted: 75° elevation
c. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: Eastern horizon  
d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Zig zag course, varying speed
f. How long (were) the object(s) visible?: Fifteen minutes
3. Manner of Observation:
a. Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic, (if electronic, specify type of radar)
b. Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof:

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO questionnaire document.

UFO QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Description of the Object(s):
a. Shape: Bright Star/round
b. Size compared to a known object (Use one of the following terms: large, small, medium): small, smaller than a dollar bill
c. Color: White
d. Number: One
e. Formation, if more than one: -
f. Any discernible features or details: None
g. Tail, trail or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
h. Sound, if heard, describe sound: None
i. Other pertinent or unusual features: Zig zag path/ varying speed, general direction constant was to east

2. Description of Course of Object(s):
What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Star visible and appeared in the upper.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft;/identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station:
N/A

Time and Date of Sighting:
a. Zulu time-date group of sighting 0600; 3 July 1959
b. Light conditions (use one of the following terms: Night, dawn, dusk)
Night

Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude
The south rim camp ground of Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Monument

Identifying Information on Observer(s):
a. Civilian - Name: age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability:
Mr. Dearborn, Dearborn, Michigan/Salt Miner (He sounded sincere and interested.)
b. Military: Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability:
Lt. Col. William P. Ault, 4324 Missouri Street, New Iberia, Louisiana/USAF (Ret.) 054-15

Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
Clear/20 wind

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official business envelope or document used by the United States Air Force.

The text on the image is as follows:

APRIC (13-7-1) 
Kirkland AFB, N.M.

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

HQ (CFT-FC) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 
Attn: Capt Onstandilia

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID

- page 6 -

