The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5 January 65 31/0415Z
2. LOCATION: Hinton, Oklahoma
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Multiple 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10-15 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Unknown
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: BIRDS
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Initial impression of a falling star in flight, then realized that the object was not falling but horizontal flight and descend to about 1000 ft. The object emitted a green light that 1-2 seconds would have. About 60 deg or less in elevation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely containing a questionnaire or report form.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No.
Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
Please enter names and addresses:
[Redacted]
Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 21 SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be relevant.
When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 -/-- 1965
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

On 11/1/64 at 8:30 pm cst I saw a flying object of about the size of a car at low level and quickly through. We had seen something in similar fashion a few nights before but lost it. This time we watched it come in from the west about mile distant and traveled in a straight line across our field of vision for about 60-75 seconds before disappearing into the east. Its motion was smooth and the lights very bright and constant. They were not blinking. The lights were of various colors including white, red and blue. The object appeared to be elongated and rectangular in shape. This is about the best I can describe it. If you need any additional information, please let me know.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a sketch and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

There were at least 2 objects observed, and the witness described the direction and distance that the objects were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from the Department of the Air Force addressed to "Mr. [Redacted]" regarding a recent UFO report submitted by the recipient. The letter requests a drawing of five lights observed, as described in the attached UFO report form 164. The letter is dated March 31, 1963 and is signed by a Chief, Civil Branch, Commander, Information Division, Office of Information.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MAR 3 1 1963

Dear Mr. [Redacted],

Reference is made to the recent UFO report which you submitted to the Air Force.

In Section 22 of UFO Form 164 (copy attached), you drew a picture of five lights. Were these lights evenly spaced? If so, what is your estimation of the distance between the lights?

This information is needed in order to evaluate the report.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
Chief, Civil Branch
Commander, Information Division
Office of Information

Hinton, Oklahoma

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Hinton, Oklahoma, 30 Jan 65

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
WADS D C 20330

This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from one of your field activities. Your field representative requires a picture of these lights. We would like to know if these lights are evenly spaced, which indicates a controlled device, or irregularly spaced, which would suggest they are separate lights.
If the information suggest you send the attached portion of his form.

FOR THE COMMANDER

LEROY J. WOODRUFF, Maj., USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Embryology

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be an old document from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University, dated April 29, 1965, and addressed to Major Hector Quintanilla of the Foreign Technology Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio.

The text of the document is as follows:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
Evanston, Illinois
29 April 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 2704
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

The following is a report on the Hinton, Oklahoma case of April 25.

I called on Sunday afternoon, April 25 and was able to get him immediately. 

The answer is probably birds, but he is going to redo the logbook experiment of seeing a light in town (Hinton, population 1000) which is about a mile to the east. This light was bright in the sky March 9 and he thinks it might be the same thing. He said that he just never thought of that. He felt that they would have to be quite close to be birds, and it turns out they would have to be around three hundred yards away. He said that he could see a car from fifty feet off. Furthermore, there was a star-like a hundred and fifty feet off. There were the lights (white steady) that he didn't explain, but he feels there were various smaller lights that were first spotted west of him so it would have been actually a mile west of town where the lights were first noticed. 

He is a Boy Scout and so somewhat familiar with astronomy, and I asked whether the lights were brighter or dimmer than the stars. The reply was that the lights were brighter, but they were a creamy white color, off white like the lights you get from an old painted ceiling.

Although sixteen years old, he seemed to be quite a steady lad, unemotional and familiar with what he thinks he saw. There was a girl with him, but there was no evidence that her presence influenced what he reported. It was familiar with the fact that birds might be flying around at that season.

He asked me a question about flying saucers, indicating that he had a picture of a UFO by somebody named --- . What is the situation on that primary? He will send up a copy of the Oklahoma sights with the results of his kite experiment.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
Director

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: AFDO Bulletin, Mar & Apr 65

Concord, New Hampshire:
A resident in this city reported that his motor lights and radio of his car failed after a "strange object" making a humming noise flew over between Wilmont and Enfield. In Manchester, N.H. a resident reported his TV stopped a "mystery object" with a humming sound hovered over his house.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a newsletter titled "Saucer News" published by the Saucer and Unexplained Celestial Events Research Society.

NON-SCHEDULED NEWSLETTER #22
March 10th, 1965
This UFO had apparently left a "scar" on the ground near Madison, Va. A few seconds later it exploded and burned some trees.

- page 9 -

The image appears to be the top portion of a newsletter titled "Saucer News" published by the Saucer and Unexplained Celestial Events Research Society. There is no photograph present in this image, only text describing a reported sighting of a "twinkling object" over the Rappahannock River in Fredericksburg, Virginia on January 25, 1965.

NON-SCHEDULED NEWSLETTER #22
On the night of January 25th, 1965, several persons watched a twinkling object, shaped like a plate and looking like a pair of plates, altitude over the Rappahannock River, at Fredericksburg, Va. The object was observed for a period of ten minutes.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing text describing an incident where some boys claimed to have seen a UFO.

The text reads as follows:

Boys See UFO

Five boys claim they saw a UFO during their lunch period on January 8, 1965 in Glover Park, Washington, D.C. They claim they saw a bright light in the sky and that their teacher told them after school that evening. He had told his school teacher that the principal had an opportunity to question his sons friend during lunch, who had also seen the object. The teacher interrogated the boys and found their stories consistent.

The next day Jordan was reminded of the incident by his friend. Jordan then questioned his son's other encounters with the boys, and whose description tallies with Christopher's. However, the objects seen by the boys were not weather balloons, but the inability to identify the object with certainty does not mean it was a UFO. The sighting is merely a lack of talent.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

January 30, 1965
Hinton, Oklahoma

Department of Intelligence
U.S. Air Force
Washington D.C.

Dear Sir:

On January 30, 1965 at approximately 10:15 p.m. C.S.T. I saw what I believe to be a formation of flying saucers.

My friend, and I had been driving around town when he decided to drive us to a bathroom. As he pulled up to the bathroom, he noticed what he thought was a car and not falling but moving from east to west across the car and he called me to look. We both saw a formation of about 18 to 20 objects. They looked to be about the size of a little smaller. They were making no noise and green and red lights were glowing about 40° west above the horizon. As I watched, they moved in a straight line across from west to east. They were moving at an estimated speed of approximately 1,000 miles an hour. They crossed the front from west to east and we heard no sound. We waited to see if we could see them again but didn't. We called our friend to come look but they were gone when she got there.

Yours truly,

P.S. The information could have this too.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a table of UFO sighting reports from Project Blue Book. The table lists the date, location, observer, and evaluation for each sighting, as well as some additional reported sightings without detailed information.

1 - 29 FEBRUARY 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
FEB 
5 San Fernando, California MULTIPLE INSUFFICIENT DATA 
6 Tallahassee, Fla. MULTIPLE (RADAR) SATELLITE
6 Virginia-Maryland Area Multiple INSUFF ICIENT DATA
9 Boonton, New Jersey UNABLE TO IDENTIFY OTHER (CONFUSING DATA)
10 Spring Lake, New Jersey PHOTOS INSUFFICIENT DATA
10 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania PHOTOS BALLOON
15 Janesville, Wisconsin Multiple Astro (METEOR)
16 Montes, Ohio (Physical Specimen) OTHER (PHYSICAL BALL)
16 Elk Grove, Illinois Civilian Other (PHYSICAL BALL)
17 Winnsboro, Texas AIRCRAFT
18 Hibbing, Duluth, Minnesota Multiple Astro (METEOR) 
INSUFFICIENT DATA
18 Costa Mesa, Calif. Other (GROUNDLIGHT)
19 Beresford, S.D. Astro (METEOR)
20 NEW PORT, Va. Astro (METEOR)
21 KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI Military
22 5-10 MI 1637 Z (Atlantic) Military
24 5-7 MI 11:30A (Atlantic) Military
24 64.120 11:35A (Atlantic) Military
25 Washington, D.C. SATELLITE
27 Kingsley Field, Oregon U.S. NAVY TEXT
28 Houston, Texas Other (LIGHTS)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
Feb Alaska & Japan - -
2 Maple Valley, Wash. - -
3 Sandston, Va. - - 
6 Princeton, Va. - -
11 Boulder, Colo. - -
13 Atascadero, Calif. - -
15 Atascadero, Calif. - -
19 Paxton, Massachusetts - -
22 Chalae, Formosa - Argentina - -
25 Marion, Bark, Calif. - -
26 Elkins, Arkansas - -

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

3 March 1965

Dear Mr. ,

This is in reply to your letter of January 20 in which you related an observation of several objects which you could not identify.

In order for the Air Force to evaluate your report, the available UFO data on the objects will need to be completed. The Air Force will then evaluate the report, and you will be advised of the findings.

Sincerely,

JOHN R. SPAULDING
Lt Col, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Force technical information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as part of our scientific investigation.
1. When did you see the object? 19 Mar 65
2. Time of day: 10:45 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Hinton, Oklahoma
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time of light determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes x No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Sunny b. Hazy d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 144, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observer's experience with the UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dim moonlight
c. No moonlight, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compared brightness to some common object:

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Change direction or altitude abruptly? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or survey form related to the observation of a UFO or unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. As a light d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. About the same c. Dimmer d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Sharply outlined c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up or change speed or direction at any time? c. Give off smoke? d. Change brightness? e. Flash or flicker? f. Disappear and reappear?

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form with handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
It disappeared, but I can't give any more detail on that.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know

IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It appeared to move behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It appeared to move in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: there was no sound
b. Color: whitish, grayish

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object this experiment will cover. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about 1 inch

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple sketch is provided showing a circular or ovoid shaped object with a trailing 'tail' or 'vapor trail'.]

Transcription of text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It disappeared, but I can't give any more detail on that.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It appeared to move behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It appeared to move in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: there was no sound
b. Color: whitish, grayish

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object this experiment will cover. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about 1 inch

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

Output from the OCR system:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? - about 1300 feet from the object

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea 
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over or near a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) 
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (NA)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common 
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram with instructions. The diagram shows a compass and a curved line to illustrate the sighting of an unidentified flying object. The instructions ask the observer to mark the initial and final sighting locations on the diagram.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object was when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object, and place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 20 -

