The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be the table of contents for an advisory panel meeting on the scientific use of balloons, held on 15 November 1965. The table of contents lists various agenda items such as actions on prior panel recommendations, annual report, review of facility activity, ballooning requirements, azimuth stabilization and startracker requirements, progress on heavy load launch development program, requests by scientists, water vapor measurement comparisons, another equatorial ballooning expedition, and election of chairman.

ADVISORY PANEL ON THE SCIENTIFIC USE OF BALLOONS
MEETING -- 15 NOVEMBER 1965

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Schedule
Agenda
1. Minutes of the meeting of 16-17 Sept. 1964
2. Actions on prior Panel recommendations 
3. Annual Report
4. Review of facility activity in the current calendar year
5. Ballooning requirements
6. Azimuth stabilization and startracker requirements
7. Progress on heavy load launch development program
8. Request by Dr. Delbouille of Belgium for balloon flight services
9. Request by Dr. Luis W. Alvarez of the Space Sciences Laboratory of the University of California for balloons
10. Water vapor measurement comparisons
11. Another equatorial ballooning expedition suggested
12. Election of Chairman
13. Date and time for next meeting

APPENDICES
A. NCAR Panel on Scientific Use of Balloons -- Minutes, 16-17 September 1964.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be the cover page of a document titled "APPENDIX A. MINUTES PREVIOUS MEETING".

APPENDIX A. MINUTES PREVIOUS MEETING

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be the cover page for a document titled "APPENDIX A" which contains the "NCAR PANEL ON SCIENTIFIC USE OF BALLOONS MINUTES, 16-17 SEPTEMBER 1964."

APPENDIX A.

NCAR PANEL ON SCIENTIFIC USE OF BALLOONS
MINUTES, 16-17 SEPTEMBER 1964.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from a meeting of the NCAR Panel on Scientific Use of Balloons, held on 16-17 September 1964. The document discusses various topics, including the attendees of the meeting, the agenda items, and the NCAR's plans for a shelter program.

NGAR Panel on Scientific Use of Balloons 
Minutes
16-17 September 1964

The meeting was called to order at 1:00 p.m. on 16 September 1964 
with the following members present: James Angell, Allen Hynek, Urner 
Liddell and Edward Ney. Present from NCAR were: Thomas Gill, Robert 
Burkholder, Vincent Lally, Alvin Morris, Daniel Rex, Walter Roberts, Stanley 
Sutterfield, Samuel Solot and John Sparkman.

Mr. Morris indicated that Dr. Beyer, John Strong and Verner Suomi 
were unable to attend. Dr. Suomi is assuming new duties at the 
Weather Bureau and was unable to get away. Dr. Strong is ill; Dr. Meyer 
was unable to receive a prior commitment. Since a new Department of 
Meteorology representative has not yet been named, the DOD advisors were 
not invited.

Dr. Rex asked the Panel's reaction to the new schedule of the 
meeting--starting at noon on one day and ending at noon the following 
day. There was general agreement that the new schedule was excellent.

Chairman Ney then called the Panel's attention to Agenda Item 1 - 
Approval of Minutes of 19 May 1964. The Panel deferred 
action on this matter until the members could study the minutes more 
carefully since some of them had been present at the last meeting.

Discussion of Agenda Item 2 - The Palestine Clam-Shelter Building - 
was initiated by Dr. Rex who commented that an inflation shelter has 
been on the Panel's agenda and in NCAR's plans for the past two years. The 
Panel made suggestions and taken more of progress in the past. We 
now believe that we have a practical and effective shelter plan and a 
feasible estimate of the cost. NCAR management has approved this plan 
for construction, but we wish to have Panel endorsement of the plan 
before seeking NSF approval.

Dr. Rex had written letters to Dr. Alvin Powell and Dr. Martin 
Schwarzschild requesting their individual opinions as to the advisability 
of the construction, but we have not yet received their responses (attached 
as Appendix A) were distributed to the Panel members.

Dr. Roberts then pointed out that the inflation shelter had been 
deleted from the fiscal 1966 budget request with the understanding that 
it should be re-inserted in the budgets supplemental request. The 
shelter has further stated that he felt that the NCAR staff had
done an excellent job in the evaluation of the capabilities and usefulness 
of the shelter. Although the staff and Dr. Roberts are completely 
convinced that the shelter will be a substantial asset to the ballooning 
program, Dr. Roberts felt the need of a firmer endorsement from the 
Panel that the inflation shelter should be a positive goal for NCAR 
before proceeding further.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

DECLASSIFICATION OF THE INFLATION SHELTER PLAN INCLUDED THE FOLLOWING:

The inflation shelter plan included the following:

1. DESCRIPTION OF THE INFLATION SHELTER - The shelter is to be a prefabricated aluminum building, approximately 50' x 100' in size, to be erected with little on-site construction. It will accommodate approximately 150 persons for shelter in event of a nuclear attack.

2. STRENGTH OF THE SHELTER BUILDING AND ITS CAPACITY TO WITHSTAND EFFECTS OF NUCLEAR ATTACK - The building has been designed to withstand the effects of overpressure and initial radiation resulting from a nuclear explosion. The overall design is based on an assumed overpressure of 5 psi and a radiation dose of 300 R for a 2 week period of occupancy.

3. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS - Analysis of the proposed shelter indicated the following performance characteristics: better protection and faster assembly than the previously proposed site; better performance of scientific equipment the shelter would contain; and reasons for selecting the shelter from the previously proposed site.

AGENCY'S RECOMMENDATION FOR CONSTRUCTION OF INFLATION SHELTER UNDER THE 1961 FISCAL YEAR:

NCAR is requesting $30,000 for the construction of the inflation shelter. Motion was made and currently proposed.

Further discussion of the inflation shelter indicated that some defects existed because the cost estimate was not firm and because the existing claim of low cost made it impossible to obtain contractor bids. It was impossible to wait two years to obtain funds to build a shelter and that no contractor would make a bid on the inflation shelter that NCAR had considered and had been abandoned for reasons which included structural penumbra and utility. Defect cost comparisons did not warrant the inflation shelter cost estimate as possible.

AGENDA ITEM 3 - PROPOSAL FOR SUPPORT OF THE SPECTRA-STRATOSCOPE:

The panel had requested at the last meeting that NCAR obtain comments from outside NCAR on the proposal to Dr. Roberts to prepare a more definitive and limited program. Dr. Roberts indicated that limited funds had been tentatively assigned to the program as a manager and that Kiepenheuer had decided to terminate the program and that Kiepenheuer had proposed to cease support for balloon, helium, etc. from a US agency. The importance and that the support required of NCAR is fundamentally operational in nature.

ACTION NO. 2: THE PANEL ENDORSED THE SCIENTIFIC OBJECTIVES OF THE PROPOSAL AND RECOMMENDED THAT NCAR SUPPORT THE PROGRAM, WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT COSTS TO NCAR WOULD BE NOMINAL SUPPORT COSTS.

MR. TALLY, REFERRING TO AGENDA ITEM 4 - THE IQSY EXPEDITION IN INDIA, DISCUSSED THE BACKGROUND OF THE IQSY PROGRAM. HE SAID THAT REQUIREMENTS FROM NCAR THAT IQSY HAD SUGGESTED THAT NCAR MANAGE THE PROGRAM. HE SAID THAT IQSY POINTED OUT THAT NCAR WOULD BE EXPECTED TO CONTRACT WITH AN INDUSTRIAL GROUP TO RUN THE PROGRAM AND THAT NCAR WOULD PROVIDE A PROGRAM MANAGER AND A SCIENTIFIC COORDINATOR.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Mr. K. Talbot reported that since there was no record of large balloons being launched on that date, visibility through the cold did not appear to be possible. NCAR had carried out a test program in Phoenix and had selected Minneap-olis, Minnesota for the flight. The stipulation was that the balloons be manufactured in Minneapolis with the flight path controlled closely through the cell.

Mr. Lally reported that Raven Industries had been selected to manufacture the balloons and that Raven will provide several chase vehicles and will fly the balloons remotely and logistically arrange for a flight to make a non-domestic and logistical arrangement and to select sites as planned.

Action No. 3: It was moved and seconded that the Panel notes with interest the NCAR proposal for a project to be carried out this fall. The Panel feels the value of the effort should be further evaluated by other means. Miller carried this motion.

Mr. Lally then asked the Panel's opinion of NCAR's assumption of this type of program. It was the consensus that previous Panel advice to NCAR was to learn the art and not to simply be a contracting agency. In this case we are trying to simply use managerial and technical abilities to best advantage while still giving industry the opportunity to develop further and acquire more experience. The Panel recommends that NCAR's approach to the program and its handling are impressive.

Session adjourned until the following morning.

Action No. 4: It was moved and seconded that the Panel recommends developing future plans on a regular basis. Miller carried this motion unanimously.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was the name of a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

ACTION NO. 5: The Panel took note of and discussed the 1965 Annual Report, recommending that a concise flight summary be provided in which page numbers of the detailed individual summaries are given.

MR. LASLEY then distributed a statement concerning actions taken by NCAR on recommendations made by the Panel at earlier meetings (attached as Appendix C).

The Panel then observed that there will be a notable eclipse during 1966 and discussed the possibility for use of balloons, including tethered balloons, for an expedition during the eclipse.

ACTION NO. 6: It was moved and seconded that NCAR make informal inquiry as to progress of the tethered balloon project at NOPS with a possible view toward future cooperation. Motion carried unanimously.

ACTION NO. 7: It was moved and seconded that NCAR take note that a very suspicious total eclipse will occur in May 1966 in South America and the South Atlantic which will offer possibilities for good eclipse observations by balloonborne instruments. Motion carried unanimously.

Following the discussion of NCAR actions on previous Panel recommendations, the Panel returned to Agenda Item 1.

ACTION NO. 8: It was regularly moved and seconded that the minutes of the previous meeting be accepted as read. Motion passed unanimously.

The meeting was then adjourned without setting a time for another meeting.

End of Minutes

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with the title "APPENDIX B. ANNUAL REPORT - 1964".

APPENDIX B. ANNUAL
REPORT - 1964

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be the title page of an "Annual Report -- NCAR Scientific Balloon Facility" document.

APPENDIX B.

ANNUAL REPORT -- NCAR SCIENTIFIC
BALLOON FACILITY.
(Bound Separately)

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be a blank page with the text "APPENDIX C. INSTITUT D'ASTROPHYSIQUE" at the top.

APPENDIX C. INSTITUT D'ASTROPHYSIQUE

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old document. The text on the page reads:

APPENDIX C.

INSTITUT D'ASTROPHYSIQUE REQUEST
FOR BALLOONING SERVICES.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, showing text under the heading "Appendices, continued."

The text in the document reads:

Appendices, continued.

B. Annual Report -- NCAR Scientific Balloon Facility. 
C. Institut D'Astrophysique Request for Ballooning Services.
D. University of California Request for Ballooning Services.
E. University of Rochester Suggestion for an Equatorial Expedition.

- END -

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typewritten letter. The letter is addressed to "Dr. L. Delbouille, Universite de Liege, Institut d'Astrophysique, Cointe-Sclessin, BELGIUM" from "Stanley Buttenberg, Assistant to Dr. Roberts" and is dated "5 August 1965".

The text of the letter is as follows:

80301
5 August 1965

Dr. L. Delbouille
Universite de Liege
Institut d'Astrophysique
Cointe-Sclessin
BELGIUM

Dear Dr. Delbouille:

Many thanks for your letter of July 29th, which has been received while Dr. Roberts was from the office. It will be happy to see it together with the one from Dr. Miesotte, when he returns toward the end of the month.

Meanwhile, I have sent your letter and enclosures on to Dr. Daniel Fuente, Director of the Facilities Division. The decision as to the scheduling of your experiment will be in hands, so I'm sure you will be hearing from Dr. Rex or one of his colleagues directly.

With best wishes.
Sincerely,

Stanley Buttenberg
Assistant to Dr. Roberts

cc: D. F. Rex
SR/es

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a letter written on the letterhead of the "UNIVERSITE DE LIÈGE INSTITUT D'ASTROPHYSIQUE COINTE-UCCLE (BELGIQUE)" dated August 3, 1965 and signed by L. Delbouille.

The text of the letter is as follows:

UNIVERSITE DE LIÈGE
INSTITUT D'ASTROPHYSIQUE
COINTE-UCCLE (BELGIQUE)
AUG 3 1965
29 July 1965.

Dr. W.O. ROBERTS
Director, National Center
for Atmospheric Research
BOULDER (Colorado)
U.S.A.

Dear Dr. Roberts,

Now back in Belgium, we have, Dr. Roland and myself, to thank again you and your collaborators (in particular Mr. A.L. Morris) for your help and all the advices which have been given to us during our last visit.

We have also visited the balloon facilities in Holloman Air Force Base, and we appreciate is now clear. The telemetry and ground commands were excellent during our experiment, and we have no more any reason to hesitate. You will find, here enclosed, a "more official" letter signed by Prof. Migeotte, and applying formally for NCAR collaboration to fly our gondola.

Confident that our project will be considered with attention, we thank you again, and repeat that we will be pleased to receive you at the Jungfraujoch.

Very sincerely yours,
L. DELBOUILLE

LD/jd.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from M. Migeotte of the Institut d'Astrophysique, Universite de Liege in Belgium, addressed to Dr. W.O. Roberts of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado, USA.

The letter discusses a visit by Dr. Dilbouille and Roland to NCAR, and mentions a balloon-borne experiment by the Belgian government to study the solar spectrum in the 1.2 to 5 microns region. The letter also mentions that NCAR telemetry and ground command facilities will be used to support this experiment, and offers to provide any additional information that may be needed.

UNIVERSITE DE LIEGE
INSTITUT D'ASTROPHYSIQUE
CONTRE-SCLESIN (BELGIQUE)

30 July 1965.

Dr. W.O. ROBERTS
Director, National Center 
for Atmospheric Research
BOULDER, Colorado
U.S.A.

Dear Dr. Roberts:

Dr. Dilbouille and Roland told me how instructive has been 
their visit to NCAR, and how good are the facilities of the Palestine Base.
As you already know, we are preparing now, with the support of 
the belgian government, a balloon-borne experiment to study the solar 
spectrum, at high resolution, in the 1.2 to 5 microns region. 

You will find, here enclosed, a brief report about these plans.
I officially apply to receive the assistance of NCAR to fly our gondola,
at your best conditions ? We actually hope to be ready for a first flight at
the end of this autumn 1965.

NCAR telemetry and ground command facilities will fulfill
perfectly our requirements, enabling us, in fact, to increase the flexibility
and the efficiency of the first planned instrumentation.

If this demand receives your attention, we will be pleased, of
course, to provide you any suitable additional information.

                        M. MIGEOTTE.

MM/jd.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Tentative report

Large program of high resolution solar spectroscopy from a balloon

The study of the solar spectrum in the lead sulfide region (more precisely between 1.2 and 3 microns) is an important problem. Some hydrogen and helium lines appear in that domain, in addition to many other solar lines of relatively high excitation potential. The Michigan atlas, recorded in 1949, is still the only publication covering the parts of this region that we can reach from the ground. Its resolving power of about 30,000 (0.1 cm-1) is not sufficient to give the possibility of studying the profile of the majority of the solar lines and it seems now feasible to remap the same regions, from a high altitude station, using the latest possibilities of cooled PbS cells and "echelle" grating of high efficiency. We plan to start such a program in about one year, using the facilities of our laboratory at the Jungfraujoch station.

However, it will be very useful to extend the same kind of observations to fill the "gaps" in the Michigan atlas telluric water vapor bands. A high altitude balloon is a powerful tool for such a study, in spite of the fact that many water vapor and carbon dioxide lines will still appear in the records.

We must insist on the importance of reaching the highest possible resolution. Solar physicists are now much more interested in lines profiles, and in center to limb variations of these profiles, than in the simple detection of new solar lines with insufficient resolution. In any case, a high resolution will also help to resolve the blending of solar and remaining telluric lines.

It is possible to estimate that a resolution of about 100,000 will be necessary to reach with sufficient accuracy the profiles of the majority of infrared solar lines. Actual gratings (single passed) have a theoretical resolution of the order of 150,000 at 2.5 microns and 300,000 at 1.25 micron, but it seems difficult (even with the Jungfraujoch installation) to reach easily these values, due to the limitation being given by the insufficient sensitivity of the detectors.

We have thus decided to design a balloon-borne equipment able to give the actually highest possible resolution, with a solar image of 50 to 60 mm in diameter, as needed by the plans to study center to limb profiles variations.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old technical document or report.

We have had contacts with a few european colleagues : Dr. de Jager (Utrecht), Dr. Neven (Brussels), Dr. Muller (Geneva). They are interested in our effort to design such an equipment, and they plan to use later on on our gondola, in collaboration, to study specific problems.
 We shall use a 35 cm diameter Cassegrain reflector (see fig.I, mirrors M4, M5) installed vertically in the gondola and receiving the solar radiation from a plane mirror (M1) accurately guided by a servo-mechanism to maintain the solar image fixed. The white gondola will be oriented in azimuth by a flywheel actuated, from simple commercial sensors, with an accuracy of a few degrees.
The orientation in declination and the fine guiding in azimuth will be obtained in moving only the relatively light plane mirror. The spectrometer, installed also vertically, parallel to the telescope, will be an Ebert-Fastie of 2.5 meters focal length, equipped with a Bausch and Lomb "echelle" grating of 102 x 205 mm, working at 63O, double-passed with an intermediary slit. It will use a mirror of 40 cm diameter and work at about F : 18. A good PbS cell, cooled with liquid nitrogen, will be used, to reach maximum resolution. In some flights, a broad-band source associated with a fixed thickness Fabry-Perot in an auxiliary optical path through the spectrometer will give fringes useful for accurate interpolations of lines positions.
At the beginning, for the first flights, we shall probably not use a very elaborate guiding system : to study the center of the solar disk, an accuracy of + 5', which is easy to obtain, will be good enough. What we keep in mind is to preserve, from the beginning, the possibility to add later on/ various developments : association of a scanning Fabry-Perot interferometer in series with the spectrometer, in order to obtain higher resolution to observe the profiles of some solar lines and installation of a very accurate guiding system for center to limb variations studies.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing equipment and storage plans.

to collect all the obtained information, we have decided to have 
on-board storage in digital form, on magnetic tape. It will be very useful to 
include the possibility to mute, from the ground, on some parameters: gain and 
time constant of the amplifier, scanning speed, order to skip part of the pre- 
recorded program, to give some examples. To make it possible, a sufficiently 
good telemetry will be necessary, permitting to "waste" immediately the spectrum 
and associated with ground-command facilities.

The total weight of the equipment will be of the order of 1200 to 1800 lbs 
and we hope to be ready for a first flight in autumn 1966.

- page 18 -

The image provided appears to be a technical diagram or schematic, likely related to the Project Blue Book investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The diagram does not contain any human faces or identifiable individuals.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now extract and output all the text found in the document:

Fig. 4
scale 4 = 60"
scale 4 = 15"

- page 19 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the text "APPENDIX D. UNIV. OF CALIFORNIA" at the top.

APPENDIX D. UNIV. OF CALIFORNIA

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "APPENDIX D." The text on the page states "UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA REQUEST FOR BALLOONING SERVICES."

APPENDIX D.

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA REQUEST FOR BALLOONING SERVICES.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the University of California Space Sciences Laboratory, dated September 3, 1964, regarding a proposal for a high altitude particle physics experiment with a duration of two years. The principal investigator is listed as Luis W. Alvarez, and the document is signed by Luis W. Alvarez and Barton J. Moyer, the Chairman of the Physics Department.

University of California
Space Sciences Laboratory
Berkeley 4, California

September 3, 1964

UCSSI NO. 192
PROPOSAL FOR HIGH ALTITUDE 
PARTICLE PHYSICS EXPERIMENT

Duration: Two Years

First year: $1,361,322
Second year: $2,454,018

Principal Investigator: Luis W. Alvarez

Luis W. Alvarez     Barton J. Moyer
Principal Investigator    Chairman, Physics Dept.

Samuel Silver
Director

- page 22 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the title "SCHEDULE" at the top.

SCHEDULE

- page 23 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a table of contents for a document. The table of contents lists various sections of the document, including an introduction, proposal, physical description of the experiment, experimental techniques and design of the experiment, conclusions, personnel and facilities, budget, and composite budgets for 1964-1965 and 1965-1966.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
I. Introduction
II. Proposal 
III. Physical Description of the Experiment
    A. Experimental Arrangement
    B. Nature of the Primary Radiation
    C. Purpose of the Experiment
IV. Experimental Techniques and Design of the Experiment
    A. The Gerenkov Trigger
    B. Spark Chamber - Emission Technique
    C. Wide-Gap Spark Chambers
    D. Superconducting Magnets
    E. Liquid Hydrogen Target, Structure and Cryogenics
    F. Developmental and Operational Support
        1. The Balloon
        2. Telemetry
        3. Optics
        4. Data Analysis
V. Conclusions
VI. Personnel and Facilities
VII. Budget
    Composite Budget 1964-1965
    Composite Budget 1965-1966

- page 24 -

There is no photograph in the image provided. It appears to be a table of contents for a document, likely a report from Project Blue Book.

TABLE OF CONTENTS (Cont.)
Appendix I. Details of the Radiation Laboratory Work Budget
Appendix II. Preliminary Balloon Flights
Table No. I. Component Weights
Table No. II. Component Heat Loads (Watts)
Figure Captions and Figures
References
Professional Qualifications of the Investigators

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing a high altitude particle physics experiment.

HIGH ALTITUDE PARTICLE PHYSICS EXPERIMENT
L. W. Alvarez, W. E. Humphrey

I. Introduction
Until about ten years ago, the discovery of all unstable "fundamental particles" had come from cosmic-ray experiments. The pion, the muon, the K mesons, and the three hyperons (Λ, Σ, and Ξ) were all seen first in cosmic-ray experiments. In the past ten years, large accelerators have almost completely supplanted the cosmic radiation as a source of particles for studying the fundamental interactions. Cosmic ray physicists have for the most part abandoned their studies of the interactions of the particles and have concentrated their attention on the cosmological aspects of the radiation. This situation has arisen from the well-known fact that artificial beam intensities in the 1-25 BeV energy region far surpass those available in the cosmic radiation.

II. Proposal
The environment mentioned above is accessible by balloon and affords flux densities which are useful in terms of present-day high-energy-experimental techniques. We propose to build and fly a balloon experiment capable of making measurements of the momentum of the "natural beam" and preliminary studies of its characteristics.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document or report about proton-proton interactions in the energy range above 100 BeV (Billion electron volts). The text describes an experiment and its physical arrangement, but does not contain any visual imagery.

The text output from the OCR system is as follows:

of proton-proton interactions in the energy range above 100 BeV.

In concept this experiment is a return to a rich and abandoned lode 
with the new tools of the past decade. These new developments offer a refinement in precision in comparison to traditional cosmic-ray experiments which 
will make possible more detailed studies in and beyond the energy range now
planned for exploitation with accelerators to be built in the next decade. In 
this context the experiment can reveal the gross features of the high-energy
physics of the immediate future and, at the same time, perhaps provide helpful 
guideline to the design of the machines being planned. In a broader context
the realization of this experiment will form a basis of technique and experience
for the further practicable exploration into regions of even higher energy.

The initial cost (see Appendix I) of the proposed program is small in 
comparison to that of the currently-known method of artificially producing high-
energy-proton beams or, even, of studying proton-proton interactions at very 
high energies with storage rings. (2) Its projected operating costs, in terms
of "dollars per event measured", are of the same order as those of present
practice at lower energies.

III. Physical Description of the Experiment

Before discussing what kinds of experiment might be done at high 
altitudes, let us first examine, in a general way, the proposed arrangement
of the experiment, and then take stock of what is available in the upper atmos-
phere for an experiment.

A. Experimental Arrangement

A system which fulfills the criteria of the previous section is 
shown schematically in Figure 1. It may be divided functionally into two parts. 
The "beam" portion utilizes the Cerenkov threshold effect in gas at 
low pressure to detect the passage of a proton of energy greater than 100 BeV.

- page 27 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document discussing technical details of an experiment using a Cerenkov detector to analyze properties of incoming protons.

The OCR output is as follows:

This enables one to discriminate against unwanted particles at lower energies by using the Cerenkov detector output as a firing pulse to wide-gap spark chambers in the "experiment" portion. The three principal features of the "experiment" are:

1. The analysis of the momentum and direction of an incoming proton obtained by recording its orbit in a transverse magnetic field. The analysis is done by the use of a combined spark chamber/emulsion stack technique which identifies the proton in time and space.

2. The provision of a two-meter liquid hydrogen target for p-p interactions.

3. The display and recording of the trajectories of the interaction products which result from the traversal of the proton by using a wide-gap spark chamber in a second, transverse magnetic field.

After a flight the spark chamber photographs are scanned and measured. Data from the upper chambers give a precise estimate of the momentum of the proton. For those events where greater precision is desired, the emulsions may be scanned. From a knowledge of the proton's initial direction and momentum and data from the interaction chamber films, the vertex can be recreated and the interesting properties of the interaction products computed.

During its flight the system functions automatically and reports the relevant details of its operation to a ground base. A typical balloon flight will probably last about 24 hours. The anticipated duration of the series of balloon experiments is from three to seven years, depending on how well the experimental results live up to the optimistic forecast.

B. Nature of the Primary Radiation

The particle "beam" consists of the natural cosmic rays at the balloon altitude. At altitudes in the vicinity of 100,000 feet, the cosmic rays

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text and mathematical equations describing the intensity of primary protons in the energy range above 100 BeV and related concepts.

are principally primary protons of energy greater than 10 BeV. The Cerenkov
trigger system eliminates energies less than 100 BeV, and in the experimental
arrangement described above, the flux of particles through the system will be
about 10 cm^-1.

The intensity of primary protons in the energy range above 100 BeV
is usually expressed in terms of an "integral flux", J_E, where J_E is the number of particles per cm^2 per steradian per second with energy greater than E.
The flux, J_E, as a function of E, is shown in Figure 2. Over the range of interest the flux is given approximately by:

J_E = 3E^-1.5 cm^-2 sr^-1 s^-1

With E in BeV. We now introduce a term which is common in the cosmic-ray
literature: the geometrical factor is the product of the detector area and the
effective solid angle of the detection system. If we have a flux, J_E, and the
geometrical factor, G, the counting rate, R_G, is given by:

R_G (E) = J_G G events s^-1

For our experiment (which we have not yet optimized for counting
rate) we have an effective detector area of .4 m^2 and a solid angle of .025 sr
(see Figure 5). This gives a G factor of 100 cm^2 sr and a counting rate for
protons of energy greater than 100 BeV (J_100 ~ 2.5 10^-3) of,

R_G (> 100 BeV) = 0.25

Which is about 15 min^-1
and attenuation of the primary proton before reaching the target, the proton
flux through the hydrogen target should be about 10 min^-1. To put this number
into proper perspective, we note that the 72-inch Hydrogen Bubble Chamber at
LRL, Berkeley, pulses 10 times per minute and that it has operated usefully

- page 29 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a technical document related to Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

The text in the document discusses various technical details about cosmic-ray interactions, particle fluxes, and high-energy-particle interactions in the atmosphere. It mentions the use of liquid hydrogen as a target, the expected interaction rates, and the considerations around performing the experiment at balloon altitudes.

OCR Text Output:
for long periods of time with approximately 3.6 K" mesons incident per picture, yielding a particle flux of 35 mn"¡.
We intend this flux to traverse the liquid hydrogen target, chosen because
of the resulting great simplification in experimental interpretation. The target
is two meters long and the probability of interaction is about 20%. We therefore
expect to observe about two interactions per minute or 3,000 per 24-hour flight.
Because of the character of the cosmic-ray spectrum, about 600 of these inter-
actions will involve protons of energy greater than 360 BeV, and about 100 of
them will involve protons of energy greater than 1,000 BeV.
The mean free path for high-energy-particle interactions in the atmosphere is about 50 gm cm"² so it is imperative that the experiment be performed
at "balloon altitudes". The density of liquid hydrogen is .07 gm cm"³ and our
target, therefore, has a surface density of .14 gm cm"². At 100,000 feet altitude, the remaining air mass has a surface density of 9 gm cm"². Comparing
these densities with the atmospheric interaction length of 50 gm cm"², it is
obvious that no useful purpose would be served by going to higher altitudes. For
these reasons, we will consider that the normal balloon altitudes of 85-100,000
feet are adequate for the experiment.
In addition to the proton flux, there is also an alpha particle flux of
about 7% the intensity of the proton flux with about the same energy distribution
in terms of energy per nucleon. (3) Other heavier cosmic-ray components are
well below 1% of the proton flux. All cosmic rays heavier than protons should
be easily identified by the large pulses they produce in counters.
In summary, then, the effective cosmic-ray "beam" can be thought of
as three beams: a 10-per-minute, 100-800 BeV proton beam; and the weaker
alpha particle and 1,000 BeV proton beams. These components of the beam may
be separated and the momentum should be known to 10% or better for most particles. The nature of the beam can be altered in later flights by inserting into

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a report from Project Blue Book, discussing a scientific experiment related to cosmic-ray interactions in nuclear emulsion.

Purpose of the Experiment
Studies of cosmic-ray interactions in nuclear emulsion reveal several interesting properties. One striking effect is that the average transverse momentum of secondaries is very close to .3 BeV/c, independent of the energy of the incident primary particle. Another interesting fact is that the inelasticity of the interaction (energy lost by the primary proton) is about 30% at the lower energies, decreasing as the energy increases. Also, the interaction length is fairly independent of primary energy and is around 50 gm cm^-2.

The secondaries usually have energies well below 1 BeV in the center of mass system. Although interactions taken as a group appear to be symmetric with respect to a plane normal to the incident particle, the individual interactions are sometimes quite asymmetric. More detailed knowledge than this is very hard to obtain with conventional emulsion techniques.

There are several reasons for this:
1. The analysis of events depends strongly on the knowledge of the momentum of the incident particle in order that the transformation to the center of mass may be carried out correctly. With previously used emulsion techniques, the energy of the incident particle may be uncertain by as much as a factor of four.
2. The method of detection of the events is highly biased in favor of events with high multiplicity of secondaries which produce showers.

OCR output:
it target alter to produce a secondary meson and hyperon beams. The obvious way to do this is ty the experiment under a few interaction lengths of atmosphere -- say around 75,000 feet. The principal difficulties with this idea are the large electron background which might plague the Gerenkov trigger device, and the problem of identifying the secondary particles.

G. Purpose of the Experiment
Studies of cosmic-ray interactions in nuclear emulsion reveal several interesting properties. One striking effect is that the average transverse momentum of secondaries is very close to .3 BeV/c, independent of the energy of the incident primary particle. (4,5) Another interesting fact is that the inelasticity of the interaction (energy lost by the primary proton) is about 30% at the lower energies, decreasing as the energy increases. (6) Also, the interaction length is fairly independent of primary energy and is around 50 gm cm^-2.

The secondaries usually have energies well below 1 BeV in the center of mass system. (4) Although interactions taken as a group appear to be symmetric with respect to a plane normal to the incident particle, the individual interactions are sometimes quite asymmetric. (5,7) More detailed knowledge than this is very hard to obtain with conventional emulsion techniques. (7)

There are several reasons for this.
1. The analysis of events depends strongly on the knowledge of the momentum of the incident particle in order that the transformation to the center of mass may be carried out correctly. With previously used emulsion techniques, the energy of the incident particle may be uncertain by as much as a factor of four. (8)
2. The method of detection of the events is highly biased in favor of events with high multiplicity of secondaries which produce showers.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

The text produced by the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

that serve as the signature of an interaction. (4)
3. The target particle is unknown.
4. Statistics are low.

The experimental techniques outlined in this proposal largely over-
come all of these deficiencies. The next closest present solution to these dif-
ficulties is the work of the Russian group at Pamix cosmic ray station done
with cloud chambers and total absorption proportional counters on a 3900 meter
mountain. (9) Even these experiments have about a 30% error for the energy of
an incident particle and a rate of 4 x 10^-4 events per minute with a LiH target
at 10 interaction length. We expect a four order-of-magnitude increase over
this in our experiment using the .25 interaction length hydrogen target.

The energy region we propose to study is of particular interest.
Above 1,000 BeV, the production of secondary particles can be described
phenomenologically by the reaction:

N1 + N2 → N1' + N2' + F1 + F2

where N1 and N2 are the original nucleons and F1 and F2 are "fireballs" or
clusters of mesons which trail behind the final nucleons, N1' and N2'. The
fireballs are considered to break up isotropically in their center of mass. (10)
In this model, anisotropic secondary emission can be explained in terms of
one fireball being weak or absent. The interesting thing about the energy
dependence is that below 1,000 BeV, the fireballs appear to separate so
slowly that they can interact with each other or form a "dumb-bell"-shaped
fireball. Both the distinct fireballs and the fused fireballs could be studied
with the proposed experimental techniques. Although the fireball model is
pure phenomenology, there are several other theories on a more sound theoretical footing which, under the proper assumptions, are believed to reproduce
the general predictions of the fireball model. (11) The fireball model describes

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, discussing experimental techniques and the design of an experiment related to cosmic ray events and high-energy particle accelerators.

Text from the document:

only a portion of the observed events, and even those which are characterized by the fireball hypothesis show deviations. One such deviation is the frequent appearance of a pion which accompanies one of the nucleons after the interaction. This pion is thought to be the decay product of a nucleon resonance produced in the interaction. There is clearly a great deal yet to be learned about the interaction mechanism for proton-proton collisions in the 1,000 BeV energy region. The above paragraphs serve to suggest that the present proposal would allow an analysis of cosmic ray events along conventional lines, but with far more precise information about each interaction, which could be used to test the several existing models for cosmic ray interactions. In addition, there are numerous other experiments proposed for super-high energy accelerators that would also apply to balloon experiments. (1) More than likely, this would be merely a starting point, and the ability to examine events in detail not previously available in a relatively unexplored energy range would bring to light new phenomena requiring further investigation.

IV. Experimental Techniques and Design of the Experiment
The experiment we propose to build is a complex undertaking and has a strong developmental aspect; inasmuch as some of the techniques planned for it are novel and some of its components will have to be carefully designed and modeled in prototype. In this section we describe the elements of the experiment and examine the pertinent developmental problems of each from the standpoint of physical and engineering plausibility. The design we present is by no means a final one, but shows that it is possible to meet the experimental criteria within the weight and environmental constraints. Although it will be necessary and desirable to make use of computer solutions in the final design, we believe that such a study will present no essentially new results to the analysis presented here.

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a document containing text about an advisory panel on the scientific use of balloons, with a meeting schedule for November 15, 1965.

ADVISORY PANEL ON THE SCIENTIFIC USE OF BALLOONS
MEETING -- 15 NOVEMBER 1965

SCHEDULE

Monday, 15 November 1965
8:30 AM       Convene in Sommers-Bausch Room of
              the High Altitude Observatory.

11:30 AM      Break for Lunch

1:00 PM       Reconvene in Sommers-Bausch Room

- page 34 -

The given image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, and it discusses the use of the Gerenkov light of a proton as a trigger for cosmic ray balloon experiments. The text describes the advantages of using a gas other than air as the trigger, such as the reduced Gerenkov threshold energy and the increased index of refraction resulting in a higher photon yield. The text also mentions the use of a light collector and a photomultiplier with a fused silica face to achieve the figure of 6 photo-electrons.

A. The Gerenkov Trigger
One basic problem with cosmic ray balloon experiments is the large flux of low energy (10 to 100 BeV) protons that are of little interest and must be rejected. We propose to make use of the Gerenkov light of a proton passing through gas in order to discriminate against the low energy proton background. For the balloon altitudes at which our experiments would be executed, the Gerenkov light from the atmosphere has a threshold at a proton energy of about 300 BeV. Although this atmospheric Gerenkov light could probably be used as a trigger for protons in excess of 300 BeV, there are several advantages to using a gas other than air. By using a gas of relatively high index compared to air (for example, butane or carbon tetrachloride), the Gerenkov threshold energy can be reduced to about 100 BeV for protons. There are two big advantages to using the lower 100 BeV threshold. First, there is a far larger flux of particles at the lower proton energies, and the proton interactions are still of interest in this energy range. Second, the increased index of refraction results in about a five-fold increase in the photon yield of the particles.
The increased photon yield makes practical a fully enclosed Gerenkov counter of reasonable dimensions. Protons having an energy appreciably above the 100 BeV threshold (say 200 BeV) will yield a sufficient quantity of photons in passing through 10 meters of gas to produce about 6 photo-electrons at the cathode of a photomultiplier, which is sufficient for reliable triggering. (If the Gerenkov threshold is 100 BeV, then the trigger efficiency actually rises to 75% of its maximum efficiency at 150 BeV. The index of the gas can be increased to give an effective 100 BeV cutoff, together with a slight increase in the photon yield over that used in these calculations.) The figure of 6 photo-electrons is achieved through the use of a light collector consisting of aluminized mirrors, and a photomultiplier with a fused silica face (in order to make the best use of the ultraviolet portion of the Gerenkov spectrum).

- page 35 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a technical document or report discussing the use of the ultraviolet-rich Cerenkov light in a scientific apparatus.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using optical character recognition (OCR):

"full use of the ultraviolet-rich Cerenkov light) (See Figure 1). For a 100 BeV threshold, the maximum half angle for the cone of Cerenkov light is 10 milli-radians; which is small compared to the angle of acceptance required for the protons. Therefore in the design of the light collection optics, it is possible to treat the Cerenkov light as though it has approximately the same direction as the protons. The first mirror serves to image the exit aperture of the experimental train onto collimating stops, so the Cerenkov light is only collected from protons which would pass through the entire apparatus. The required mirror surface is a hyperbola of revolution. The second mirror (an ellipsoid of revolution) serves to further concentrate the light onto photomultipliers located at an even smaller image of the exit aperture. The demagnification of the exit aperture at the photomultiplier is about 7 to 1, so that a 4 inch diameter photomultiplier would detect protons traveling toward a 28 inch diameter aperture at the exit aperture.

The principal source of background for a Cerenkov trigger is electrons. Electrons of 50 MeV energy or greater can trigger the system. The electrons can be discriminated against by placing a radiation length of lead in front of a scintillation counter and detecting the shower produced by an electron. However, this technique is only effective for electrons with energies in excess of about 500 MeV. The lower energy electrons can be eliminated by deflecting them out of the "beam" in a magnetic field such as the one that is proposed for momentum analysis of the protons. Cosmic rays below about 10 BeV would be deflected by the earth's magnetic field, so the electron background would consist of electrons produced by proton interactions in the atmosphere above the balloon.

To further reduce accidentals, the Cerenkov trigger would be used in coincidence with scintillation counters just below the Cerenkov light collector and just above the hydrogen target. The counter in front of the target could also serve as the proton trigger."

- page 36 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document discusses technical details related to the Gerenkov counter photomultiplier, a device used to detect and count particles. It mentions the properties of the gas that produces the Gerenkov light and the construction of a "light-tight Gerenkov gas container". The text also discusses the need to test the gas to ensure that the light produced by proton ionization and recombination is sufficiently small to neglect, and the importance of checking the gas for transparency in the ultraviolet region.

The document appears to be discussing technical considerations and potential practical details related to the investigation and study of UFOs or related phenomena.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report document discussing technical details related to spark chambers and emulsion techniques for measuring particle orbits.

OCR output:

support the light-tight bellows. The overall weight of the Gerenkov trigger should not exceed 500 pounds.

B. Spark Chamber - Emulsion Techniques
In the energy range of 100 to 1000 BeV, multiple Coulomb scattering is greatly reduced over that normally dealt with in accelerator experiments. In order to take advantage of the potential increase in precision of angular measurement, new techniques must be developed that are capable of measuring angles of the order of a few microradians. We propose that a likely method for accomplishing these measurements is through a union of spark chamber and emulsion techniques. (13) The orbit of a particle can be roughly established (to a fraction of a millimeter) by photographing several spark chambers along the orbit. The precise orbit may be then established by looking in emulsions located along the particle orbit for tracks having the position and orientation predicted by the spark chamber photographs. Flights of about 24 hours would be practical with emulsions. Longer flights would result in increased difficulty of analysis due to a large number of background tracks in the emulsion. The spark chamber serves to provide time resolution and reduces emulsion scanning to a simple operation, while the emulsions provide micron accuracy in measuring the particle orbit. Figure 3 illustrates a possible combination of spark chambers and emulsions.
The case with which the desired track may be identified from the spark chamber information depends on the number of background tracks. The total primary proton flux is about 2/cm^2-sec. or about 1700/cm^2-hr flight. Secondaries from interactions in the upper atmosphere and in the apparatus will double or triple this figure. Take as a working figure about 4000/cm^2-sr in 24 hours. If the position is known to .5 mm and the angle in the emulsion is known to a degree or better (distortion of the emulsion in processing limits the angular resolution), then the background (B) expected for a

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing only text and no visual images.

-13-
24 hour flight in this cell of phase space is
B = (flux) (area) (solid angle)
= (4000) (—)2 (-57)2
= .12 background tracks
This estimate is an upper limit to the background. There are several ways to
reduce the background problem. One way is to include an additional fourth
emulsion plate after the set of 3 emulsions that would normally be used. Any
ambiguous tracks found in the first three plates would predict a position in the
fourth plate to micron accuracy, and a coincidental track in the fourth plate
would be orders of magnitude less likely than in the previous plates. The
fourth plate need only be examined in case there is an ambiguity in one of the
first three plates. Another trick which could be employed would be to use
double emulsion plates arranged to slide against each other under the control
of a clock drive. Since the time of the interaction is precisely known from
the trigger pulse, it is possible to position the plates as they were at the
instant the particle passed through, and detect the correct particle by seeking
the track which is unbroken at the interface of the emulsion in the region of
the emulsion predicted by the spark chambers. Another obvious way to reduce the background is to refine the positional prediction in the emulsion and
to improve the angular resolution in the emulsion in order to reduce the size
of B. In this regard, recent reports of wire spark chamber performance are
encouraging. Wire spark chambers avoid problems of optical recording
technique and their many sources of distortion. The angular resolution might
be improved by the use of emulsions which are thinner than the standard .6 mm
nuclear emulsion (say .3 mm) and by the use of glass plates with emulsion on
both sides of the plate. The latter approach of using two sided emulsion plates
is a very attractive arrangement because the angle is then known to a small
fraction of a degree by examining the position of the particle before and after

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text appears to be discussing technical details related to estimating the background tracks in the emulsion of photographic plates used for capturing UFO sightings. The text does not mention or describe any specific photographs.

-13-

4-hour flight in this cell of phase space is 

B = (flux) (area) (solid angle) 
= (4000) (1/20)2 (1/3)2
= 12 background tracks

This estimate is an upper limit to the background. There are several ways to 
reduce the background problem. One way is to include an additional fourth 
emulsion plate after the set of 3 emulsions that would normally be used. Any 
ambiguous tracks found in the first three plates would predict a position in the 
fourth plate to micron accuracy, and a coincidental track in the fourth plate 
would be orders of magnitude less likely than in the previous plates. The 
fourth plate need only be examined in case there is an ambiguity in one of the 
first three plates. Another trick which could be employed would be to use 
double emulsion plates arranged to slide against each other under the control 
of a clock drive. Since the time of the interaction is precisely known from 
the trigger pulse, it is possible to position the plates as they were at the 
instant the particle passed through, and detect the correct particle by seeing 
the track which is unbroken at the interface of the emulsion in the region of 
the emulsion predicted by the spark chambers. Another obvious way to re-
duce the background is to refine the positional prediction in the emulsion and 
to improve the angular resolution in the emulsion in order to reduce the size 
of B. In this regard, recent reports of wire spark chamber performance are 
encouraging. Wire spark chambers avoid the problems of optical recording 
techniques and their many sources of distortion. The angular resolution might 
be improved by the use of emulsions which are thinner than the standard .6 mm 
nuclear emulsion (say .3 mm) and by the use of glass plates with emulsion on 
both sides of the plate. The latter approach of using two sided emulsion plates 
is a very attractive arrangement because the angle is then known to a small 
fraction of a degree by examining the position of the particle before and after 
traversing the emulsion.

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document discussing technical details related to nuclear emulsions and momentum resolution measurements. As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

"traveling through the glass, with essentially no corrections necessary since the glass is relatively distortion free.

As an example of the momentum resolution attainable by emulsion measurements, consider the arrangement of Figure 3 for the case of standard nuclear emulsions (0.6 mm thick) supported on glass plates 3 mm thick. The error in determination of the momentum can be attributed to the uncertainty of the sagittal measurement. One source of sagittal error is the measurement of the track coordinate, which can be done to one or two microns. Another source of error is the mechanical stability of the position of the emulsions with respect to each other, and this is probably also of the order of a few microns. The remaining source of error is scattering in the central emulsion plate. The plate has a nuclear interaction length of only about 1 g/cm^2 so that nuclear interactions will be rare (~2%), and undetectable interactions will be much rarer still. For these reasons, only the Coulomb multiple scattering will be considered. There is a "tail" of large angle single scatters for the case of Coulomb scattering, but for the most part, the rms sagittal error (in cm.) will be given by

As = 3.1 p where p = particle momentum in MeV/c, and L = emulsion separation in cm.

The expected sagittal (in cm.) is

s = 2 p^2 (.3H) where H is the magnetic field (uniform, in kilogauss)

It is interesting to note that if the only source of error were Coulomb scattering, then the fractional momentum error would be independent of momentum, as given by the formula

Δp/p = Δs/s = 2/H"

- page 41 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a technical document or report related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document discusses the following:

This result is valid up to moments at which the sagittra measurement error comparable to the false sagittra from Coulomb scattering, so it would be reasonable to choose Z to give approximately equal measurement and Coulomb errors at the higher useful moments.

Wide-Gap Spark Chambers: The wide-gap spark chamber, or "discharge chamber", recently developed by Alikhanian and his collaborators, triggered by a pulse from the Gerenkov trigger, completes the experimental train in the balloon load. This type of spark chamber appears to be able to provide spatial resolution comparable to that of a hydrogen bubble chamber.

Spark chambers of this type have been built by Strauch at Harvard, and their performance is excellent in all respects. His chambers have the form shown in Figure 4. They are sensitive for 5 μ sec and require no clearing field. The pulser is a Marx generator using 15 standard "color television capacitors" charged in parallel to 450 kV and discharged by spark gaps in series at 450 kV. The light intensity is high enough for photography at f/4.5, so a good depth of focus can be obtained. Strauch advises taking two photographs, one at f/4.5 and another at f/1.2, on the chance that fainter tracks may also be present. He shows pictures with about 20 tracks of good quality in the chamber simultaneously. Tracks can branch, as shown in the left-hand side of Figure 4. He compared the measured momentum of cosmic-ray particles in the upper and lower halves of a 32-inch high-double chamber and found the RMS deviation at 1 BeV/c to be about 1.4% in a 15-kG magnetic field.

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a technical report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, discussing the use of chambers and magnetic fields in an experiment.

-16-
field. This is quite comparable to modern bubble chamber standards. 
We plan to use these chambers for detecting secondaries of the inter-
actions. Strauch(16) reports that tracks can be seen up to 40° from the electric
field direction. Assuming p = 1 for secondaries in the center-of-mass system
the median angle, 0m, for secondaries is given by (4)

0m ≈ 1/2mp, G2
Ep

where the subscript "p" refers to primary proton. For 200 BeV protons, 0m
is about 6°, and the detectors should have good geometry for most secondaries
from an interaction in the hydrogen target. (Actually, the motion imparted to
mesons which leave a fireball that travels backward in the center of mass is
such that occasional particles come off at angles of 50° or more in the labora-
tory system. This is a reason for considering thinner targets such as a LiH
target. (See Appendix II)

Evidently there is a good deal of development work being done on
these chambers and our major effort will be one of adaptation to the problem
at hand. One interesting developmental experiment will be seeing if the cham-
bers will operate at 230° K, the temperature of the stratospheric environment
or, indeed, if they will operate at cryogenic temperatures as a step in simpli-
fying the design of that portion of the experiment.

D. Superconducting Magnets
Magnetic fields are used in this experiment to provide a means
of analyzing the momentum of the incident proton and of interaction products
from the target. Because of power and weight constraints, these magnets
must be superconducting.
Since 1961, when Kunzler and his collaborators(17) stimulated great
interest in superconducting magnets by developing wire cored with a high-field

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Superconductor, Nb3Sn, many useful coils have been wound. These operate basically, utilizing the effect that, at sufficiently low temperatures and below a critical value of applied magnetic field, high-field superconductors have essentially small dc electrical current densities. (-10^3 A cm-2). Though the application of this effect has been far less direct than this simple statement would imply, the physics of high-field superconductors is now essentially understood, at least in phenomenological terms, and there are in fact six firms engaged in the commercial production of small research magnets up to 80 KG.
An early attempt to account for the discouraging critical current degradation observed in superconducting magnets was made by Montgomery(18) and by Chandrasekhar and Hulm(19) who introduced the idea that the degradation was dependent on the size of the magnet. This idea reached the status of a theoretical model by Smith and Rosenbaum(20), but has been discredited in experiments of Coffin and Gauther(20) and, indeed, by the general experience of workers in the field. The most outstanding testimony to its inapplicability is provided by Koli(21), at Lockheed/Palo Alto, who has wound large-diameter hoop coils as part of an Air Force sponsored feasibility study to provide electron shielding for the Agena vehicle. His largest coil is six feet in diameter, has 33 lb. of 10 mil 3NbZr windings, and performs comparably with small coils (field at origin, Bo = 800 G, field at windings, Bg = 20 KG, critical current, Ic = 18.5 A).
Large values of integrated field are required to resolve the range of momenta under study in this experiment. Inasmuch as the necessary counting rates dictate the use of a large aperture, the field strengths needed are low. Superconducting magnets producing relatively uniform fields are planned.
There are four reasons for this design:
(1) An important benefit of field uniformity in a large-gap magnet is...

- page 44 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a blank agenda page with the title "AGENDA" at the top.

AGENDA

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a technical report discussing the weight reduction that results from the lowering of the field at the windings and the subsequent relaxation of the motor force. It discusses various consequences of lowering the winding field, such as operating the superconductor well below the high-field region, minimizing the effect of relative displacement of components, reducing computational errors, and handling the magnets during flight. The report also mentions the use of liquid nitrogen and a "thermally-activated, superconducting or 'persistent' switch" to energize the magnets.

Text extracted from the document:

the weight reduction that results from the lowering of the field at the windings and the subsequent relaxation of the motor force. If we consider two simple examples of magnet producing the same field, Ba, at the origin, a current loop and a uniform-field sphere, then the conductor mass required for the sphere is 1.18 that for the loop, but the mass needed to constrain the windings is reduced by a factor of Bae/Ba, where Ba is the field at the surface of the windings of the loop. In the coils under consideration this involves combined conductor and constraint reductions of about 45%.

(2) A second, equally important consequence of lowering the winding field is that one operates the superconductor well below the so-called highfield region where its useful application is just emerging. Therefore, we have the comfort of not having to hinge the success of the experiment on the development of 100 kg techniques.

(3) The use of uniform fields tends to minimize the effect of relative displacement of components in the system and reduces errors.

(4) The uniformity also reduces the computation and errors in the data reduction by increasing the order of the corrections which must be applied. In operation, the two magnets will first be precooled with liquid nitrogen and then, if practicable, with liquid hydrogen (the enthalpy to be removed is 102 MJ). Liquid helium will then be introduced and, when cold, the magnets will be energized. Before the flight begins they will be shorted with a thermally-activated, superconducting or "persistent" switch. It will probably be necessary to de-energize the magnets before the vehicle returns to earth and, in any case, one will have to provide a means for protecting the magnets and equipment affected by their field in the event superconductivity is destroyed and a magnet "quenches". Before discussing the dissipation of the stored field energy of a large, superconducting magnet, let us get a feeling ...

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a technical document or report describing the specifications and properties of a large-gap, uniform-field coil. The text discusses the design, calculations, and stress analysis of a spherical magnet used in this coil configuration.

text output:

For its plausibility in this application. Although the magnets ultimately designed for this experiment need only take some approximate form of the general ellipsoid and may have access holes at the poles for photography and, possibly, beam windows on the equator, we will consider a simple example of a large-gap, uniform-field coil.

The 1.5 m-diameter, 15 kG field required for the 1 m-square wide-gap spark chamber is produced by a spherical magnet wound with 10 mil-diameter 3Niz wire supporting a winding current density, J, of 2 x 10^4 A cm-2. The gap field (in practical cgs units) is given by:

Bo = 8.3 x 10^4 / 30

oriented along the polar axis. θ = 0, and the coil has a radial winding thickness of

t = to sin θ

The mass of this shell is given by 

M = 15r Bo^2p / 4 vw

Whereas a_o is the mean radius and p is the density of the windings. In the example under consideration, the coil mass is 690 lb. of which 440 lb. is superconductor, the balance being divided between copper-cladding on the wire (140 lb) to help protect it and stabilize its operation against "flux jumping", and high thermal conductivity epoxy and glass filament to bond the structure.

The stress analysis of the spherical magnet is complicated by the finite thickness and strongly anisotropic character of the wire-filament-epoxy composite. Fortunately, the maximum stresses which arise are comparable to those found in current experience and well within the limits.

- page 47 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old document containing technical text related to Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text present on the page is as follows:

of the materials. The motor forces on the conductor, averaged over the shell thickness, are radial outward and tangentially directed toward the equator. We resolve these into components normal and parallel to the polar axis and assume that normal component is locally supported by the conductor. The resulting hoop stress, s, is given by 

s = 3/32π B^2 a_0^2 (sin^2 θ + 4 cos^2 θ) dyne-cm^-2

This stress has a maximum value of 2.8 x 10^4 lb wt in^-2 at the poles (where the conductor area tends to zero). This is about 13% of the yield strength of the wire.

The parallel component is supported by the shell and results in a maximum attraction between the hemispheres at the equator of

Sy = -9/8 B^2 a_0^2 /8 dyne

which gives a compressive stress of 4 x 10^3 lb wt in^-2. This is about 1/5 of the low temperature compressive strength of glass filament epoxy. As a result of this loading there will be additional hoop stresses, tensional at the equator and compressional at the poles, having magnitudes of a few thousand lb wt in^-2.

On the inside face of the windings the local hoop stress in the wire rises to 2.8 x 10^4 lb wt in^-2 and gives local shear stresses as high as 1.6 x 10^4 lb wt in^-2. This is comparable to the shear strength of the epoxy and may require selected orientation of the glass filament. We plan to examine the problem of forces in detail, paying particular attention to local stability and to the dynamic aspects, as it is very important that the superconductor be immobile with respect to the field. In keeping with current practice, ignoring accessibility requirements, let us gain additional rigidity.

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather text describing technical details of a magnet used in a project. As an OCR system, I will output the full text found in the document:

for the 11" di. magnet by winding it with 2 lb wt wire tension on the surface of a 7 1/2" dia steel shell provides enough axial magnetic field strength to provide static stability against the collapsing pressure of the windings. This spherical shell is 2 cm thick and weighs 930 pounds, bringing the coil weight to 920 pounds.

The stored energy in the field generated by this magnet is 3.5 MJ. 

If this wire carries 20 A, then the inductance is 1.8 x 10^-4 H. This offers no problem so far as energizing is concerned; a 200 V, 4 kW supply can do it in about half an hour. If the magnet is de-energized or, in the worst case, quenches, the situation is not so pleasant, as one must avoid locally unsealing the wire or bringing the field down so fast so as to distort the coils or adjacent apparatus.

The way to obviate the problem of quenching is to spread the disturbance gradually as possible, in the case of a large magnet, let the field collapse at a safe rate. The curves can be accomplished by providing high local thermal conductivity to a sink of high specific heat and by breaking the coil electrically into many shorted sections so as to promote the quenching generally by mutual coupling. The field can be made to decay slowly by providing a very well coupled secondary of low resistance and a short primary time constant so as to decouple it from the energy. Fortunately, this is easy to do in a large coil because the fraction of total volume taken up by windings is small.

The time constant, to, of a spherical shell of resistivity, y, with a current distribution appropriate to the uniform field does not depend on the number of turns in the shell and is approximately given by

To = 2π x 10^-9 y/p M

where M is the mass of the shell of density, p. The 140 lb of copper cladding on the wire is an almost ideally-coupled secondary, as well as being electrically.

- page 49 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

-22-
and thermally intimate to the superc onductor. If we assume these relationships to be perfect so that the specific heat of the 3nbZr is available, then the adiabatic dissipation of 3.5 M/ provides a temperature rise of 12°K. Unfortunately, the change in the resistivity of the copper with temperature implies a system time constant of about .6 sec. This sounds rather fast, so we will take advantage of the nonlinearity of the dependence of resistivity on temperature and add another 300 lb of copper to get a time constant of about 10 sec.
As we are constrained by the vehicle weight limitation, we will assert that this solution is satisfactory, though we recognize that the quenching problem constitutes a major development area in building the bigger magnet. When we have dealt with the lesser problem of decoupling the primary and ensured the local protection of the superconductor, we will examine the general effect of field cooling. If the 10 sec. afforded by -240 lb of copper proves to be impossibly fast, and something of the order of minutes seems reasonable, there are two alternatives. We can keep the copper in the temperature range of its residual resistivity by cooling it with liquid hydrogen from the target. A 300 lb copper shell, surrounding the windings for good coupling but thermally insulated from them, would take about .25 s to dissipate the field energy and boil off about 100 liters of LH2, a reasonable quantity in terms of the boiling heat transfer coefficient for hydrogen and the available area.
If this is insufficient, we can try another metal, like sodium, which generally surpasses copper electrically and thermally at low temperatures. About two orders of magnitude better in this application because of these properties and its low density. Taylor(22) at LRL, Livermore, has studied the use of sodium for cryogenic magnets and reports obtaining residual resistances of the order 10-9 ohm-cm in finished magnet assemblies.

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The text appears to be a technical discussion about magnets and charging times, related to the Project Blue Book investigation.

Text from the document:

If we replace copper with sodium in the example of the previous paragraph, we get a decay time of about 4 x 10^3 s.

In charging the magnet, any shorted turn will cause a dissipation of energy at cryogenic temperatures and lengthen the charging time. However, assuming unity coupling between primary and secondary, the energy transfer ratio, Rw, is related to the primary and secondary time constants, Tp and Ts, and is given by:

Rw = Ts / (Tp + Ts)

We merely need charge the magnet in a time long in comparison to the secondary time constant to avoid this inconvenience. 

Another problem to be solved in the development of these magnets is the one of quality assurance for the wire. At present it is practicable to buy wire in 20,000 ft lengths. For the bigger magnet this means about 100 pieces of wire. It will be desirable to wind each piece into a solenoid capable of developing about 20 kG at 20 A, using a coil form designed as a supply spool for the winding machine. Each solenoid will be tested at 4.2°K and then, having passed performance specifications, its wire will be wound into the magnet. In order to keep the handling costs down, we will have to work out simpler techniques for winding solenoids than those in current use. We plan to investigate the possibility of using multi-strand conductor, though the economics of this decision depend largely on what kind of warranty assurance we are able to reach with the manufacturers. The present cost of wire is about $400 lb^-1; we have estimated material costs for our magnets at $600 lb^-1 to reflect the necessity of the assurance program.

With the provisional assertion that the quenching problem can be solved with the expenditure of an additional 300 lb of vehicle weight, the...

- page 51 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a technical document or report.

magnet now weighs 1,220 lbs. Although it is not very elegant in terms of engineering design, it is mechanically rugged and magnetically stable, and it will work in principle. Therefore, it appears that superconducting magnets can provide the needed values of integrated field and still be light enough to be useful.

E. Liquid Hydrogen Target, Structure and Cryogenics
The essential problem here is first to design a strong, lightweight cryostat that will provide the necessary environment and support for the magnets and target and allow the inclusion of the spark chambers, cameras, and other equipment. Then we must integrate this structure into a vehicle which must not only have sufficient mechanical rigidity for the experiment, but must maintain its integrity in response to the rigors of flight, landing, and transportation. It must also be designed with an eye toward the possibility of internal failure or even catastrophe.

In order to investigate design problems and get some feeling for the weight of a vehicle which meets these criteria, let us again adopt the simple engineering approach used in the design of the spherical magnet in the preceding section. We will construct the cryostat with stainless steel vacuum walls, in the form of cylinders and spheres of sufficient wall thickness to be stable against atmospheric and weight pressure, and use metallized mylar "insulatiori" on the cold vessels to control the radiation heat load. This approach, shown in Figure 5, turns out to be crude "state of the art" but serves to set an upper limit to the vehicle weight and, at the same time, emphasizes that we need not go to the sophistication of spacecraft in our ultimate design.

The magnets are oriented as a quadrupole to provide rotational

- page 52 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a technical document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book and the study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document discusses the stability and design considerations of a vertical structure or vehicle. It mentions details such as the weight estimates of the components, the use of the Gerenkov detector, and the effects of the helium-to-hydrogen temperature transition. The text also discusses the design of a truncated tetrahedral pyramidal cage made from welded steel tubing, which is supported by elastic members for shock resistance.

Here is the text output from the document, as requested:

stability about the vertical. In this orientation the fields add, though the contribution is only about 1%. To first order, this contribution results in a 120 G gradient across the 3 KG analyzing magnet which does not seem serious in terms of the distortion of its shell. However, this is an effect which must be included in the computer design of the entire system. The hydrogen target supports the magnets. Thus a major source of heat load on the helium is returned to hydrogen temperature and all the cryogenic structures are tied together for mechanical ruggedness. As the vacuum shell must be stiff to the atmosphere, we use its strength against members in tension returning to the cold structure. The major support point for the cold structure is the platform on which the Gerenkov detector reposes; this is also the ultimate tie-point to the balloon. Lateral support for the target and magnets is provided by tension members returning to stiffening rings on the vacuum wall. The estimated weights of the components and structural members is given in Table 1. We see that the experiment seems reasonable from this standpoint with a total estimated weight of 7,760 lb, but the problem of landing is a little troublesome.
The vehicle will strike the earth in a more-or-less vertical attitude and it is undesirable that it land on the vacuum wall. Figure 5 shows a truncated tetrahedral pyramidal cage made from welded steel tubing with the experiment hanging inside, supported by elastic members for shock resistance. This design has the advantage that the balloon can be tied to the cage and that, once on the ground, the vehicle retains some of its vertical orientation and has little tendency to roll. It weighs 600 lb, but this figure can probably be reduced in design, or we can turn to other possibilities, such as pneumatic pillows of multicellular structure.
Both the ground-surface and stratospheric heat loads on the cryogenic components are given in Table 2. Fortunately, because the ambient temperature is relatively low, these loads are not excessive.

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

temperature drops to about 230° K, the radiation loads decrease to 30% of the 300° K value and the conduction loads to about 75%. The heat loads consist of radiation from the warm walls, support conduction, and conduction along electrical leads. All of these can be effectively counterflow heat-exchanged with the boiloff of hydrogen, and in particular helium.

The winding support structure of the magnets also acts as a heat exchanger with liquid helium circulation in imbedded copper tubes fed by gravity from a 27 liter storage vessel near the upper magnet. This supply is adequate for a 24-hour flight, including ascension time. All liquid vessels are pressurized to 1 atm absolute to keep the latent heat of vaporization high in the low ambient pressure of the stratosphere and are provided with surge barriers to prevent liquid loss from possible sudden deceleration during ascension. Hydrogen venting is done at a point well removed from the vehicle, and provision is made to jettison the target contents before landing. The total LH2 enthalpy to 273° K is about 400 MJ, so the most energetically economical thing will be to pressurize the target and eject liquid directly, though this procedure, as well as the whole hydrogen transport problem, deserves careful study.

F. Developmental and Operational Support
Having completed our discussion of the specific elements of the experiment and the vehicle design, we will turn now to examine briefly a few relevant areas that have to do with the development and operation of the experiment. Beyond noting that detailed problems relating to the operational support of the working experiment exist and have practicable solutions, we will confine our attention to the development program and those areas affecting it.

The experiment will be operational in two years. In order to achieve this, we will focus our attention on the following:

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of text from a project blue book document.

The text in the document is as follows:

"this we must complete prototype testing by the end of the fifth quarter. Evidently some elements of the experiment, the vehicle for example, will require development and may be designed in detail as soon as the physical design of the experiment is completed. Others will require considerable development or prototype effort. Fortunately, most of the testing can be done by "flying" the component in an environment chamber in the laboratory. One exception to this is the Cerenkov trigger which depends on the cosmic rays of the stratosphere for its complete evaluation. Thus we must make early contact with the realities of balloon-flying. (See Appendix II).

1. The Balloon
At the present time there are three commercial concerns offering their services to balloon users. These companies will handle all aspects of launching and recovery. As a rule of thumb, the flight of a balloon with a volume of V million cubic feet costs about 2V thousand dollars. This rate applies to simple balloon systems in the capacity range of about 1 million cubic feet, such as would be used in the first flights (see Appendix II). The larger and more elaborate balloon systems such as would be required for some of the final flights might cost up to 100 thousand dollars. For orientation, the 5 million cubic foot Stratoscope II balloon carried a 3-1/2 ton payload to 80,000 feet and cost 53 thousand dollars.
We shall, therefore, assume that we do not have to become balloon experts in order to use cosmic-ray protons as bombarding particles.
We expect to start making use of these services in the third quarter to obtain data for the Cerenkov trigger development and we will establish a field support effort early to handle these experiments and get familiar with the general problem."

- page 55 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image contains text from an advisory panel meeting on the scientific use of balloons held on 15 November 1965. The text covers the agenda for the meeting, including minutes of the previous meeting, actions on prior panel recommendations, the annual report, a review of facility activity, ballooning requirements, and azimuth stabilization and startracker requirements.

ADVISORY PANEL ON THE SCIENTIFIC USE OF BALLOONS
MEETING -- 15 NOVEMBER 1965

AGENDA

1. Minutes of the meeting of 16-17 September 1964. 
A copy of the minutes of the meeting of 16-17 September 1964 is enclosed. Appendix A. Acceptance of the minutes with any necessary corrections is requested.

2. Actions on prior Panel recommendations -- Alvin L. Morris 
A summary of prior Panel recommendations and the action taken on each will be given orally at the meeting. This is to be given principally for information but the Panel is invited to offer comments.

3. Annual Report -- Alvin L. Morris
A copy of the Annual Report is enclosed, Appendix B and forward to the Director of NCAR with Panel comments and criticisms.

4. Review of Facility activity in the current calendar year -- Alvin L. Morris
A resume of the activity of the Facility during the current fiscal year will be given orally to bring the Panel up-to-date. Key staff members will be available to answer questions, and Panel comments are invited.

5. Ballooning requirements -- Thomas W. Bilhorn
Requirements for scientific ballooning appear to be changing. The Panel is asked to review the evidence of this change, to be presented orally by Mr. Bilhorn, and to comment on our interpretation of the evidence. The future course will be determined by Panel discussion and the results stated and implied requirements; therefore it is important that our interpretation be well founded and intelligent.

6. Azimuth stabilization and startracker requirements -- Jack M. Angvine
Several users or potential users of NCAR ballooning services are mentioned.

- page 56 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text about various aspects of a project, including telemetry, optics, and data analysis. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output the text found in the document:

2. Telemetry
The engineering problems associated with the transmission of important flight and space measurement data from the vehicle are not serious, except, possibly, for those relating to altitude and power limitations. We merely mention the subject because there will be an early need, and more importantly, because nearly every element of the experiment must be considered in the design of the telemetry equipment.

3. Optics
Like telemetry, the optics planned for the experiment are quite conventional. We will need several cameras using standard bubble-chamber film, so that the data may be scanned on existing equipment. Possibly one of the cameras will be used to photograph the spark chambers in the momentum analyzer and another will be used in conjunction with the wide gap spark chamber to obtain stereoscopic photographs. In the latter case, we plan to provide polar access through the chamber magnet for photography. (The recent rapid strides being made in "filmless spark chambers" may obviate the need for cameras to record the position of sparks in the upper, narrow-gap chambers.)

4. Data Analysis
For the most part, there are no major new problems involved in the scanning or measurement of photographic records which are recovered from a balloon flight. The wide-plate spark chamber will produce photographs that are easily scanned and measured on the standard bubble chamber analysis equipment. Spark chamber photos of the type required for use in the emulsion measurements need be measured in only one coordinate to moderate precision. Although this could be done on standard bubble chamber measuring machines, it would probably be more

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, discussing technical details related to emulsion measurements and a proposed program for investigating high-energy gamma-ray physics in the upper atmosphere.

The text in the document is as follows:

efficient to build a special one-dimensional measuring device for this particular job. The emulsion measurement would require equipment designed to position and orient the emulsion so that the desired track is in the field of the measuring microscope and roughly along the optic axis. The desired track would appear as a wigging spot when the microscope scanned through the emulsion depth. Once a track was identified by this technique, the precise position would be determined with respect to a 1 mm grid printed on the emulsion, as is standard practice in emulsion work.

In summary, except for emulsions, the techniques of measurement are quite conventional. The emulsion measurements would differ in that somewhat specialized equipment would be required, and the measurements would be done as the last step in the analysis of events when the particle orbit and the need for the emulsion measurement was established from a preliminary analysis of the other information. Emulsion techniques are not new to the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory. There is presently a technical staff of about 15 persons at Berkeley who scan and measure nuclear emulsions, and a program is already underway to develop automatic equipment for measurement of emulsions.

V. Conclusions
There are reasonable technical grounds for believing that meaningful and precise high-energy gamma-physics experiments in the energy range 100-1,000 BeV and beyond can be performed in the upper atmosphere. The feasibility of these experiments depends on a number of techniques and recent technological developments discussed in this proposal. The cost of the proposed developmental and experimental program (see Appendix I) is small in comparison to other proposed methods of investigation in this energy range, though the comparison must be made with the exploratory nature of the experiments in mind.

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document describing the personnel, facilities, and budgets associated with the project.

VI. Personnel and Facilities
This section provides details about the key personnel involved in the project, including Professor Luis Alvarez as the principal (faculty) investigator, Dr. W. Humphrey as the co-experimenter who will serve as project leader, and Professor S. Silver who will have general administrative responsibility for the project and its relationship to the academic program. A number of graduate students will work with Professor Alvarez for advanced degrees under the program and will be employed as research assistants by the Space Sciences Laboratory.

The major part of the development of the instrumentation and the auxiliary equipment will be done by Professor Alvarez' group in the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory where facilities are already available for a project of this magnitude. The Space Sciences Laboratory will provide assistance with balloon techniques and instrumentation of telemetry; the staff members of the Laboratory have considerable experience in conducting balloon-borne experiments.

VII. Budgets
This section describes how the budget is set up in accordance with the division of activities described in Section VI. The Space Sciences Laboratory and the Radiation Laboratory operate under somewhat different rules and procedures, and their overhead rates differ. The budget is therefore divided into two parts, one covering the work to be conducted by the personnel of the Space Sciences Laboratory and the other covering the work to be done by personnel of the Radiation Laboratory. The latter is detailed in quarterly periods in Appendix I which follows the presentation of the composite budget.

- page 59 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with the text "Budget and Appendix I not included."

Budget and Appendix I not included.

- page 60 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document titled "Appendix II - Preliminary Balloon Flights". The text in the document describes the proposed balloon flight experiments, including details about the first two flights, their objectives, and the expected results.

Appendix II
Preliminary Balloon Flights

The proposal outlined in the body of this paper represents what probably would be the most sophisticated package to be used in the program of balloon flight experiments. Such a device represents a great deal of engineering, ground testing and construction time, and the first balloon flight for the entire system would probably not take place until between one and two years after the program started. In the meantime, several smaller pieces of apparatus must be flown in order to test certain of the experimental techniques. Some physics would come out of these first flights. The following paragraphs describe the nature of these first few preliminary balloon flights, and what results would be expected of each. It is unrealistic to list more than a few of the anticipated test flights, because the information from the first few flights will undoubtedly determine the nature and number of further test flights. At the end of the appendix, there is a discussion of alternate configurations to the one proposed in this paper which might provide useful physics later.

Flight 1 and 2
The first flight would probably take place about six months after the beginning of the program. The principal function of this flight would be to test the operation of the Cerenkov trigger system. The most important information from this flight would relate to the durability and opacity of the light tight Cerenkov gas enclosure, and the detecting efficiency of the device. In the first flights, the launching procedure for the rather bulky Cerenkov gas enclosure would be tested.

- page 61 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a technical document or report, containing text describing an experimental setup involving a Cerenkov trigger assembly, emulsion plates, and spark chambers.

The text in the document is as follows:

The experimental train would consist of the Cerenkov trigger assembly itself followed by a series of two or more assemblies consisting of a lead radiator followed by a scintillation counter. The radiator-counter assembly serves to identify electrons which trigger the Cerenkov counter, by detecting the large scintillation pulse resulting from an electron shower in the lead. Several plates are needed because a single plate would not be effective for electron energies in the region below 500 MeV. If all went well, the data from the flight should be consistent with the present estimates of cosmic ray proton flux. In addition, useful information such as background counting rates and the high-energy electron flux would be available. The electron flux as a function of altitude should also be consistent with the incident proton flux and the interaction cross section. It is interesting to note that primary cosmic ray fluxes have been estimated from measurements on the earth's surface. This flight would constitute a direct measure of the integrated high energy proton flux, assuming the Cerenkov detector functioned correctly.

Shortly following the first flights, further flights would be carried out to test the spark chamber-emulsion technique, and the wide-gap spark chamber. The emulsions from these flights would provide a sample of data with which to develop the measuring techniques. The important point in regard to the wide-gap spark chamber would be the detecting efficiency for a shower of pions produced by a nuclear interaction. The operation of the cameras for the emulsion spark chambers and the wide-gap spark chamber would be checked out in these flights.

The experimental arrangement would consist of the Cerenkov trigger, followed by at least three emulsion plates between a pair of spark chambers.

- page 62 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

Followed by a target, followed by the wide plate spark chamber, and finally a set of radiators to identify electrons, as in the first flights. Particles which are identified as high energy protons can be considered to have a straight orbit, as an aid in calibrating the emulsion measurements. With a series of three or more emulsions, in the spark chamber-emulsion module, it is possible to establish the stability of the emulsion structure, as well as measurement techniques. Deviations from straightness for the high energy protons must result from emulsion measurement error, mechanical mounting error, and Coulomb scattering. In fact, if things go well, some estimate of the energy of individual protons might be made on the basis of the multiple scattering of the proton between emulsions. A check on the efficiency of the wide-gap spark chamber, the tracks found in the upper half of the chamber could be traced into the lower half of the chamber to make sure no tracks are lost. Another point of interest would be the chamber's ability to detect the individual members of the narrow central cone of pions (those moving forward in the center of mass system). The minimum angle or separation between two resolvable tracks would be established. These flights would serve as pilot runs to the final experimental configuration. All the major experimental components would be present, and the data analysis system could be applied to data of these flights. Moreover, the physics data available from these relatively simple flights would already be far superior to that presently obtained by conventional emulsion methods.

Flight 5 and beyond
The fifth flight would probably be the earliest possible flight to carry a superconducting magnet. Among the numerous tests in this flight would

- page 63 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As per your instructions, I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

be the study of magnetic interference with other equipment such as camera mechanisms, and the new recovery problems. All flights from this point on should yield valuable physics data.

Alternate physics flight configurations

Although it is desirable to try some balloon flights with a liquid hydrogen target, such as described in this proposal, there are also advantages to using other types of target material such as lithium hydride or hydrocarbons. Aside from the obvious simplification resulting in eliminating the bulky cryogenics associated with the hydrogen, there are also advantages in the form of increased counting flux and larger solid angle at the wide gap spark chamber. The increased counting flux comes about as a consequence of the shortening of the entire apparatus with removal of the hydrogen target, which allows us to accept poorer geometry at the wide gap spark chamber is the result of being able to place a more compact target immediately above the chamber (perhaps inside the superconducting chamber magnet) and detect larger angle secondaries which would be missed if produced in the hydrogen target.

The wide gap spark chamber, as proposed, is a two section chamber. It would probably be useful to fly some flights with material between the two halves of the chamber (for example lead to convert gamma rays for detecting mesons, or hydrogen rich target material for studying interactions of the secondaries). A few flights without momentum analysis might also be useful.

Although the momentum information from the emission measurements would be missing, the rapid decline of the proton flux with energy combined with the

- page 64 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

START Cerenkov cutoff do provide a fairly short energy spectrum for the proton. The proton energy could be roughly described as 150 ± 50 MeV, which would include 65 % of the proton flux. The gain in eliminating the momentum analysis would be the increase in flux from shortening the total length of the apparatus as well as a reduction of the balloon weight through the elimination of a superconducting magnet and spark chambers. The analysis of such events would proceed more quickly, without having to make the emulsion measurements for momentum information. A combination of the above alternatives would lend to a variety of balloon flights of a modest nature in terms of balloon loads, but capable of providing valuable physics data.

- page 65 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a table listing the component weights of various parts of a device or system. The table is titled "Component Weights" and lists items such as "Target", "Analyzing Magnet", "Chamber Magnet", "Cryostat Structure", "Cerenkov detector", and various electronics components, along with their respective sub-component weights and total weights.

TABLE 1. 
Component Weights

Component	Sub-comp. weight	Weight
1. Target (V.I. walls) Ends Mises and plumbing 	100 50 150 230	830
2. Analyzing Magnet 	Superconductor and copper Wire support Inside skin Energy dumping Misc.	60 370 30 100 100	1160
3. Chamber magnet 	Superconductor and copper Wire support Inside skin Energy dumping Misc.	580 310 70 300 150	1410
4. 37 l. Helium Reservoir	100	100
5. Cryostat Structure Vacuum wall Chamber max. sphere Internal support External support Landing gear Misc. 	1620 110 100 300 600 200	2930
6. Cerenkov detector	500
7. Analyzing chamber and emulsion stacks and support	250
8. Wide-gap spark chamber	100
9. Cameras	300
10. Electronics (counters and telemetry)	200
11. Electronics (chamber supplies)	150
12. Film 	150
13. Misc.	350
Total weight	7760

- page 66 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. Instead, the image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Agenda, continued.

Services have recently stated requirements for stafftracking and acquisition specialized platforms. Mr. Bilhorn will summarize the NCAR position at the meeting. The Panel is requested to advise NCAR on its major responses to these requirements.
7. Progress on heavy land launch development program -- Thomas W. Bilhorn

Our current operations on the Cape have indicated that specialized equipment and techniques will be critically reviewed by Mr. Bilhorn. Panel comments and recommendations are requested.
8. Request by Dr. Delbouille of Belgium for balloon flight services -- Alvin L. Morris

Dr. L. Delbouille of the Institut D'Astrophysique of the Universite de Liège has requested that NCAR provide flight services for a series of flights planned by him and his colleagues. A brief summary of the experiment they propose and technical facilities they plan to use are enclosed, Appendix C. Dr. Delbouille and Dr. Roland Gauthier have discussed facilities in the U.S. and determined that our facilities meet their requirements best. They were especially concerned about telemetry and command systems; our standard PCM system meets their requirements. Additional information has been requested from Dr. Delbouille in order to determine is these operational requirements more realistically. At present we know that he wishes to fly the equipment to altitudes above 90,000 feet, that it consists of a telescope which must be directed with precision (± 3") at first, but more precision (± 1 800) will suffice and that the payload weight will make the first flight in the autumn of 1966. Additional information will be presented to the Panel at the meeting if it arrives in time.

We foresee no particular operational difficulties and the costs to NCAR beyond our normal operating costs will be almost negligible. Some equipment such as airborne telemetry and command unit may have to be loaned to the project on a long term basis.

The Panel is requested to approve NCAR participation in the request.

- page 67 -

The image shared appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a table with technical details. The table is titled "Component Heat Loads (Watts)" and lists three components - Target, Analyzing Magnet, and Chamber Magnet - along with their conduction load, radiation load, total load (300°K), and total load (230°K).

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

TABLE 2
Component Heat Loads (Watts)
Component Conduction Radiation Total Load Total Load
Load Load (300°K) (230°K)
1. Target 0.7 3.5 4.2 3.7
2. Analyzing Magnet 0.2 0.2 0.4 0.22
3. Chamber Magnet 0.63 0.16 1.09 0.60

- page 68 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a technical document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document states:

"Fig. 1 The hyperbolic mirror M, the ellipsoidal mirror M', and the photomultiplier PM make up the Cerenkov counter C1, C2, and C3 in coincidence trigger the entire system. To exclude interactions before the target, the pulse height in C3 must be no more than that of a single particle.
Fig. 2 Integrated flux of high-energy cosmic ray protons as a function of the integration limit energy.
Fig. 3 Spark chambers S1, S2, and S3 are used to locate particle tracks for precise measurement in nuclear emulsions E1, E2, and E3 located in the uniform magnetic field B.
Fig. 4 Schematic of Strauch wide-gap spark chamber.
Fig. 5 Section of proposed experimental structure."

- page 69 -

The image contains a schematic diagram that appears to be related to a beam momentum analysis in a magnetic field. The diagram does not contain any human faces or identifiable individuals.

Beam momentum analysis in magnetic field, Bl
Wide-gap spark chamber in magnetic field, B2
Image of PM cathode formed by Ml and M2
Optic axis of Cerenkov counter
Axis of cosmic ray beam

- page 70 -

The image appears to contain a graph showing the relationship between proton energy (in BeV) and flux (counts/(cm^2-sec)). There is no human face visible in the image.

Textual Output:

Fig. 2

- page 71 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram or schematic. The diagram appears to show a 3-killogauss superconducting magnet with labeled dimensions and components.

Text transcription:
S1
S2
E1
3-killogauss
superconducting
magnet
E2
B
E3
S3
0.5 meter
Fig. 3

- page 72 -

The image appears to contain a diagram or schematic illustration. It shows a graph-like representation with various labeled components, including "Chamber electrodes", "1450 kV", "50 nsec", "90% Ne, 10% He, 1.1 atm", and "40 cm". The diagram seems to depict some kind of technical or scientific information, possibly related to electrical or energy-related processes, but I cannot identify or name any specific individuals or entities shown in the image.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

1450 kV  
50 nsec
40cm
Gray
90% Ne
10% He
1.1 atm
40°

Fig. 4

- page 73 -

The image contains a detailed technical diagram of a scientific instrument or device. It appears to be a cross-sectional view of some kind of detection or measurement apparatus. The diagram labels and identifies various components of the device, including a "Cerenkov detector assembly", "Spark chambers", "Liquid helium Dewar", "3-kg analyzing magnet", "Cryostat assembly", "Superinsulated liquid hydrogen target", and other technical elements.

OCR Output:

Cerenkov detector assembly
Landing and support cage
Spark chambers
Liquid helium Dewar
Emulsion stacks
3-kg analyzing magnet
Cryostat assembly
Spark chamber
"Superinsulated" liquid hydrogen target
Vacuum shell
15-kg chamber magnet
Wide-gap spark chamber
Camera station
1 meter

- page 74 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. It appears to be a list or table of contents for various studies and reports related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

1. L. W. Alvarez, Study of High Energy Interactions, using a "beam" of Primary Cosmic Ray Protons, Alvarez physics group UCRL 503, May 1964.
2. Report of the GAC-DSAC Panel on High Energy Accelerator Physics, Norman F. Ramsey, Chairman (April 1953).
3. A. J. Dessler, Penetrating Radiation, Chapter 3 of the Satellite Environment Handbook, edited by James A. Van Allen, Stanford University.
4. Marcel Schein, D. M. Haskin, F. Lohrmann, M. W. Teucher, Multiple Meson Production in Nucleon-Nucleon Interactions at Energies of 30 GeV Proceeding of the Moscow Cosmic Ray Conference, Vol. I.
5. C. F. Powell, Summary Talk of Jet Sessions, Journal of the Physical Society of Japan, Vol. 17, Sup. A-III, pg. 492 (International Conference on Cosmic Rays and the Earth Storm).
6. J. Duthie, C. M. Fisher, F. H. Fowler, A. Naddouri, D. H. Perkins, K. Pinkau, H. H. Willis, Spectrum of Nuclear-Active Component of Air-showers at 11,000 meters, Proceedings of the Moscow Cosmic Ray Conference, I, July 3-11, 1959.
7. M. L. Grigorov, V. V. Guseva, N. A. Dobrotin, K. A. Kotelnikov, V. S. Murzin, S. I. Nikol'skii, S. A. Slavatinskii, Studies of Nucleon-Nucleon Interactions at Energies of 2 x 10^13 eV, Proceedings of the Moscow Cosmic Ray Conference, Vol. I, July 3-11, 1959.
8. C. F. Powell, discussion at the 1959 Moscow Cosmic Ray Conference, Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences, Vol. I: 147, Proceedings of the Moscow Cosmic Ray Conference, Vol. I.
9. V. V. Guseva, N. A. Dobrotin, N. G. Zelevinskaya, K. A. Kotelnikov, A. M. Lebedev, S. A. Slavatinskii, Experimental Data on Nuclear-Nucleon Interactions at Energies of 2 x 10^13 eV, Suppl. Nuovo Cim., Vol. 8 (1958), (International Conference on Cosmic Rays and the Earth Storm).
10. M. Miesowicz, Recent Studies on the Fire-Ball Model, Journal of the Physical Society of Japan, Vol. 17, Sup. A-III, pg. 453 (International Conference on Cosmic Rays and the Earth Storm).
11. A.A. Tyapkin, I. L. Rosental, Interpretation of the Two-Center Model within the Hydrodynamical Theory, Journal of the Physical Society of Japan, Vol. 17, Sup. A-III, pg. 502 (International Conference on Cosmic Rays and the Earth Storm).
12. Proceedings of the 1963 Summer Study on Storage Rings: Accelerators and Experimentation at Super-High Energies, Brookhaven National Laboratory report BNL 7534 (June 1963).

- page 75 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

13. William J. Pursey, Proposed Experimental Techniques for Use in High Altitude Particle Physics Experiments, Alvarez physics group note 501, April 1954.
14. Y. Sekido, T. Kanda, T. Murayama, S. Mori, H. Okuda, S. Sakakibara, T. Sekido, T. Mishima, A. Oga, Oneral Laboratory Telescope, Journal of the Physical Society of Japan, Vol. 10, Sup. A-III, pg. 139 (International Cosmic Ray Program)
25. A. T. Altschuler, T. L. Astillari, E. M. Matveevich, A. A. Nazaryan, R. O. Sharkturtinants, Observation of Cosmic Rays in a Two-Electrode Spark Chamber Located in a Magnetic Field, Physical Review, Vol. 97, pg. 97 (1955)
16. Karl Strauch, Harvard Invited Paper at the Washington Meeting (Session R35, April 1954), and private communications.
17. J. E. Kunzler, E. Buehler, P. S. L. Hsu, J. P. Wernick, Superconductivity
of Nb3Sn, Phys. Rev. Letters, Vol. 6, pg. 89 (1961), and Magnetic Field for Nb3Sn, Phys. Review Letters, Vol. 6, pg. 89 (1961).
18. D. B. Montgomery, Current-carrying Capacity of Superconducting Nb-Zr Solenoids, J. Appl. Phys. Letters, Vol. 37, pg. 44 (1966)
19. S. S. Chandrasekhar, J. K. Hulm, Current-carrying Capacity of High Solid Superconducting Solenoids, Appl. Phys. Letters, Vol. 2, pg. 43 (1962)
20. T. I. Smith, H. E. Rorschach Jr., Flux Quantization and Persistent Current, Rev. Modern Phys., Vol. 36, pg. 277 (1964).
21. Clarence Koll, Lockheed, Palo Alto, private communication
22. Clyde Taylor, Lawrence Radiation Laboratory, Livermore, private communication

- page 76 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document describing the professional qualifications of a person named Luis W. Alvarez.

Professional Qualifications
Luis W. Alvarez received his Bachelor of Science degree in 1932, Master of Science degree in 1934, and Ph.D. in 1936, all from the University of Chicago. In 1936, Dr. Alvarez joined the Radiation Laboratory of the University of California, where he is now a professor.

He was on leave at the Radiation Laboratory of Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1940 to 1943 and at the Los Alamos Laboratory of the Manhattan District from 1943 to 1945.

Professor Alvarez is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, American Philosophical Society, American Physical Society, and American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He has received various awards and honors for his work, including the Collier Trophy, John Scott Medal and Prize, Medal for Merit, and the California Scientist of the Year award.

During World War II, he was responsible for three important radar systems - the microwave early-warning system, the eagle high-altitude bombing system, and a blind landing system for civilian and military applications. He also developed the detonators for setting off the plutonium bomb. He flew as a scientific observer at both the Alamogordo and Hiroshima explosions.

Dr. Alvarez is responsible for the design and construction of the Berkeley 40-foot proton linear accelerator, which was completed in 1947.

- page 77 -

There is no photograph present in the given image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Agenda, continued.

the flight series which Dr. Delbouille proposed if in the Panel's view the flights are feasible and warranted by the scientific merit of the proposed experiments.

9. Request by Dr. Luis W. Alvares of the Space Sciences Laboratory of the University of California for flight services -- ALVIN L. MORRIS.

Dr Luis W. Alvarez of the Space Sciences Laboratory of the University of California at Berkeley has requested flight services on a series of high energy particle experiments. A detailed description of these experiments is attached. Dr. and Dr. W. K. H. Panofsky, associate of Dr. Alvarez, has promised to be on hand to answer Panel questions.

The experiments proposed here will require very careful coordination between the experiments and facility personnel, and development of operational procedures. As conceived, some developmental work will have to precede the first physics data taking. The very powerful magnetic field must be given special protection, for example, we can not launch it with a ferocious launch. The equipment required will be quite elaborate in order to control techniques to prevent undue damage on landing. Special facilities, such as will be used to store the sensitized plates prior to use, will be required.

We have endeavored in the past to conduct development programs which would enable us to meet most of the requirements presented to us. The requirement associated with Dr. Alvarez's experiment, although beyond our present capability, appear to be within reach. Further, though they appear to be the specialized requirements of one experiment only, those requirements will require an extensive development and series of flight by others. Therefore we believe that we should not only accomplish the special requirements associated with it. On the contrary, we believe that we should undertake the responsibility for providing the balloonical services required by this group, and possibly utilize their developmental funds from that group when unique techniques must be developed and tested for their program. NCAR must expect to fund those aspects of development which offer immediate significant improvements to general scientific ballooning. It would also expect to pay the fixed costs of operating the Balloon facility as it does now for all scientific flights, but the most of balloon's helium support would be covered by the funds from Dr. Alvarez's program.

- page 78 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element, it is a page from a document containing text only. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

he has engaged in high-energy physics, using the 6 Billion electron volt Bevatron at the University of California Radiation Laboratory. His main efforts have been concentrated on the development and use of large liquid hydrogen bubble chambers, and on the development of high-speed devices to measure and analyze the millions of photographs produced each year by the bubble chamber complex. The net result of this work has been the discovery by Dr. Alvarez's research group, of a large number of previously unknown fundamental particle resonances.

William E. Humphrey received the Ph.D. degree in physics from the University of California (Berkeley) in 1961 and joined the physics staff of the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory. Since that time he has been engaged in elementary particle physics research in the development of data analysis equipment and techniques. He has seven publications on physics and five publications on data analysis techniques.

- page 79 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be the title page of a document from the University of Rochester.

APPENDIX E. UNIV. OF ROCHESTER

- page 80 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document with the header "APPENDIX E." and the text "UNIVERSITY OF ROCHESTER SUGGESTION FOR AN EQUATORIAL EXPEDITION."

APPENDIX E.

UNIVERSITY OF ROCHESTER SUGGESTION FOR 
AN EQUATORIAL EXPEDITION.

- page 81 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

THE UNIVERSITY OF ROCHESTER
ROCHESTER, NEW YORK 14627
Department of Physics 
and Astronomy
August 4, 1965

Gentlemen:

We have now analyzed the results of our balloon flights on the Rose-ROSEX expedition. Notwithstanding the fact that we obtained only 25% (one out of four) of the flights we wanted, we are so delighted with the one flight end for the promise that it holds in gamma ray astronomy, that we should like to propose another equatorial expedition.

As a result of flying our spark chamber, triggered for gamma rays, we are able to set upper limits to the fluxes from several sources of a few times 10-5 gammas per cm2/sec. This is about a factor of 10 better than that obtained to date and is in large measure due to the low secondary background at high altitudes where the spark chamber is able to detect gamma rays without interference from charged particles.

There are quite a few interesting fluxes to look at at the equator and some further down in southern latitudes and we believe that another expedition is certainly merited at this time. A higher altitude would enable us to lower our limits by a factor of two at least, for example Australia, but obtaining a higher altitude would enable us to make statements on fluxes comparable with those obtained at Hyderabad.

We would like at this time to ascertain your interest in participating in such an expedition, since clearly establishing the logs logistics support for one group or many does not represent that great a difference in cost and effort and the more people from whom you could obtain the necessary funding.

We would propose, that roughly speaking, the expedition be scheduled for about two years from now to give appropriate lead time for all particles involved and also so that we could build upon the experience obtained from the last expedition. Preliminary dates indicate that May 1967 would be a likely time. The University of Rochester would be willing to take the lead in responsibility for the Gamma ray astronomy support if appropriate government agencies were to support from approximation. We would ask for support from NSF and NASA and would anticipate much like to engage in such an endeavor and would request a reply by September 1.

We are enclosing a list of people to whom this letter is being sent. We would appreciate your bringing to our attention any omissions we may have made. The list enclosed represents principally those involved in 1965-ROSEX Expedition.

Sincerely yours,

M.F. Kaplon
J.G.M. Duthie

- page 82 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a list of names. The text in the document says:

K. Anderson
C. E. Deney
J.G.H. Dunlop
E. Ehrlich
J. T. Ely
S. Fleischer
J. H. Friedlander
G. M. Frye
D. E. Guss
L. Kate
S. A. Korff
V. Kubeas
V. E. Lally
L. Mackie
K. G. McCracken
P. McDonald
A. McGee
A. Moore
B. Neye
M. A. Pomerantz
L. C. Quin
S. Ruttenberg
M. G. Shepiro
B. Stiller
E. P. Todd
C. J. Waddington
J. R. Winkler

- page 83 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Agenda, continued.

and other similar assignable costs.
The unusual requirements of this request for services
makes it easy to forget the usual operational requirements. 
These may be summarized as follows: 1) flight altitude -- 
85,000 to 100,000 feet, 2) flight duration -- up to 24 hours, 
3) approximate weight -- 8,000 pounds, 4) geographical area 
centered on Cape Kennedy with radius of 300 miles, 5) accel-
erations on landings -- less than 1g, 7) accelerations on 
takeoffs on landing -- less than 1g, 8) number of flights -- 
4 engineering and several physics flights spread over 3 to 7
years.

The Panel is requested to approve NCAR participation in 
the flight series which Alvarez proposes if in the Panel's 
view the flights are feasible and warranted by the scientific
merit of the experiments proposed.

10. Water vapor measurement comparisons -- John W. Sparkman

This program is a continuation of a program started in 
November 1962. A meeting was held in Washington, D.C. on 
7 and 8 October 1965 to explore current interest. A resume'
of the status of the program and plans for its future will 
be given by Mr Sparkman at the meeting. Panel comments are 
invited.

11. Another equatorial ballooning expedition suggested -- Robert
S. Roberta

A second equatorial expedition has been suggested by 
Doctors M. E. Kaplan and J. C. M. Dutilh of the University
of Rochester. A copy of a letter sent by them to the scien-
tists listed is enclosed. Appendix B of NCAR has offered to 
provide ballooning advice and perhaps ballooning management 
assistance if it is deemed essential. Panel comments are 
invited.

12. Election of Chairman.

13. Date and time for next meeting.

END OF AGENDA

- page 84 -

