The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The document is an inter-office correspondence from the Department of Geology at Northwestern University, dated November 14, 1966. The letter is addressed to Professor T. Allen Hynek, the chairman of the Department of Astronomy, from Dr. E. H. T. Whitten, the Department of Geology.

The text of the letter is as follows:

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
Inter-Office Correspondence

DATE November 14, 1966

TO Prof. T. Allen Hynek, FROM Dr. E. H. T. Whitten,
Chairman, Dept. Astronomy Dept. Geology

Dear [redacted],

The specimen is certainly not a UFO. Clearly it is a metamorphic rock. In that it is a piece of metamorphosed quartzite. Having come from the general region of Aberdeen, Maryland, it could well be a relatively local origin because there is a wide assortment of metamorphic rocks to the west and northwest of that town.

It was somewhat surprising to find such scant information about the location of the "find." I would strongly suggest that the Air Force be encouraged about informants to provide accurate location of "sightings" - a little sketch map would help if any report resulted from an investigation team.

Sincerely,
[redacted]

EIHT/s

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

DARE, PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
15 June 1966

Dave de Grace, Maryland 21073

Dear Dave:

Reference your recent unidentified observation. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QITJSTANILLA, JR., MAJOR, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

This page does not contain any photographs. The image shows handwritten text that appears to be a report or account of some kind.

OCR Text Output:

Cliff Saffo, Washington D.C.
Dear Sirs:
About 3 days after the light flashed on my farm and I rushed out and saw a strange machine hovering about 25 or 30 feet from the ground, it came down very slowly, almost smoothly, and set down to the ground. It was circular in shape, about 40 feet in diameter, and had no windows or doors that I could see. The entire object was silvery white in color and appeared to be all one piece.
It sat on the ground for about 5 to 10 minutes and then very slowly and smoothly rose up into the air and shot straight up like a rocket and was gone in about 3 seconds.
This is my personal experience and I thought I would forward it to your office as I realize this must be of interest to people in your field. I hope this information is of some value to you.
Sincerely,
(Signed) 164

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten page from a document.

She believed that a man in a huge car running at a high rate of speed had parked his car and taken a man prisoner. She could not identify the man driving the car but was under the impression it was a man of foreign extraction. She had observed the car leave from the area of the construction work. Her description of the car indicated a large sportsroadster type car.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire related to the unidentified aerial phenomenon that was used for research purposes.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you can provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any conclusions or publications without your permission. The information that you can give may be of great value in furthering this personal information.

1. When did you see the object? _____
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? _____
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was the sight determined? _____
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? _____
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Bright c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

The extracted text from the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you can provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any conclusions or publications without your permission. The information that you can give may be of great value in furthering this personal information.
1. When did you see the object? _____
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? _____
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was the sight determined? _____
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? _____
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The image appears to be a form or questionnaire with various questions and checkboxes related to observations of stars, the moon, weather conditions, and the characteristics of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Dark, pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No, c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes/No, d. Give off smoke? Yes/No, e. Change shape? Yes/No, f. Flash or flicker? Yes/No, g. Disappear and reappear? Yes/No

- page 6 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Gradually disappeared, and seemed to go out (fade)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No)  If you answered yes, what happened? Don't know

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No)  If you answered yes, what happened? Don't know

17. Tell in a few words the things that were most noticeable about the object:
a. Sound: Absolutely silent
b. Color: Yellowish bright

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or a pen's length in line with a known object at the same distance. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Could not determine exact size, but object was very large, at least the size of a house or larger. Object was very bright and appeared to be self-luminous.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch of the object the parts or details you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple oval shape is drawn.]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50-60 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 50 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 56 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO e. Binoculars YES NO
b. Sun glasses YES NO f. Telescope YES NO
c. Windshield YES NO g. Theodolite YES NO
d. Window glass YES NO h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing instructions and diagrams related to sighting reports.

In the following text:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Places an "A" on the curve high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Places an "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the sketch when you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

I will not identify or name any individuals that may be present in the image, as per your instructions.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object last? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 71 SEX: Male
indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may have a bearing on this report. 
I came home to my place of employment & notified the investigator of the observed phenomena. 2101 Constitution Ave, N.W. Washington, D.C. was my official address at the time.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
In March and to the local Base Commander.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on a document page.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 June 1
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire are a narrative explanation as follow: "David Haig calling with army CO, Brandywine Rd who wanted to leave their name off (Chicago Ill)"

- page 11 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The page does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Here is the text that can be extracted from the document:

There is a sample, you want a copy soon in the field case?

- page 12 -

