The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record form, which includes various fields such as "Date - Time Group", "Location", "Witness", "Conclusion", "Brief Summary and Analysis", and others. The form indicates that the case file should be referenced for further information.

PROJECT 10173 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 17 DEC 64 1300<
2. LOCATION: WHITTTER, CALIFORNIA
3. WITNESS: (1 WITNESS)
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Responded reply to letter from Mrs. Maria Biaggini
19 Dec 66

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Reference your recent letter describing a more unusual experience witnessed by you and your husband on the night of 17 December 1966. To do our office has not received any other reports of sightings which could be related to your observation. The project office at Wright-Patterson AFB has not received any other reports from the San Diego area for the night of 17 December 1966.

Request you and your husband complete the attached FTC Form 164 so that our analysts can study the technical details of your observation.

Brig.
17 Dec 66

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an handwritten document. The text in the document appears to be a detailed account or report describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Transcribed text from the document:

"This was the first sighting we had of the unknown window. A cloud was seen in the distance, which upon closer observation turned out to be a glowing sphere and shaped like a shining window. As it approached, the glow and brightnrss increased. The edges of the window appeared to be illuminated or glowing, with the interior slightly darker. When it was closer, it seemed as if it was emitting a haze or glow around its edges. As it was observed, the window just seemed to hang there in the air, moving very slowly and silently. The whole area was well lighted and easy to see. No sound was heard. The window could have been from 10 to 50 feet in diameter. After being observed for some time, two more similar objects appeared and joined the first one. The three then moved off rapidly toward the northeast and disappeared."

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly a report or letter. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

Dear Major-Quintanilla,

Having had read the article on the news about the sighting on Dec. 17, 1966, my husband and I had an experience on Saturday, Dec. 17, 1966 around midnight. 

It was like the following: we were home preparing for bed (the rest of the family was asleep) when we saw a bright light, stationary in the sky. It was like a big star, only much brighter. As we watched it, it suddenly went out, then reappeared. This happened several times when, all of a sudden, it shot across the sky at an unbelievable speed and disappeared. It was in sight only a few seconds each time.

The next day, we heard on the radio and read in the paper about the sightings reported by many in the Whittier, California area that night. We feel that what we saw was the same thing many others reported and we wondered if you had any information on it. I thought you might be interested in our experience.

Sincerely,
[Signature]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten text document.

Dear. All that came up what about the at Ger wens move? (25) right - the windows and a out to- wards tne were about the same distance and tinen it It was about 25.000) as it moved its about for Engles - its it of for a change and it was something new. The object we snouted with the windows and more we had have anything unusual. One neighbor and that those had seen several right in - at the same thing as the others. They up to the about a half mile and down about the same distance that it might a would be contained you about it. Witness, C.A.T. 9660

- page 5 -

