There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document. The image shows a form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Page 4
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES, 1200-3500 F.P.S.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) VERY HIGH
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) c. Outdoors
23. Were you (Circle One) e. Flying over a city?
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) d. Southeast 24.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes b. Sun glasses Yes c. Windshield Yes d. Window glass Yes
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: IT HAD THE APPEARANCE OF A STATIONERY SATURN-LIKE OBJECT, YELLOWISH IN COLOR, WHICH HOVERED MOMENTARILY AND THEN DISAPPEARED FROM VIEW IN AN UPWARD THRUST.

- page 1 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions for describing and drawing the motion of a UFO or unidentified object in the sky. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, where a person has filled out a questionnaire about their experience of seeing a UFO or similar object.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 11/9/ 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 17 SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. as a social worker and community volunteer, i have had an interest in UFO's for some time.  

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 11/10/65 to Air Force Investigator

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. However, there is no photograph contained within this particular page. 

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2-1 Month, November Year, 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire are as follows:

Although it minht have been interesting to have actually meen the object sighted, we did not get to see the phenomenon itself. It disappeared into the sky.

My trip code is : 1-12-14

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a declassified U.S. government program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

Project Blue Book
Undocumented Correspondence Office
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:

It is desired to be informing you on what
we a delivery subject matter, at first it appears to
be some my mind, it had seem other
woke any thing like a jet, and it soon died
out, myasking give some way nett perhaps the
time we passed it, and it soon did
put, unlike what is to about this
way trail near got none way from
away from it, the credit italict was
it something sticking out the bottom (see drawing)
and it turn the house of a solid
it was nothing than a train, what does it
into the sky, it near the house and more
caused the time (12:10) --
Please inform at the proper cut down
the 22nd other woke to discussing.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report, containing only text.

Project Blue Book Information
A.F.O.C.
Washington, D.C. 20390

- page 6 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or an unidentified flying object. The drawing shows a circular central shape with radiating lines or spokes extending from it, labeled "Directional Flight". There is no photograph present in this page of the document.

Text transcription:
No. 1
Directional Flight

- page 7 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn diagram or sketch, but no photograph. The diagram shows some lines, shapes, and text, but it does not depict any identifiable human faces or individuals.

Length of observation - 5 mins.
Woodward - 
N - > [arrow]

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

The text of the document is as follows:

TDW
INTELLIGENCE DIVISION APO, Ohio 45433
13 December 1965

Buffalo, New York 14214

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you provided was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete attached FTD Form 164 and return to in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which was an investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The form is a questionnaire that asks the observer various details about their UFO sighting, such as the date, time, location, and characteristics of the observed object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. Unless this personal information is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 13 AUGUST 1965
2. Time of day: 2 Hours 15 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Rte. 219, East of Concord, Massachusetts
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds: Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright b. Partly Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document or form related to a UFO sighting report.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Hazy
b. Many
c. Don't remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Windy
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid 
b. Transparent
c. Opaque 
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
c. Suddenly speed up but continued in the same direction? Yes  No  Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes  No  Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes  No  Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes  No  Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes  No  Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes  No  Don't know

- page 11 -

The image appears to contain a document from Project Blue Book, with several questions and responses regarding a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Text transcription:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? A FLEW ON, IT SEEMED TO ME THAT IT WENT AWAY TO THE LEFT TO SEE IF AGAIN IT FLEW ON

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it was in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound LIKE A JET JUST SOUNDED DIFFERENT
b. Color WHITE SILVERY

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? THE TOTAL OBJECT WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD WHICH WAS ABOUT 1/2 INCH LONG WHEN HELD AT ARM'S LENGTH

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, protrusions, etc., and append any vapor trails or exhaust.
[Drawing showing a circular object with a dome in the center]

- page 12 -

