There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). The text found in the document is as follows:

1. DAT - TIME GROUP 30 January 65 01/0233Z
2. LOCATION Seward, Pennsylvania  
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 2 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Not Applicable
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION Astronomical (METEOR) 
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Observation of object entering atmosphere described as a decay by the witness. Large silver glow appeared like a shooting star. Oxygen and nitrogen were no fall. Carbon and lithium present.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archive, specifically a letter from Major Hector Quintanilla Jr. of the United States Air Force to an individual with a redacted name, dated February 8, 1965.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (SSBD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
8 February 1965

Mr. [Redacted]
Seward Post Office
Seward, Pennsylvania

Dear Mr. [Redacted],

Thank you for your recent letters describing possible satellite-related sightings. The objects which you have described are similar to similar sightings reported to this office.

Satellite decays are distinguished from meteor observations by the direction of movement, the duration would be slightly longer than that described in your letters.

The Air Force appreciates your improved meteor sightings and is interested in observations that may shed light on the characteristics are important.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR.
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, likely a page from a Project Blue Book file.

Transcription of the text in the document:

HAND PRINTED
[Redacted]
3 May 1922

On 15 April 1922 a small circular lighted object was observed by [Redacted], a commercial pilot, over Seward, Pennsylvania. The object was first seen at an estimated altitude of 2000 feet and was observed for about 10 seconds. It was shaped like a small saucer and had a pulsating or flashing light. The object then disappeared from view in an upward direction.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, possibly a Project Blue Book report, containing only handwritten text and postage markings.

Here is the text output from the document:

Seward, J.s. 
January 11, 1953 

Camel Robinson 
Branch (TSEM) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with some handwritten text in the center.

A carefully stars, but are in wind. Appear to be large white.
Seward

- page 5 -

