The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting the details of an observed UFO incident.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 17 OCTOBER 65 23/23/32
2. LOCATION: Vero Beach, Florida
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: Past
8. PHOTOS: [] Yes [X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [X] Yes [] No
10. CONCLUSION: BALLOON
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object was described as a large silver balloon-shaped object. Witnesses and valve were picked up by power company men who had been alarmed. Couldn't understand why there was a power shortage. Fragments of the balloon had landed on the wires.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book document with a questionnaire or form that the witness has filled out.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color:

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and specifically indicate trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document reads as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No  
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 3 -

The image contains a sketch and a compass-like illustration, but no photograph.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - [Redacted] Last Name [Redacted] Middle Name 
ADDRESS - [Redacted] Street [Redacted] City [Redacted] Zone [Redacted] State
TELEPHONE NUMBER - [Redacted] AGE - 55 SEX - M
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text in the form of a handwritten response to a questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1965      8      6
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The text provides a handwritten narrative response describing the sighting event, without any identifying details about individuals. The response discusses the observed object and its characteristics, as well as the witness's thoughts and impressions.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text in the center of the page. The text reads: "I tried to take up these details with you on the phone. I am sorry I missed you."

Page 8

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from John F. Spaulding, Chief, Civil Branch, Communications-Electronics Division, Office of Information, discussing the manufacturing of meteorological balloons by the G. T. Schjeldahl Company for the upcoming Gemini 5 launch.

The full text found in the document is as follows:

DEC - 8 1965

Dear Mrs. -------,

The parachute which was recovered near Vero Beach, Florida, was manufactured by the G. T. Schjeldahl Company, Northfield, Minnesota. This particular balloon was probably launched from Cape Kennedy in preparation for the Gemini 5 launch.

The Schjeldahl Company has supplied approximately 1500 of these meteorological balloons to the United States Air Force. They are meteorological balloons which collect data on temperature, pressure, and density of the atmosphere prior to a launch. Balloons of this type are launched as frequently as every 3 minutes during the launch phase of these balloons primarily and up over the water due to a specific recovery pattern.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Chief, Civil Branch
Communications-Electronics Division
Office of Information

Vero Beach, Florida

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a report from the Foreign Technology Division of the Air Force Systems Command regarding a balloon recovered at Vero Beach, Florida on December 2, 1965.

Text extracted from the document:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

DEC 2 1965

TO: HA USAF SAFOIC (Mrs Hunt)

Reference the balloon which was recovered at Vero Beach, Florida. This balloon was probably manufactured by the G. T. Schjeldahl Company, Northfield, Minnesota. This particular balloon was probably launched from Cape Kennedy prior to the Gemini 6 mission. The Schjeldahl Company has supplied approximately 1,500 of these 500,000 cubic foot balloons to the Aerospace Space Center for space missions. Information on temperature, pressure, and density of the atmosphere prior to launch. As long as these balloons are launched as frequently as every five minutes during the last hour of the countdown, they provide data on wind direction and velocity. Past data on these balloons would probably end up over the water due to the prevailing winds.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy For Technology and Sub-systems

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a letter dated November 24, 1965, addressed to an individual whose name has been redacted, discussing the return of an "aluminum 'light bulb'" from the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, but with no explanation of where it came from or why.

The text of the document is as follows:

"Nov. 24, 1965

Washington, D.C.

Dear Miss [redacted],

Got my aluminum 'light bulb' back from Wright-Patterson Air Base, but no explanation of whose, from whence, whether landed, or why.

Not to mention what it is.

May I expect a report on same from your office?

Very sincerely yours,
[redacted]"

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element aside from the handwritten redactions. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

MISS SARA HUNT 
Community Relations REPORT
Pentacon, 
Washington, D. C.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document describing a series of tests using balloon-like objects conducted by NASA's Wallops Island facility. The text describes the key details of the balloons, including their size, materials, and uses for radar tracking and wind velocity measurement. The document is labeled "Memo for the Record" and provides technical details about this experimental project.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

BALLOON:
1. Wallops Island, NASA, is conducting a series of tests, using balloon-like balloons in an experimental project. Balloons are manufactured by the G.T. Schjeldahl Co. (Schill-dahl) of Northfield, Minnesota. The balloons are 14.7 to 15.5 feet long, four inches in diameter, metallized mylar plastic, and the balloons have 3 inflated fins off the tail. Balloon can drift for several hundred miles, depending on winds. Balloons have serial numbers, and Design Release Numbers.
2. The G.T. Schjeldahl Co. also manufactures another type balloon. This balloon is approximately two meters in diameter (about 6 feet), pressurized mylar plastic, and has 3" high projection horns, spikes, reflectors for radar tracking. Used to measure wind velocity before a launch. Have supplied 1500 of these balloons to the Marshall Space Center.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, discussing the launch of large balloons by the G.T. Schjeldahl Company in Northfield, Minnesota. The document describes the technical details of the balloons, such as their size, shape, and construction materials. It also mentions that several balloons were launched, with one launched on October 19 and two others on October 20. The report discusses the public interest generated by the balloon launches and the involvement of the Air Force UFO office at the Pentagon in investigating the balloons. There is no mention or description of any human faces in the document.

October 26, 1965

The Langley Research Center is conducting a research program i.e. for launching balloons. The manufacturer of these balloons is the G. T. Schjeldahl Company, Northfield, Minn. A series of six of these balloons are being launched on the current tests.

The balloon is shaped like a blim 13.7 to 16.3 feet long about 4 feet in diameter. It has a film off the tail which is also inflated. It is made of metallized mylar plastic. 

One was launched October 19, two were launched October 20, and the others in the series may be launched today.

One of these balloons launched last week landed inland about 25 miles (air miles) from Wellfleet Island and generated a flurry of public interest. 

The Air Force Office at the Pentagon called this morning and they had been interrogated about a balloon launched on Paso Beach, Florida, and exploded. They wondered if it might have been launched at Wellflops. The project people here feel that persons finding balloons could, if they want to find out where they came from, write the serial number and the Design Release number on the balloon.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire regarding a reported sighting of an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? DAY - MONTH - YEAR

2. Time of day: HOUR MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEARBY ADDRESS - CITY OR TOWN - STATE OR COUNTY

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) HOURS - MINUTES - SECONDS
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [text redacted]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes - No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object, weather conditions, and other details.

OCRED TEXT:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
 8.1 STARS (Circle One):
  a. More
  b. Many
  c. Less
  d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
  a. Bright moonlight
  b. Dull moonlight
  c. No moonlight — pitch dark
  d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
 a. Clear
 b. Hazy
 c. Scattered clouds
 d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
 a. Dry
 b. Fog, mist, or light rain
 c. Moderate or heavy rain
 d. Snow
 e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
 a. Solid
 b. Transparent
 c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
 a. Brighter
 b. Dimmer
 c. About the same
 d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
 a. Fuzzy or blurred
 b. Like a bright star
 c. Sharply outlined
 d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
 a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
 b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
 c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
 d. Give off smoke or trail? Yes No Don't know
 e. Changesshape? Yes No Don't know
 f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
 g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 15 -

