The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The form contains fields for various details about a reported sighting, including the date, location, source, number of objects observed, length of observation, type of observation, and physical evidence. The text of the form is as follows:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 25 MAY 65 2340/0352
2. LOCATION: Washington, D.C.  
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-4 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: Southwest to northeast
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Astronomical (METEOR)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The object was described as a fireball, much larger and brighter than the moon. Last, very bright, no tail, discharged little white fragments, disappeared without sparks or smoke. Lasted 3-4 seconds. Appeared 25-30 degrees above horizon, travelled several miles high, speed about the same as a meteor.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

AUG -9 1965

This incident of 29 July 1965 is reported for the information of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena.

The object was observed at approximately 2300 hours in the northwest sky at Washington, D.C. by two independent observers. It was described as a white, spherical object hovering or stationary in the sky for several minutes. It then accelerated rapidly northward and disappeared from sight.

J. ALLEN HYNEK, Ph.D.
Astronomical Consultant
Center of Aeronautical Information
Department of the Air Force

COORDINATED BY: Office Symbol

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a printed form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire. The form appears to be used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena that someone has observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be treated with strict confidence and may be useful in the evaluation of similar observations.

1. When did you see the object?
TUESDAY, MAY 25, 1965

2. Time Seen:
11:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): Eastern, Mountain, Central, Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
IN WASHINGTON, D.C.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
3-4 minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Estimated

5.2 Was object seen continuously? 
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): DAY - Bright, Hazy, Cloudy; NIGHT - Clear, Partly Cloudy, Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUn located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. To your left, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

6. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
1. None
2. A few
3. Bright stars
4. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
1. Bright moonlight
2. Dull moonlight
3. No moonlight - pitch dark
4. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? 
9.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

9.2 WEATHER (Circle One):
1. Dry
2. Fog, mist, or light rain
3. Moderate or heavy rain
4. Snow
5. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECTS: 

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode? 
d. Change in brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Disappear and reappear?

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):      Yes       No       Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):      Yes       No       Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Silent
b. Color: Glowing; white (with a reddish fringe)

18. We wish to know the angular or apparent size of the object as compared to a known object seen at the same time. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match, if you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting? How much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
a. About diam. of a nickel, held at arm's (length) (Myself)
b. Quarter (or larger) (Witness A)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
a. Circular, no proturbrances, little (Myself)
b. Oval or lenticular, no proturbrances (Witness A)

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire or survey.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES / NO If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES / NO If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? YES / NO (Circle One)
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES / NO
b. Sun glasses YES / NO
c. Windshield YES / NO
d. Window glass YES / NO
e. Binoculars YES / NO
f. Telescope YES / NO
g. Theodolite YES / NO
h. Other
26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image contains a schematic diagram and some text instructions, but no photograph. The diagram appears to depict the movement or trajectory of an unidentified object in the sky.

The text instructions are as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

One only.

- page 7 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES, NO

31.1 If YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES, NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

WILLIAM MRS.
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20006
We was only one witness. I saw it only

Witness B: CAPT. Librarian, U.S.Naval Observatory, Wash., D.C. 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME 
FIRST NAME
MIDDLE NAME

ADDRESS
STREET
CITY
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20011
STATE

TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 51
SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 

1. Former Lecturer on Marine Meteorology before Navy Retirement Coast Guard Univ. Instructor & Chief 
2. During World War II was an Asst Meteorologist at U.S. Weather Bureau.
3. Now Research Consultant to the Faculty School Industrial College of the Armed Forces, Ft. Lesley J. McNair, Washington, D.C. 20315

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 1.U.S.Naval Observatory, Wash, D.C., 2. Goddard Space Flight Center, USAF. Washington,D.C.
Day Month Year 
2 / 65 Before March

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text is handwritten and discusses various details about a UFO sighting.

OCR output:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     29     MAY     1965
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative supplement of your sighting.

I have a million people and this would account for about 5 thousand that we are not too sure about where they have beem getting these from. However, it probably be right to save more people than the existing being too many of them than the whole more numerous than the existing ones.

I say this to come from USW and we generally classified approximately paralleled that and various types of highly sensitive and classified information which I was right at one time and we could not account for all. We get various pictures of these that and we would presume because of their speed 8t"

- page 9 -

