The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document related to the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 16 AUGUST 65 17/02402
2. LOCATION Columbus, Ohio
3. SOURCE CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Short Period
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Stationary
8. PHOTOS None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No

10. CONCLUSION N/S

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Sighting during night. Solid object with bright bottom. Witness couldn't say whether object was brighter than stars but it didn't grow larger or smaller. No details. No sound. No details about size, shape or altitude. Told machine who made a record but did not say what happened to it.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

Information has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have seen. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, and all information concerning your personal information is confidential.

When did you see the object?
Date: 17-20 Apr.
Time of day: 
Hours: Minutes: (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Central 2. Eastern 3. Mountain 4. Pacific
 
Where were you when you saw the object?
State or country: [redacted]

How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
2.5 Hours Minutes Seconds

How was time in sight determined? 
3.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

What was the condition of the sky?
(a) DAY: 1. Clear 2. Hazy 3. Cloudy
(b) NIGHT: 1. Clear 2. Hazy 3. Cloudy

IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the OBJECT located as you looked at it? (Circle One)
1. In front of you 2. To your right 3. To your left 4. Overhead 5. Behind you 6. Don't remember

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by witnesses regarding their observations of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Luminous or glowing
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compared brightness is some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharp or clear
c. Shimmering or wavering
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or move? Yes No Don't know
b. Move at a constant speed? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions about the observed object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. South c. East d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving?
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you share the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only illustrations and text. The illustration shows a compass rose and a sketch of an object in the sky with angular lines to indicate its path or motion.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with questions about a UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AGE SEX
(indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.)
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
_ _ Day _ _ Month _ _ Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically question 35 from a questionnaire. The text on the page reads:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day / Month / Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
1 Aug 65
Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 2140
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Rt. 621 - 7949
Columbus, State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
28 seconds
Hours Minutes Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY b. Bright c. Partly Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form or questionnaire related to sightings of unidentified objects.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Bright moonlight, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Overcast and pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Few, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. As a light, c. Transparent, d. Don't remember, e. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compared brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply outlined, c. Other, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Suddenly appear and disappear at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
b. Gradually fade away? Yes, No, Don't know
c. Blink on and off? Yes, No, Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it was a distinct trace.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Distant
b. Color: 5.6 or 7.0

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Drawing provided showing a long, diamond-shaped object with no wings or protruding features, with an arrow indicating the direction of motion)

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with multiple-choice and short answer questions.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country-side?
d. In an airplane on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Telescope Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Windshield Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other 

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document or questionnaire related to UFO sightings and reporting.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction from which you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: JOHN BOYD

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] [REDACTED]  [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 11 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day MONTH Year

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather handwritten text on what appears to be a questionnaire or form. 

Capt. Cotton from Columbus Command post called this in to FTD. He was contacted to sign loan from a firm loan a count and his station to the movement of calling.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a report form used by the United States Air Force to collect and evaluate reports of unidentified flying objects.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
17-20 August 1965
2. LOCATION
Columbus, Ohio
3. SOURCE
Civilian
10. CONCLUSION
Astro (STARS/PLANETS) V
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 hours
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
South
8. PHOTOS
0 Yes
x No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 Yes
x No

ALTAIR setting about O400 only ref Ast i.e. body setting at this
time. Motion to South contrary to Astro motion.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Four hours reported as the duration of the sighting, including
nights. Every night from midnight to 4 A.M. (Clear nights only)
Light bright-dim to light-bright, shifting colors, stationary and
also reported as rushing away at times. Observed in west.
Appeared to move from north to south. Small object, about the size of
a star. Thought to be about 150 ft from the observer. Yellow
motion contrary to Star/Planet motion, however, not cast as
Star/Planet due to characteristics and was observed in the same place
at the same hour on all clear nights. Witness reported the object
and sighting to the Air Force, but made no effort to see what it was
(as it was (according that it was within 150 ft). Sufficient
data to establish that the observation reported is inaccurr
ate or illusionary.

- page 16 -

