The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text extracted from the document:

DATE - TIME GROUP
3800 HOURS 19 FEB 65
3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
GROUND VISUAL
7. COURSE
Landing w/men
8. PHOTOS
NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
NO
2. LOCATION
Rivesville, W Virginia
10. CONCLUSION
OTHER: PSYCHOLOGICAL
Comments: Psychological interpretations of witness.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Letter

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Ho Case: Information Only 
Source: AFSC Bulletin, Vol. 2, #2
2 February 1965 
Summersville WV

And at Staunton, on Tuesday night, (February 2) three boys saw, and chased, an object 1,000 to 1,500 feet in the air. The object was about 75 feet in diameter and was traveling west to east. It had a brilliant white light at the front and three smaller yellow lights at the rear. It made no sound and left no trail. The sighting lasted about 2 minutes and was observed at 6:20 PM. A full moon was out.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

SHERIFF SOUNDS WARNING

Richmond, Va. (AP) - February 3, 1965 - Three Disbelievers in flying saucers are about to encounter the reality of them at first hand.

Sheriff J. Joyner of Rockingham County, Va., says his office has received several reports of flying saucers and unexplained objects hovering in the sky. But anyone carrying firearms in the county without good reason, will be dealt with according to the law.

"If these things are real, and I think they are, we don't want to take any chances of someone trying to shoot them down. We've got the right to protect our lives and property, but if they're not hostile, we don't want to stir them up either," he said.

But for the record, a spokesman adds: "Our cases are never Continued for investigation. Continual re-investigation would be fruitless."

AFAP* 1960-4 Controls. refer by authority of Air Force. Other sightings and information should be reported to the nearest Civil Air Patrol Squadron or Air Force Base.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing a UFO sighting report. The text of the document is as follows:

No Case, Information Only
Source: ATIC BULLETIN, Vol 2, # 1

Moundsville, West Virginia, 6 February 1965 
WITNESS: A retired Air Force pilot who was driving on Highway 7 in Rivesville, West Virginia about 6:40 PM Wednesday, February 6, 1965.
FACTS: The witness was driving south on Highway 7 and saw what he believed to be a low-flying aircraft. He stopped his car and watched as the object moved rapidly, estimating its speed at about 1500 mph. The object appeared to be elongated, with no wings, and had lights around the outer edges. It made no sound.
The witness believes it may have been a "flying saucer" but has no definite explanation, but believes it was some type of unconventional aircraft.
(December 50)
They did not submit any report, as "a significant radiation reading" which can be near the scene. No one else seems to have reported the sighting.
Man Dowden ends the article with: "But one thing seems certain, people the world over, no matter how uninformed they may be on the subject of 'flying saucers' come up, think before you laugh, out loud."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, describing a UFO sighting over Boulder, Colorado.

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: UFOB Bulletin, Jul., Aug. '65

UAO: Over Boulder

The report states that a group of students at the University of Boulder, Colorado (USA) reported seeing a "light formation" with "inverted 'V' wings" which came to a point at their trailing edges at 7:35 p.m. on 24 February 1965. They said the object was white against the crisp, dark winter sky. The object was flying in formation at a very high altitude, and at first the witnesses thought they were just stars, but they soon concluded they were not normal stars. The witness said the object made no sound and did not appear to be an aircraft. He had observed such phenomena before and said that the object moved out from the formation in a jerky movement. He said it quickly returned to the formation, indicating it was under intelligent control. The witness said the object was seen to be weaving back and forth across the camp to and they were going from southwest to northeast at a high speed.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SUBJECT: UFO Report - 16 February 1965
CONTENTS: UFO Sighting - Summary Sheet - Relating to Sighting near Groveland, Massachusetts
DATE: 29 February 1965
FROM: Raymond E. Fowler, Chairman NICAP Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee
TO: NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
Washington, D.C.
Attention: Richard Hall (Acting Director)
cc: USAF (AFSC - PID)
Washington, D.C.

The following is a report concerning the sighting of a low-flying disc-shaped object over Groveland, Massachusetts by six Boy Scouts on 16 February 1965 at approximately 3:10 PM EST.

Respectfully submitted,
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator

- page 6 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram showing a UFO or unidentified flying object. The diagram includes details such as a building labeled "BARN", a row of trees, and measurements or dimensions indicated. There does not appear to be a photograph present in this particular page of the document.

THE HAVERHILL GAZETTE, TUESDAY, FEB. 0, 1965 
Groveland
Youths Quizzed
About Object
GROVELAND - Six local 
youths were interviewed Satur-
day night by a representative of 
the NICAP (National Investiga-
tion Committee on Aerial Phe-
nomena), concerning a sight-
ed flying object reported seen
last Thursday night.
Raymod E. Fowler, Weston, 
chairman of the National Inves-
tigation Committee on Aerial 
Phenomena of Massachusetts, in-
terviewed the youths at the same
time as the boys. Fowler said only
about 10 per cent of the persons
reporting such 
phenomena report the incident. He stressed
persons having in 
formation are afraid 
of bein ridiculed in making their reports,
for their names are kept 
confidential if they so desire.
The address of this organization
is Silver Spring Court, Washing-
ton, D.C.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image seems to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

WITNESSES:

Gary Sayathe (age 23)
25 Harding St., Covington, Massachusetts

Lt. David C. Harmon (age 23)
Covington, Massachusetts

Kevin Parker (age 11)
92 Hadward St., Braintree, Massachusetts

Ronald Thompson (age 21)
13 Holden St., Somerville, Massachusetts

PLACE(s): 
42 Talmadge Street, Covington, Massachusetts (K. Parker only)
21 Syrvan Street, Coveland, Massachusetts (K. Parker only)
16 February 1965

On 20 February 1965, I received a UFO sighting report from the Waterhill Intelligence Agency, which had received the information from the above witnesses. The agency stated that the sighting occurred at approximately 8:10 PM EST in the Covington, Massachusetts area.

SIGHTING:
The witnesses stated that they observed an object that was larger than a normal aircraft, round in shape, gray in color, and emitting a bright light from the bottom. The object hovered for several minutes and then departed at a high rate of speed. They were certain that what they saw was not a conventional aircraft.

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The provided text appears to be a typed report or documentation related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) incident.

2-2-65 Rivesville, West Virginia UF0 Report
Reported duration of the sighting: 2-3 minutes
The report indicates that the object was first observed at approximately 6:20 P.M. on February 2, 1965 near Rivesville, West Virginia. It was described as a "white light with a rotating base" that appeared to be hovering or stationary. The object then started to move and traveled in a zig-zag pattern before disappearing from view.

The report includes details about the sighting and observations, as well as an evaluation section that discusses the possible explanations and assessments of the incident.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned image of an envelope addressed to "Mr. Raymond E. Fowler, 13 Friend Court, Wenham, Massachusetts" from the "Air Force Systems Command, Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio" with the attention line "PROJECT BLUEBOOK".

RETURN TO 
Mr. Raymond E. Fowler
13 Friend Court,
Wenham, Massachusetts

Air Force Systems Command
Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, 
Dayton, Ohio
Attention: PROJECT BLUEBOOK

- page 10 -

The image contains a photograph of a newspaper clipping with the headline "AF Balloon Sets Record". The clipping describes how the Air Force recovered a balloon that had reached a record altitude of 113,740 feet, setting a new record for the United States.

AF Balloon
Sets Record
The largest balloons ever launched in
the United States achieved a successful flight at 17 when the Air Force recovered a 
balloon which had reached the record
altitude of 113,740 feet, the Air Force announced.
The previous U.S. record for a single
balloon flight was 106,000 feet.
The mammoth 3.3 million-cubic-
foot balloon was launched Feb 16
from a permanent field station at
Chico, Calif. It was designed to explore
the upper atmosphere and to test
instruments and equipment for use in
future balloon flights.
Arthur Kern of the APCRL was
responsible for the flight. The balloon
carried a 5-foot, 6-inch steel sphere, a
load of scientific instruments.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten text document.

Text from the document:

Aslo see case opened 1964
STATEMENT:
On the night of January 8, 1965 I was driving home from work and coming over a hill on State Route 73 near Rivesville, West Virginia, I saw an unusual light in the night sky, and I stopped my car to observe it more closely. At first I thought it was an airplane, but it did not have the normal blinking lights and it was hovering without any apparent motion. It appeared to be egg-shaped and seemed to be luminous, not reflecting light. I watched it for several minutes and it moved slowly across the sky, finally disappearing behind the trees. This was the strangest thing I have ever seen in the sky, and I am at a loss to explain what it could have been. I have no idea of what it might have been, but it was certainly not an ordinary aircraft. I would be glad to discuss this further with anyone who might be interested in my observations.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Information Only
Source: UFO Investigator, Vol III, No 2, April-May '65
Aptos, California
13 January 1965

A peculiar UFO was observed on Jan. 18, 1965, by Dr. William A. Schults, a college professor, it Arthur, Ohio. At first, the object appeared as a bright star, but suddenly a concave shell, about eight times larger, came from behind the light, reflecting downward on a vertical shaft the light inside. The shell traveled out of sight at jet plane speed. The professor's report was contained by two witnesses.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: KOVAR
19 February 1965
Hanover, Massachusetts

February 19, 1965--Hanover, Massachusetts--At an intersection of Route 3 and 139 in Hanover six men in a car pool saw a fast-moving, very brilliant, pulsating lighted UFO that reversed direction and passed directly in front of their car.OURCE: Boston Travelers, Massachusetts.

- page 14 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY) 
SOURCES: SAUCER NEWS, Sept 63

LITTLE MEN LAND IN FORMOSA, ARGENTINA: According to a newspaper in Mistiones, Argentina, called "La Provincia", on February 21 of this year, at 9 p.m., in the Indian village of Chocon, Formosa, three small "figures" emerged from a craft and approached the little school located there, which has no electricity. A number of persons, some of whom were teachers at the school, saw these small figures, who then saw the crafts, which took off again, departing with great speed, leaving a bluish-green trail. The figures were about 3 feet tall, and walked in an extremely slow and deliberate manner. Some of the witnesses went up to them, and one of the little figures put out a hand, which emanated some sort, of light. The witnesses did not touch the figures, who quickly returned to their craft, which hovered over the place where about fifty Indians had gathered, some of whom rode on horseback to this landing place, but made no move to intervene.
After remaining visible for about three minutes, the craft, which had the appearance of a dome, took off in a slanting position and disappeared rapidly, according to the newspaper, and we have no further information.

SOURCES: SAUCER NEWS, Sept 63 
February Argentina
ONE-EYED GIANTS LAND IN ARGENTINA: A rather wild story from the town of Chocon, province of Formosa. According to local witnesses, during February of this year, a small UFO landed in a field on the outskirts of the town, and several small beings emerged. They were about 3 feet tall, had only one eye, and had an apparatus on their backs. The article states that these creatures went into one of the nearby houses, and tried to kidnap the inhabitants, but were chased away. It also says that this happened for the second time, the farmers opened fire on the intruders. They found to their dismay that the creatures were physically resistant, and apparently could not be harmed by their rifles. After this exchange, the visitors have come down with a strange skin disease, which looks like tiny reddish spots, and are said to move around in a hesitating manner of some kind.

- page 15 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document discussing a sighting of a "PEAR SHAPED UFO" by an observer named Mr. Craig Shull.

TEXT OUTPUT FROM DOCUMENT:

Aaron Area - PEAR SHAPED UFO
Mr. Aaron Area, 53 Homeside Road, February 22, 1965 was about with Mr. Craig Shull, of Rivesville, W. Va. Flying time in all sort of aircraft, was still awake at 1:58 A.M. Looking up be happened to see in the sky something very bright, very high up and quite stationary. This object or craft, pear-shaped, shined very brightly and was coming nearer and nearer, pretty slowly from 5 to W.  When first seen, it was at 50 degrees elevation. Slower in the sky until it came to an almost pear-shaped form, then it began to go away, traveling from NW to SE. The whole episode lasted nearly 15 minutes. They said that the object seemed to be illuminated from within, and appeared to be very large, the illumination was so bright that it was easily visible even though it was a bright moonlight night. They said the object was shaped like a pear, and was brighter than the brightest star, Venus. The surface seemed to be smooth, and there were no visible protrusions of any kind. Where it remained stationary for a least seven minutes.  
Mr. Shull through the 7x50 binocular, they both said that it had a very smooth surface, almost like polished metal. The color was described as a brilliant, clear, pale gold. They said that the surface was made of what appeared to be a very brilliant, clear substance, very much like glass. After remaining stationary for a while it then turned and went away at a very fast rate of speed. A well defined leading edge and trailing edge was observed. The surface area was less intense, the trailing edge was more brilliant with the appearance of the brilliant star, Sirius. The lighting at 14 minutes duration ended when a bank of clouds moved in and obscured the object. The estimated size was that of a small pea at arms length. 
The course was from NW to SE, Altitude 50 degrees. Time 1:58 AM to 2:12 AM. Duration 14 minutes. Wind WSW - 7 knots.
Substantiation: During VHF I - had a AP rating as a pilot. 
With AT - Commercial pilot with Good-Year Tyre Company.

Mr. Shull: Backpacks and transistors seem.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a text report about a UFO sighting over Southern California.

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: AVIC Shiloh, Jul, 65

UFO Over Southern California
Friedrich Burkert of Baldwin Park, Cal., reported seeing out into the late afternoon sky on 1955 and saw a clear-shaped object or vehicle about 20 minutes and then it moved slowly from 
the view and disappeared.
It made no sound. Burkert called his neighbor in Covina who couldn't see the objects but who reported three small red objects in a different direction. One object flew from horizon to horizon in 30 seconds.
The object seen by F. Burkert was like two saucers edge-to-edge with a red light on top and one on the bottom. "These 'gates' as Burkert called them, would light up one at a time until all sequence would start again.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text:

NO CASE (Information Only)
Sources: AIRO Bulletin, Mar & Apr 62
Originator: CACO, Maxwell Field, Alabama
26 February 65
Time: 6:55 P.M.
Subject: Weather balloon seen over Rivesville, West Virginia
Location: Rivesville, West Virginia 
Witness: Frank Hudson, Elkins, Arkansas, reports the following observation of a UFO:
On February 26, 1965, at 7:10 P.M. CST, he and his wife were outside their home when they noticed a light in the eastern horizon. The light was about the size of a star and was rapidly getting brighter. It appeared to be heading SE about jet speed. It was thought at first that it might be a shooting star, but it did not fall and completely burn out. I tracked it with my 60X scope, and saw it was not a star, but a definite light, moving steadily SE.
The light was amber in color and was very bright, dimming and brightening for the first part of the sighting. It faded above the horizon after about 30-45 seconds. Weather clear. Light north breeze. Seen through 60X scope it showed one white light.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a table with information about UFO sightings.

1 - 31 MARCH 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
8 Dayton, Ohio (CIVILIAN) PHYSICAL SPECIMEN
9 Brooksville, Fla. AIRCRAFT (HOAX)
9 Cape Decision, Alaska AIRCRAFT
10 New York City, New York AIRCRAFT
10 Wichita Falls, Tex. UNIDENTIFIED
11 Albuquerque, New Mexico INSUFFICIENT DATA
12 James, Mont. (AFRT) UNIDENTIFIED
13 Mt. Airy, Maryland UNIDENTIFIED
13 Dayton, Ohio ASTRO (METEOR)
UNIDENTIFIED
SATELLITE
10 4:30pm 173:00W (Pacific) BALLOON
11 Brookpark, Ohio Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL)
12-13 Panama City, Florida Other (METEOR)
13 Rochester, N.Y. AIRCRAFT
15 Linooln, Nebraska Other (CART OF AIRCRAFT)
16 Halifax, Nova Scotia Other (SATELLITE DECAY)
20 Glace Bay, Nova Scotia UNIDENTIFIED
20 Slope, Nevada Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL)
24 24-36N-69:36W (Atlantic) Other (PSYCHOLOGER SENSAS)
25 Lexington, Mass. INSUFFICIENT DATA
26 Hanson, Mass. ASTRO (METEOR)
27 Bartlesville, Okla. AIRCRAFT
29 Paradise Post JJNP, Fla. ASTRO (METEOR)
30 24:44 S-70:47 W, N.Y. Military
30 Uvalde, Texas AIRCRAFT
INSUFFICIENT DATA
ASTRO (METEOR)
30 Lewisburg - Dayton, Ohio (PHOTO) Multiple
30 Dayton, Ohio Multiple
30 Dayton, Ohio Military
31 Dayton, Ohio (100 mi off Calif) Military
31 Dayton, Ohio Astro (JUPITER-ALDEBERA)
31 Dayton, Ohio AIRCRAFT
31 Larson AFB, Washington - Canada Military ASTRO (METEOR)

DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
Mar R. Randolph, Mass. (GRAP RPT)

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a page from a document listing Additional Reported Sightings (not cases) with various locations and evaluation notes, such as "Newsclipping" and "Newsclipping Taylor (LTR)".

1 - 31 MARCH 1965 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATES  LOCATION                   EVALUATION
7     Sydney, Australia           Newsclipping
3-19   Victoria, British Columbia Newsclipping
3    Pape, California             Newsclipping 
11   Newburyport, California      Newsclipping
11   Woodland, California         Newsclipping
16   Woodlawn, Canada             Newsclipping
17   Ft. Meyers, Florida          Newsclipping
17   Takamastsu, Japan            Newsclipping
30   Belmont, California          Newsclipping
30   Los Angeles, California      Newsclipping

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text on a document.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR system output:

1/2 milo 3.0 m/soc 8
Magnitude 4.0 8.2 3 11

V- 4P2 - 3 1 24 
2.0 lsm/soc. 8.2 3 min.

The observed object was described as being round in shape and bright in color. It was observed hovering and moving at a high rate of speed, then suddenly disappeared. The object was visible for approximately 3 minutes.

Witness reported that the object was very bright, round in shape, and larger than a star. It was hovering and then moved away at a very high rate of speed. The object was sighted at approximately 10:45 pm on February 8, 1965 in the Rivesville, West Virginia area.

The report states that the object was observed by multiple witnesses and that the sighting was investigated by Project Blue Book. No further details or conclusions are provided in the text.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. It appears to be a handwritten text.

Extracting the text from the document:

Observed a steady stationary light in the sky. The light was very bright and appeared to be larger than a star. It was observed for about 30 minutes before it suddenly disappeared. The object was observed by several persons. Some felt it was a satellite while others felt it was a U.F.O. There was no sound associated with the object. The witnesses were credible and reliable persons. The object appeared to be at a high altitude. There was no reported motion associated with the object.

- page 22 -

The image provided appears to be a hand-drawn illustration depicting a UFO sighting. The illustration shows a dome-shaped object in the sky, surrounded by clouds. There are no photographs present in this particular page of the document.

OCR output:

The hand-drawn illustration provides details about a UFO sighting, with text describing the scene and the observer's perspective. The text mentions the observer's attempt to capture the UFO, but indicates that the attempt was incomplete. The document appears to be a part of the Project Blue Book archive, which was a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document shows an envelope with a postmark from Rivesville, West Virginia dated May 7, 1965 and is addressed to the Department of the Air Force, Office of the Secretary, United States Air Force, Washington 25, D.C.

Text from the document:
Rivesville, West Virginia
5-7-65
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.
20330

- page 24 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page describes a UFO sighting that occurred between Alaska and Japan in mid-February 1962. The report provides details about the encounter, including the size and speed of the UFO, as well as the reaction of the pilots and crew who witnessed the event.

Information Only
Journal: UFO Investigator, Vol. III, No. 2, April-May, 65 
Between Alaska & Japan 
Mid-February, 1962
Three enormous flying discs, computed to be about 1,000 feet in diameter, passed a U.S. airliner on mid-February, between Alaska and Japan. Details of the encounter, as reported by the airline pilot, are as follows:
The airliner was on a routine flight from Anchorage, Alaska, to Tachibana, Japan. Four hours out of Anchorage, the airliner's co-pilot spotted three enormous circular objects, each estimated to be about 1,000 feet in diameter. The objects were directly in the path of the airliner, traveling at an estimated speed of 1,900 mph. As the airliner approached the discs, the co-pilot alerted the captain, who confirmed the sighting. The captain stated that as the airliner drew close, the three discs accelerated and shot away at an incredible speed, disappearing from sight within seconds.
In connection with the Flying Tiger case, it is interesting to note that this is the third major airline incident involving UFOs that has been reported in the last few years. See pages 2 and 3 for detailed story.

- page 25 -

The image contains no photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

THE U.F.O. Investigator
FACTS ABOUT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
Published by the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena 
Vol. III, No. 2                                              April-May, 1965

THREE HUGE UFOS PACE U.S. AIRLINER
Three enormous flying objects, computed to be about 1,000 feet 
in diameter, paced a U.S. airliner over the Gulf of Mexico last month, according to a first-hand report by an American flying officer on active duty in the U.S. Air Force.
The witness, whose name is withheld to protect his identity, reported the incident to NICAP through official channels. He stated he was copilot of the airliner at the time.
The incident occurred on Jan. 3, 1965, while the airliner was flying from Japan to the U.S. and was over the Gulf near the Florida panhandle. The witness said the three giant UFOs suddenly appeared, pacing the airliner at the same speed and altitude. The objects were about the size of the airliner, which was a four-engine type and measured 150 feet in length. The giant discs maintained their position off the wings of the airliner for about 10-15 minutes. The pilot and flight engineer also saw the UFOs. The witness said the UFOs appeared metallic and disc-shaped, with no visible means of propulsion. The discs suddenly accelerated to high speed and disappeared from sight. The witness made an immediate report when the airliner landed.
NEAR COLLISION REPORTED
The sighting was still being investigated by NICAP at press time. For reasons of security, the U.S. Air Force has not released the name of the pilot and flight engineer or the name of the airline involved.
The sighting occurred at dusk, Jan. 3, 1965, as a four-engine commercial airliner was flying over the Gulf of Mexico between Houston and Miami. An unidentified object was first reported by the pilot, and the flight engineer and co-pilot confirmed the sighting. The object paced the airliner for several minutes, at one point coming so close that the pilots had to take evasive action to avoid a collision.
The pilots reported seeing a black silhouette-like object, apparently metallic, which matched the airliner's speed and altitude. When the object suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view, the pilots were convinced it was under intelligent control.
The incident occurred near the Panama Canal zone. The military has been investigating the report, but no further details have been made public so far. NICAP has this report under investigation, and will publish further details when they become available.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated reported UFO sightings in the United States. The text in the document describes a UFO sighting reported by two musicians near Maple Valley, Washington in 1965.

The text states that the two musicians reported seeing two objects that were "erratic in movement" and "seemed to be linked together by some invisible path or force". The objects were described as having a "pulsing dumbbell" shape, and they "moved back and forth across the landscape, then they would rise up and almost disappear from view". The objects then seemed to change color, going from white to green and back to white.

NO CASE (Information Only)
SOURCES: AFSO Bulletin, Jul, 65

Musicians Spot UAOs
William R. Bolson of Maple Valley
(Washington State) reported to the
Seattle Intelligence Office on 1 February 1965
that be and his fellow musician, while
playing their music outside, had seen
two objects at 6:33 p.m. on the list of
January 1965.
The objects traveled in an "erratic
pattern" and "seemed to be linked
together by some invisible path or force".
They would "dumbbell" (pulse), move
back and forth across the landscape,
then rise up and almost disappear
from view. They then seemed to change
color from white, to green, and back
to white, Bolson reported.

- page 27 -

