The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document describing a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1 December 63 02/0006Z
2. LOCATION: Norwalk, Ohio (4)
3. SOURCE: Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (GX)
7. COURSE: S°W
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

According to the document, the reported observation was of a light that appeared to be a car headlight, very bright white, which moved horizontally and vertically, then went off at a high rate of speed. The observer could not call it a car and the object was too far away to focus on it. The conclusion is that the observed light was an auto (Venus).

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form with text boxes to be filled out. As an OCR system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please DO NOT DISCUSS this matter with any questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We regard this personal information as CONFIDENTIAL and that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone: 
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text and a form to be filled out. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. A few
c. Hazy
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight 
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Few, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same 
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star 
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
   Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
   Yes   No   Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode?
   Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke?
   Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change brightness?
   Yes   No   Don't know
f. Flicker?
   Yes   No   Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?
   Yes   No   Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions related to the observation of a UFO.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)     Yes     No     Don't know.   
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)     Yes     No     Don't know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In own countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. At a place of business?
f. Flying over a city?
g. Flying over open country?
h. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image contains a compass-like diagram, but no photograph. Therefore, I will not attempt to describe any human faces or identify individuals.

Transcribing the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass to show where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, AGE, SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only a blank page with text fields. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Wind may suspect an after vehicle accident airplane crash reported in nears by area. Heard much noise from traffic and felt trembling (physical) after sighting.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Output:

SAFOCC/Mrs Cassel/DD/75530/24 Oct 56

OCT 24 1966 

Dear Mr. 

Please excuse the delay in answering your letter regarding your unidentified flying object sightings. A review of your correspondence and reports has resulted in a prompt response to your inquiry.

The light which you and members of your family observed is in the approximate position of the planet Venus. The Air Force has evaluated the planet Venus as the source of your sightings.

Thank you for reporting your sighting to us. We appreciate your interest in our program.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.Lt Colonel, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Fremont, Ohio 43420

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document related to a UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

TDEW/UFO

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI2C (Mrs Hunt)

We have received an unidentified flying object report from Mr. The following is a suggested reply to this letter:

The light which you and members of your family have been observing is in the approximate position of the planet VENUS. The Air Force has evaluated this object (planet VENUS) as the cause of your sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC J. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

5 Atchs
1. Lt. Col.
2. Lt. Col.
3. 3 Ltrs

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TYPE/INFO 
UFO SIGHTING

Hq USAF SAPOICC (Mrs Hunt)
We have received an unidentified flying object report from Mr. The following is a suggested reply to his letter.

Dear [redacted],
I have noted that you and your family have been observing in the approximate position of the planet VENUS. The Air Force has evaluated this object (PLANET VENUS) as the cause of your sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER 
GEORGE T. OHNACHUS, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR
TYPE/UFO Maj R. Quintanilla, JR.
TYPED M.M. Collins   DATED 18 Dee 65

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, containing a memo for the record.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
called 3 December 1955 at 1535 and informed the project office that a number of people in and around have seen a mysterious object in the sky at dusk and immediately thereafter. He claims that this object is emitting some sort of radiation. He also claims that the National Guard in that area took a Geiger Counter measurement and that it was positive. The National Guard is allegedly sending the information to the project office. I have requested that he send me all the information available so that we can evaluate the observation.
Major Quintanilla

- page 12 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a dark, elongated object in the sky. The text below the image describes the object as an "unidentified flying object" that was observed on December 2, 1955 over the city of Norwalk, Ohio.

Text from the document:

It is said on the day of December 2, 1955, an unidentified object was seen in the sky over the City of Norwalk, Ohio about 8:15 pm. The object was observed for some fifteen to twenty minutes. The witness was Herman Waltenburger of the Ohop Road. He went to his car where eleven others were leaving for the night and told them of the object he had seen. The object hovered directly over the place where they were standing and then moved away to the northwest at a terrific rate of speed. The speed was so great that it left the observers breathless.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Official Report By
Norwalk, Ohio

On December 1, 1965, I saw a bright white light which would turn a blue-green color and would seem to go up and down faster than it turned a fiery red and disappeared. On several nights while watching TV, I would look out the front window and see a bright light like a searchlight being turned off and on, while I would watch for a week at approximately 10:30 to 11:30 p.m.

- page 14 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or image, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

Civil Air Patrol
United States Air Force
Norwalk, OHIO.
Squadron 00.2.

The text appears to be a handwritten report or document from the Civil Air Patrol, United States Air Force, located in Norwalk, Ohio. The document does not mention or describe any photograph.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

December 1, 1965
Norwalk, Ohio

On the evening of December 1, 1965, I viewed a bright light in the sky. It appeared to be about 10 times the size of a star and it seemed to be moving slowly. It was three times the size of my son and he took his telescope outside to get a better look at it. At one point, it moved at a rapid pace, then seemed to circle around and come back. The light was quite bright and the wind was blowing from the northeast.

It hovered in one spot for quite some time and then suddenly, it shot straight up and disappeared. It moved down over the trees and then shot straight up and out of sight. It did not make any sound that I could hear.

My daughter, who is 13 years old, and also witnessed the object. She said it turned blue when I was on the inside of the circle calling out to her. She has never seen anything like it before.

I got the feeling it was trying to communicate with me. I shouted, "What do you want from me?", but it seemed to just disappear. I got the feeling it might have been some kind of aircraft, but I have never seen anything like it before and I don't know what it was.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

TRANSCRIPT:

Fremont, Ohio
Sheldon, 6/22

I understand the reason this action did not come to my
knowledge in the beginning was that the call came to my
home and I was away from the office. About 2:00 PM
June 22, 1965, I received a call from Mrs. Sheldon who
lives at 122 1/2 West Main Street, Norwalk, Ohio. Mrs.
Sheldon stated that she and her husband had observed a
strange object in the sky that morning about 11:00 AM.
Mrs. Sheldon was quite excited and said the object was
very close to their home and moved rapidly. She said
they had observed it for about 5 minutes and that it
finally disappeared. Mrs. Sheldon said she had called
the police department in Norwalk but that they had
not been able to locate the object. I advised Mrs.
Sheldon that I would notify the proper authorities.
I then called the Norwalk Police Department and
talked to the dispatcher and gave him the details
of Mrs. Sheldon's report. He stated that they
had received no other calls about the object.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with redacted text, likely from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

**OCR Output:**

[Redacted text]
[Redacted text]
[Redacted text]
[Redacted text]
[Redacted text]
[Redacted text]
[Redacted text]
[Redacted text]
[Redacted text]
[Redacted text]

- page 18 -

