There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1 August 65
2. LOCATION: Malabra, Florida
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: N/A
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Photo
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: Keys Returned to Owner #1 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes
10. CONCLUSION: Other (CIVILIAN INTEREST)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Photos of the UFO taken, but no prints, unable to evaluate. Objects not visible at launch, according to eyewitness.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PEEK PHOTOS (EMULSION FLAWS)                                     21 August 1965
                                                         Cape Kennedy, Florida

MEMO FOR THE RECORD:  Photos by Eugent Malabar, Fla of GEMINI 5 Launch (Aug 65).
Conversation with Sgt Moody and Lt Alexander of Patrick AEB, Fla phone area
code 305, 494-1110 ext 4131 or 7830 on 23 and 29 Sep 65.
They had received the films (two slides) from James Peck.  They were film
defects.  SRA Quality Control Personnel did analyze.  Proved that it was defects
in the film. The defects were not of interest to their information officer, Colonel Coleman.  The
photo analysis had been typed and given to Colonel Coleman.  Colonel Coleman
had been out of town and had tried to get in touch with
does not have a telephone and messages must be left for him.  Colonel Coleman
had left a message for Mr. Malabra to come in to Patrick where he will give him
a letter describing the analysis.  Patrick AEB did not make copies of the
pictures.  The letter by Colonel Coleman was objective.  Lt Alexander will
send us copies of the photo analysis and Colonel Coleman's letter to Mr. Peck
along with a letter from Lt Alexander describing what the pictures were of.

Note: GEMINI 5 LAUNCHED 21 August 1965

Eugene Malabar, Florida, did submit his UFO film to the Air Force
for evaluation.  The film was analyzed at Patrick Air Force base.  The
results of the analysis indicated that the objects depicted were defects in
the film.  The film was returned to Malabar dated 24 September 1965.  Radio
station WMAL obtained a tape of the contact and used it on 24 September 1965.
I am happy to be of assistance in providing you with this information.

SAFA H. HUNSUCKER BRANCH
Office of Information, Pentagon, Washington, D.C.

- page 2 -

This image does not appear to contain any photographs. The image shows the header of a Project Blue Book document from the Air Force Eastern Test Range, dated October 27, 1965, and addressed to FTD (TDEW/Sgt Moody) at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433. The document appears to be a Defective Film Report, but no actual photographs are visible in the image.

HEADQUARTERS 
AIR FORCE EASTERN TEST RANGE 
PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 32925

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ETWE 27 October 1965

SUBJECT: Defective Film Report

TO: FTD (TDEW/Sgt Moody)
    Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Attached is a copy of the RCA report you requested.

2. The pictures were taken by Mr. Edd during the launch of the second Atlas D, and contained 8mm film of the launch and a two hour interview with Air Force Colonel W.E. Colem-and who later supplemented the report. This report will be prepared.

FOR THE COMMANDER

DANIEL B. WILLIAMS
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director, Evaluation
and Applications

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it appears to be an internal correspondence document from Project Blue Book, dated 23 September 1965, discussing the analysis of "streaks and spots" in some film.

INTERNAL CORRESPONDENCE
DATE 23 September 1965
TO: Lt. Alexander
FILE: 572A, ROOM 110
FROM: MND 969
SUBJECT: STREAKS AND SPOTS ON PHOTOGRAPH
Several slides with streaks and spots were submitted for opinion. The writer reviewed the material and concluded the streaks are a result of exposure rather than the presence of any substantive phenomena. All these spots on slide 6 originate from the photographic particles - the normal grain and defects of the film itself. No unusual objects or images could be detected. The slide at index 7 shows a developing effect of the film which is normal. The streaks are from a variety of causes. The majority are from a technical malfunction of the camera. They appear to be the result of film transportation problems during exposure. The spots on slides 1, 3, and 4 are likely the result of imperfect slides. The spots on slides 1 and 8 can probably be accounted for by minute dust particles on the slide surface or film.
H. A. Sterritz
Photographic Security Control

- page 4 -

The image contains a photograph of bright objects in the sky, described as UFOs that were photographed during a GT-5 launch. The text discusses the photographs taken by Lensman, who captured images of the objects near the launch site. The text also provides additional details about the appearance and behavior of the UFOs, including that they were green in color and exhibited bright phosphorescent lights.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

Mr. Gasa, Information Office
Shorler USAF, VRB Fla, Nov 69

UFOs Photographed 
at GT-5 Launch

Lensman gets photographs 
of UFOs at Gemini Launch
 
Lensman, a photographer who was on hand
to take astronauts Cooper and Conrad's picture,
not only got shots of the rocket lifting off, but
also three unidentified flying objects that were
hovering near the rocket.

According to James R. Peek, 47, of 
T.S.U.P.P.I. Natl Dir., these pictures
were taken by Lensman at the GT-5 
launch.

Peek, a senior engineering laboratories
technician, reports that Lensman, while 
waiting to get on his front lawn to watch 
the launch, noticed some strange lights 
in the sky, about 10,000 to 15,000 feet
up. He immediately got his camera ready, 
and when the rocket was launched, he 
got the first shots of the UFOs.

But when his color film returned, 
he found the pictures were even more 
successful than he realized.
His first shot shows a light green
oval object, just as the rocket started
its second stage. This shows the UFO
close to the rocket, with the rocket 
exhaust in the picture.

I'll bet that this will really raise
a lot of STUFF at SAC!

If you are interested in the scientific 
investigation of UFOs, the International
Formation of Intelligence Unidentified
Flying Objects (IFOIU) is one of the best 
informed groups working on the UFO mystery.
The IFOIU is not trying to prove that UFOs 
are interplanetary spacecraft or a government 
project, only that they exist. The IFOIU needs new 
members located in the U.S. and 28 other countries. 
The main purpose of the group is to obtain informa-
tion to help solve the UFO mystery.
The IFOIU is not claiming to have all the answers, 
but they do have a large working knowledge of the informa-
tion that is available.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text only.

MOTION PICTURE OF UFO IN FLORIDA: An article from the Gainesville (Florida) Sentinel, dated September 21st, tells of a man named James B. Peak who photographed a UFO within seconds of the recent Gemini 5 take-off. Peak was watching the blastoff from his home not far from Cape Kennedy when he noticed an object traveling at very high speed, moving in a westerly direction in the vicinity of the launch area. He said it looked like a "pillar of brilliant green phosphorescent light," just east of the contrail left by the Gemini 5 rocket. Peak hastily alerted his 3 sons, and they took some color footage before the object vanished toward the south. Upon getting the film back from the processor, he was that he had been more successful than he thought. The film shows not one but three brilliant objects in motion.

Saucer contention happens, also lives near Cape Kennedy, sent a letter to the Air Force indicating he had interviewed Mr. Peak, but arrived a couple of hours too late, as the Air Force had already picked up the film. Peak expects to get his gyro back from the Air Force, and will then notify Manger, who has promised to notify us. See the letter at the top of Page 5 for more recent information about this case.

- page 6 -

