The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10673 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2/20/65
2. LOCATION: Silver Springs, Maryland
3. SOURCE: Civ. Inf. I
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 22 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: (VISUAL)
7. COURSE: From east to west, 45 deg are in 25 seconds.
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Object similar to an A/C of high altitude with blinking lights.
11. AREA SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Sighting was of an object which, from the description, was probably an aircraft, with a blinking light seen at a high altitude. The object was traveling from east to west and was visible for approximately 22 seconds. The rate of speed and direction are consistent with an aircraft at a high altitude.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a UFO report document. As per the instructions, I will act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Flying in an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country? 
d. Near an airport?
e. On the water?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No
b. Sun glasses (Yes) No
c. Windshield (Yes) No
d. Window glass (Yes) No

e. Binoculars (Yes) No
f. Telescope (Yes) No
g. Theodolite (Yes) No 
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when referred to in the story, would give the same impressions as the object which you saw.

- page 2 -

The image contains a diagram and sketches, but no photograph. The diagram appears to be related to determining the elevation angle of an object above the horizon. The sketches show a series of objects and an arrow indicating the direction of travel.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the curved line to show the highest point the object reached.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely a questionnaire or form filled out by a witness.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] [redacted], [redacted], [redacted] [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: [redacted] SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[redacted] [redacted] [redacted]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was the United States Air Force's official program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page appears to be a handwritten response to a questionnaire or form. The text discusses some details about a UFO sighting, including the observer's account and the lack of adequate coverage of certain aspects in the specific points of the questionnaire.

OCR Output:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
       Day                 Month            Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

On the night of September 22, 1965 at about 9:30 pm I observed a moving object with a flashing light in the southern sky as I was driving home on the Capitol Beltway. The object appeared to be at a high altitude and was moving at a very rapid rate. I watched it for a period of several minutes as it proceeded on a northerly course and then appeared to stop and hover for a short time. It then accelerated to a very high speed and disappeared from view. The object did not appear to be an aircraft or satellite and did not have the characteristics of either. Since the U.S.O. system cannot yet explain this sighting, I would be very interested to know if there have been any other similar sightings in the area on or about the same time.

- page 5 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, with handwritten text on the page.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

The object appeared somewhat circular in shape, not quite saucer-like, but definitely not spherical. It appeared to be quite large, perhaps 50 to 75 feet in diameter. The object was hovering at an altitude of perhaps 1000 feet, and was surrounded by a bright glow or halo. The glow was not steady, but pulsating or flickering. The object appeared to be dark in color, and no structural details could be discerned. It was completely silent. The object remained stationary for several minutes, then suddenly accelerated in a horizontal direction at a very high rate of speed, and disappeared from view within a few seconds. No trail was visible.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to "Mrs. [REDACTED]" regarding an aerial object observation report.

February 13, 1966
Mrs. Runt/air/sports/73342/13 feb 66 
Dear Mrs. [REDACTED], 
This is in reply to your report of an aerial object which you apparently sighted on the night of February 13, 1966.
The characteristics of your sighting indicate that you apparently observed a typical aerial phenomenon. The duration is consistent with the evaluation, and the light characteristics are similar to known air craft. 
Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,
[REDACTED]
Specialist Intelligence Division
Office of Information
Silver Spring, MD

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS 
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

TO/R/UFO 
UFO Sighting, 22 Sep 55

HQ USAF SAPCIOC (Mrs Hunt)
Reference the attached report of an unidentified flying object, sighted near Silver Springs, Maryland, on 22 Sep 55. The characteristics of the sighting indicate a possible aircraft with a crescent-type light or illumination, possibly similar to the night fighters of the late World War II period. The flight characteristics are similar to an aircraft in flight, but the object was not detected on radar. There were no contrails, vapor trails, or satellites as indicated.

FOR THE COMMANDER

KARL R. de JONCKHEERF, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Science

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force, Washington, addressed to Mrs. Silver Springs, Maryland, dated September 23, 1965.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  

23 SEP 1965

Dear Mrs. Silver Springs, Maryland

At location 1 a PTI Form 14 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. In order for this report to be considered officially, it would be necessary for the observer to complete and submit the form to this office. If you have any other questions, please feel free to contact me.

Sincerely,

SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a document or envelope with handwritten text and several official stamps or postmarks.

Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten document, but there is no photograph present. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

They started say
1 1/2 mhz

- page 11 -

This page from the Project Blue Book report does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or information form related to an unidentified object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. The information you provide will be used only for further study and no conclusions, or publications without your permission will result. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:   
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. DAY
   b. NIGHT
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

The document appears to be a standard questionnaire used by Project Blue Book to collect information about UFO sightings. The text of the form is consistent with this purpose.

- page 12 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document that contains text and form fields to be filled out.

9. STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Dim
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vague

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
Compared to the brightness of a bright fluorescent light, this object seemed as bright.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Clearly outlined
d. Other _not like a star - irregular

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or move?                   Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly appear and then disappear at any time?     Yes No Don't know
c. Change brightness?                                Yes No Don't know
d. Change shape?                                      Yes No Don't know
e. Give off smoke?                                    Yes No Don't know
f. Change in speed or direction?                       Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?                                   Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?                             Yes No Don't know

- page 13 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The sketch depicts an object with an oval or disc-like shape.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Slowly diminishing 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):    Yes       No      Don't know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes        No       Don't know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound           Noiseless
b. Color              Bright silver metallic   

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the width of the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Almost 1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially suggest what trail or vapor trails, if any, the object was making.
[Hand-drawn sketch of an oval-shaped object]

Extracted Text:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Slowly diminishing

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes       No      Don't know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes        No       Don't know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound           Noiseless
b. Color              Bright silver metallic

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the width of the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Almost 1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially suggest what trail or vapor trails, if any, the object was making.

- page 14 -

