There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 August 65 12/0135
2. LOCATION
Far Rockaway, New York
3. VEHICLE
Astro (METER) 1
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 Second
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
Course
Not Reported
7. PHOTOS
No
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a letter describing an unidentified aerial object observed by the recipient.

Mrs Hunt/man/SAPFRRZ72383/
Dear Mr:
I am enclosing a description of the object which you observed from the Brooklyn area on 17 July 1965.
The object appears to be elliptical in shape, extremely bright, having a white-blue light, and according to your information was visible for quite a while.
William Van Embden, who is associated with the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board, has reviewed your letter and based on his analysis would like to contact you for additional information. He is not a meteor, so we will no doubt contact you for addition information.
Sincerely,
JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Chief of Information
Brooklyn, New York 11213

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text from the document:
HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 11 Aug 65, Rockaway, New York

REOUES: UFO SIGHTING (Mrs Hunt)
Masa D C 20330

REMARKS: This sighting relates to information on his observation of 11 Aug 65. The following is submitted:

a. Dear Sir: Regarding the object observed by you on the night of 11 Aug 65 as reported, we concur that the object was extremely bright, having a magnitude greater than the surrounding stars.

We are forwarding your letter to Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Director of Astronomical Research (Affiliated Universities-Northwestern University). He will no doubt wish to discuss this observation with you. You should be confident that the object was not a meteor. He will no doubt contact you for additional information.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltf frm 12 Aug 65

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO sighting, 11 Aug 65, Rockaway, New York
We USAF SAVINGS (Mrs Hunt)
13 C 2330
Reference the attached letter from 9 Aug 65, the following is the general description of the object observed by you on the night of 11 Aug 65:
The general description of the object observed by you indicates that of a circular disc-like object, maneuverable with varying altitudes and are glistening, having a magnitude greater than the surrounding stars.
We are forwarding your letter to Dr J. Allen Hynek, Director of Astronomical Observatory, Northwestern University, Illinois for his professional opinion on the observation as recorded. This matter will be given further consideration by the USAF.
FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC P DE JONVIILNEUVE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR: DREW/UPO 
DATED: 17 AUG 65

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a handwritten letter describing an unidentified flying object sighting that occurred on August 12, 1955 in Far Rockaway, New York.

The text of the letter is as follows:

SAC-101C 
The Adjuctor's USAF 
The Adjuctor 
Washington, D.C. 20330

Gentlemen:

I wish to report to you that on the evening of Wednesday, August 12, 1955, an unidentified flying object appeared to me to be an unidentified flying object. My initial contact with this object was in the community of Far Rockaway, New York. I was facing in an easterly direction towards the brightbright object and as I started to watch it, it appeared to me to be a disc shaped object. It remained in its location for several seconds and then disappeared. The glow from the object appeared to be such as one would envision would come from a fluorescent type object. I am at a lost to explain the cause of the fast rate of speed at which it moved. 

I have seen no photographic or motion picture details of this strange object before and can give you no such photographic records to add on this report. However, the object that I saw was much larger than any aircraft or other familiar sky object in the heavens and it vanished literally in seconds. 

The object disappeared as quickly as it appeared, turning off instantaneously as it were. It is a yard in length as compared with the source of illumination in the sky and its distance from me can not be accurately estimated. 

Realizing that my description contains myself a somewhat hap-hazard condition should be trusteed that the aforessaid information will be a confidential matter. 

Sincerely yours,
 
Redacted

- page 5 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page with a handwritten address and postmark at the bottom.

SAC-OLIC
Headquarters USAF
The Pentagon
Washington, D. C. 20330

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force in Washington, likely related to Project Blue Book, a former U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Dear Mr.
Attached is FTD Form 342 which is used for
reporting observations of unidentified flying objects
to the Air Force. In order to assist your efforts to
obtain full information, I shall be grateful if you
will complete the form and return it to this office.
Sincerely,

SARA HURT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
FTD Form 342
Far Rockaway, Long Island
NEW YORK

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or report from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which was a program that investigated UFO sightings.

August 12, 1965

S-L-LOGIC
3138 Kensington Rd.
Washington, D.C. 20330

Gentlemen:

This letter is to advise you that on August 10, 1965 at about 10:15 P.M. I was the witness of what appeared to be a U.F.O.

The point of observation was in the community of Far Rockaway, a suburban district of New York. I saw an object, generally disk-shaped, but my impression was one of intensity and luminousness. It was under no apparent control any any visible means of propulsion.

It was like a bright, light, without contours, silhouette or definitive shape that seemed to be hovering almost motionless in the sky and then suddenly began to move in an upward direction, gathering speed, but not disappearing from sight abruptly. I feel that this information should be reported to your agency, in the event that it can be of any assistance.

I have seen "shooting stars" or many occasions but never one like this. It moved so swiftly and was so distinctly different from the usual type of aircraft in the sky that it made a deep impression upon me.

Because of the urgency for such observations, I trust that this report will receive your immediate attention.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 8 -

