The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which includes information about a UFO sighting that occurred on August 6, 1965 in Pierz, Minnesota. The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Aug 6 '65 Night
2. LOCATION
Pierz, Minnesota 
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
Not reported
8. PHOTOS
0 Yes
0 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 Yes
X No
10. CONCLUSION
Aatro(Meteor)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object appeared as a light moving very fast across the sky. It traveled about 2 or 3 lines in about 4 seconds. Visible for 10 seconds.
1 Witness

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book information office report.

Project Blue Book Information Office
SAFOI
Washington D.C. 20330

Rural Route 3
Pierz, Minnesota

Dear Sir:

Last August, while my father and I were outside doing our evening chores, I was gazing at the stars. I often do this but I noticed an unusual light that evening, and called it to the attention of my father.

The light illuminated near the constellation Draco and went swiftly across the sky. The odd thing about it was that it seemed to brighten steadily, about three or four times a second. It would become bright, then dim, then bright again.

It went faster than any satellite I have ever seen. I have seen many satellites, although I don't remember seeing any in that particular place, because a plane would have to be pretty close to the ground to observe them. Yet we heard nothing, commented on what it could be, when suddenly the light faded out. We observed the light for about ten seconds.

I am writing to you in the hope you might give a theory on this object. I would have written sooner, but I just obtained the correct address from a newspaper article. Unlike some people, I am confident you are billing nothing from the general public. I am confident you will assist this light to the best of your ability.

Cordially yours,
[signature redacted]

- page 2 -

