There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed letter from Project Blue Book Chief, Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr., USAF, to an individual in Oxford, Ohio, dated November 24, 1965.

The text of the letter is as follows:

PID (ITEM) W-PAFB-PATTERSOB APB, OHIO 45433
24 November 1965

Oxford, Ohio

Dear [Redacted],

Your letter to additional DAYTON RAROC has been forwarded to our office for additional review. A check with our records indicates that the case you referred to on 7 NOVEMBER 1965 was not identified. There was no indication that the unidentified return was reported from this area on that date. Our records show no unusual or military activity operating throughout the Miami Valley area.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Dayton AFCRC (Air Force Cambridge Research Center) in Ohio, dated November 13, 1965.

The text of the document is as follows:

Dayton AFCRC
FSCO
Bldg 1080
Dayton, Ohio
November 13, 1965

Oxford, Ohio

Dear Sir:

We have checked our records of November 5, 1965 and find we have no information regarding unusual type activities in the Dayton area on this date.

Our control positions normally scan the area within 25 nautical miles of Patterson Field. We did not detect anything unusual which would not normally be looking at. The activity and characteristics of detected objects which occurred in the area on that date were normal for this type weather-operating conditions and would not indicate anything significant from an information standpoint. Our controllers would not normally be concerned with traffic or this type which we are controlling unless it became significantly hazardous to established traffic operating in the area or some unusual characteristic appeared to be present.

I am forwarding your letter to the Unidentified Flying Objects Officers of the Foreign Technology Division here at Patterson Field. They will be able to look further into this matter for you.

Sincerely,

Arvid R. Olsen
Chief, Dayton

cc: Reading File
CSI-300
AFCRL-65-211
A FSIDE/DVA/Dayton SARGON/70042

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Mr. Arvid E. Side, Chief
Dayton Radarcon Monitor
Aerospace Control Center
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Oxford, Ohio. Last Friday, I spotted three reddish-white objects over Oxford, Ohio. I contacted the control center and wondered whether or not you might have them on your radar. A full report of this event is given on the opposite side of this letter. I would really appreciate if you would apply whatever data you have concerning this sighting.

They were spotted between the 5th, 7:45 to 7:50 p.m. of this year, 1965.

Sincerely,

- page 3 -

The image contains a photograph depicting two objects in the sky. The text describes these objects as "flying saucers" that were observed by the witness. The report states that the objects were about 50 to 70 degrees from where the witness stood, and that they were about twice as bright as a star. The objects were observed for around 10-15 minutes, and their appearance and movement are described in detail.

Flying Saucer Report
While walking down College Avenue after visiting a friend on the night of November 5, 1955, I looked up and to my surprise I saw two strange objects in the sky. At first, I thought that they were stars, but then I noticed that they were moving, and they were much larger than stars. They moved at a tremendous speed, first one object and then the other, and I told myself that they were huge airplanes, but then I realized that they were not airplanes, and I looked at the objects more closely. 
I noticed that they were circular in shape, and extremely bright. The objects appeared to be about 50 to 70 degrees from where I stood. They moved in a straight line, with no deviation whatever. The date which I forgot to mention was Tuesday, November 5, 1955. The following is a drawing of the designated objects:

Oxford, Ohio
Police Department

- page 4 -

