The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
8 February 65 09/0555Z

2. LOCATION
Elk Grove, Village, Illinois

3. SOURCE
Civilian 

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported (Minutes)

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
None

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (CIOCH)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Case used in NBC Documentary. Investigated by Dr Hynek.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

Major Quintanilla 
3 June 1965
Page 4
Elk Grove Village, Ill., February 8, 1965

Orange-ish tinge than reported by Mrs. Crowley, however, in the absence of corroborating evidence with the news media, there is some doubt that the sighting, in any event, produced the effects of the reported sighting, considerable doubt must be thrown on there having been a genuine satellite fragment to be examined by the geologists.

NBC wishes me to come in at the end of this documentary to discuss these sightings. It cough to do this, since the Barrington Hills case is almost certainly a meteor - this case is probably the moon, but the only puzzling case remaining is that of the Elmwood Park police and this is a real puzzler. It is an "Unidentified" case right in our own back yard! It is unfortunate that O'Hare did not report it officially so that it could have been investigated much sooner than it has been!

Sincerely,

J. Allen Hynek

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or text. It appears to be a blank page with a document cover sheet.

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting in Elk Grove Village, Illinois on February 5, 1965.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60301
JUNE 3, 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Box 9498
5th Strategic-Patterson Air Force Base
FLD Wright-Ohio

Dear Major:

Sighting, Elk Grove Village, Ill. February 5, 1965

This is an account of the NBC "Documentary on UFO's" treatment of the Elk Grove Village case. I was present throughout the entire interviewing and filming, although I did not take part in it. The witness was a woman who is a physicist of about 26 and reasonably well self-possessed. Her story follows and then I'll give a few details.

She was coming home by herself at about midnight, February 5, 1965. (She) was coming from a doctor's appointment, who does not make late appointments for people who sitters come earlier. She lives on Emery Lane and as she was carrying around toward her house some four doors across the street, she encountered this object in the sky. It appeared to be at bearing to be 275-280 degrees magnetic. She stopped her car and got out. Although said object, she pointed out that it was nothing more than two inter-connecting ovals of light - a dazzling light, understandably foggy, without definite shape. There were no red, green or white lights, no vapor trails, merely the two ovals of light burning the night sky. However it was moving at amazing speed, and was lost to sight beyond the horizon in many seconds. She said she was "terrified to some degree - the object might adversely affect her car and her person". She hurried over the icy sidewalk to the left of her house; overcome the lights of her car; and was positive that the light was directly overhead. She said there was a space of about fifty or sixty feet long and same width about twenty or thirty feet above the house. The house is fifty feet long and the object was about twenty or thirty feet above it. Nevertheless whenever she drew the light, she shut the drape - she said she was afraid to look at it.

She said she stood at the back of her house transfixed at this sight, but not all frightened - there was no sound and then directed into the house, which she could have from where she was standing, fumbled with her keys, got in, ran to the window, but the object was gone. She then drew the drape - she was afraid to look at it.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a report document.

Major Quintanilla 3 June 1965
Elk Grove Village, February 8, 1965
dashed to the bedroom to get her husband and hauled him out to look. They both went to the window to look. At that time the object was:
I questioned her closely on the edges of the object and she maintained that the ovals of light had a definite periphery and were not fuzzy. She drew them for me on the newspaper, many times until the best description I can give here is that they were simply two ellipses of light at right angles to each other.
The filming of this whole episode took from about 7:00 p.m. until midnight. It is ridiculous the lengths these documentary people will go. They will do a scene over and over again, mining for perfection. They say they had her story told until they got the cameras and the mikes all ready, and then she would be afraid of the ridicule of neighbors. She saw what she saw and there was no editing. I know of no one who has been so hysterical or paranoid as to deny a sighting that they insist did happen.
After the filming of the dining room table, with all the lights going full blast for full footage, the lights went out. They had to resort to candles (flashlight, but no external light) and the window was the only light source,, looking into the wintry scene of her coming in - running to the window, looking out. (They did not show that portion, that they showed merely his running out of the bedroom
feeling no trepedation on his part, nor any reaction on her part, but the NBC people said they had to take some liberties in the name of evening and I forgot to mention that two NICAP members were present, whose identies still escape me, though I can get it. I maintained amicable relations with them, but no concessions to get names. In fact I saw them talking in the kitchen when I overheard them talking of how I was no good.
Along about midnight, I was getting rather tired and since I had a nine o'clock class the next morning I leaved my self early and down on a couch in the living room while the NBC cameraman went outside to get more footage.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a Project Blue Book document.

Major Quintanilla 3 June 1965
Elk Grove Village, February 8, 1965

to hear the NICAP people regaling one of the NBC crew members and to talk with some local and interested parties...They didn't know that a special agent was listening. Along with the usual vilification of the Air Force, they spoke of a radio program put on at the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago, and wandering into a forbidden area near there where they found "little green men" or the least models of them. They were shooed out of this "restricted" area...Then the NICAP man went on to say that NICAP would have to show that during the Banmendian saucer incident the Air Force was in "dereliction of duty" as the U.S. had not reacted properly. If those were not his exact words, that was certainly the sense of it. The NICAP members showed out in their usual uncritical form that those men however are believed to be undeniably chatty and certainly fair and honest, according to their lights.

We finally got away from there at 1:20 a.m. and the next day I'm thinking this over, I came upon what is probably the solution.

I asked the girl where the moon was and she stated that she did not see the moon, but that it was very clear. She said she knew it was too light to see the moon. This seems to be a good reason and quite significant...Neighbors and there were no clouds, but we should check meteorological conditions on that day...

References to the nautical almanac for February 8 (the first said) which would have showed this whole case out of control, but it now has been established that she went to the doctor on February 9. Therefore, the declination was 15~ and fully illumination...There is no question from her general demeanor that she is excitable, and most people are not aware of how the moon looks at exactly first quarter or nearly first quarter.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter from J. Allen Hynek regarding a UFO sighting in Elk Grove Village, Illinois on February 8, 1965.

Text from the document:

Major Quintanilla
4 June 1965
Elk Grove Village, Ill., February 8, 1965

orange-ish tinge than reported by her reporter and coupled with the fact that the sighting, considerable doubt must be thrown on there having been a separate glowing globe croduced from the setting moon.

NBC wishes me to come in at the end of this documentary to discuss these sightings, as it ought to be easy. Since the Barrington Hills case is a controversial subject, this case at Elk Grove Village is not especially helpful and this is a real puzzler. It is a "Levitlland" case right in our own back yard. It is unfortunate that CHase did not report it officially so that it could have been investigated much sooner than it has been.

Sincerely,
J. Allen Hynek

JAH:mjp

Note: *** has since been deleted.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a form with various fields filled out, likely containing details of a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book.

8 February 65 09/05552
Elk Grove, Village, Illinois
Civilian
One
Not Reported (Minutes)
Ground-Visual 
Stationary
XX No
XX No
Astronomical (MOON)
Refraction of setting moon.
Case used in NBC Damantary. Investigated by Dr Hynek.
SEE CASE FILE.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting in Elk Grove Village, Illinois on February 8, 1965.

Transcribed text from the document:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
JUNE 3, 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Box 9494
RTD Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

Sighting, Elk Grove Village, Ill.
February 8, 1965

This is an account of the NBC "Documentary on UFO'S" treatment of the Elk Grove Village case. I was present throughout the entire interview and filming, although I did not make much of an introduction. The incident is not well self-possessed. Her story follows and then I'll give a few details.

She was coming home by herself at about midnight, February 8, 1965 (her doctor's appointment, a doctor who makes late appointments for people who cannot come out earlier). She lives on Harmony Lane and as she was curving around toward her house, some four doors down on her neighbors' houses, more or less directly west of her, she determined the Dearborn Observatory was not pointed out that night as far as she could see. She pointed out that it was nothing more than two interconnecting ovals of light of uniform intensity that seemed to move back and forth, she continued toward the house in the car without turning the lights on and drew so close to the house that as it passed it was in from the house as it is in the illustration. She was very close to it, a matter of fifty feet, and it was so low, only about twenty feet above the house. Although whenever she drew it, she drew the light quite close to the house, almost directly over the house.

She said she stood at the back of her house transfixed at this sight, but not at all frightened - there appeared to be no sound and when instead of going directly into the house, which she could have done, she ran around to the front of the house again, stumbled and finally got in, ran to the window, but the object was gone. She then waited for her husband to come home, and on his arrival they drove around the neighborhood looking for the object, but it did not reappear.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Major Quintanilla
5 June 1965

Elk Grove Village, February 8, 1965

dashed to the bedroom to get her husband and hauled him out to look. They both went to the window to look. At that time the object was definitely gone.

I questioned her closely on the edges of the object and she maintained that the ovals of light had definite points and were not fuzzy. She drew them for the cameras many times and the best description I can give there is that they were simply two ellipses of rather low eccentricity.

The filming of this whole episode took place about 7:00 p.m. until 1:00 a.m. It is ridiculous the lengths to which these documentary people will do to secure good footage. They first had her tell her story to the cameras and the mike. The story as much as I could ascertain it given a shouting session was something about seeing something outside and this object being very bright and staying there for a while and she saw and there was no point in hiding it. She said she was conscious of the fact that her husband's position, and that of her children in school, might be jeopardized by unsavory talk, but that she felt that she must report it. The NICAP people is a harassment and she had a year of two of trouble before this, but not a terribly good reporter. She decides on the things she is sure of and then sticks with them.

After the filming at the dining room table, with all the lights going full blast I was struck to the significance of the fact that their instructions for the silent cameras then they had her change clothes and re-enact the mystery scene in the window, looking, running to get her husband and pulling him out of bed. (They did not come to the window in his pajamas and robe. In her desire to be extremely gratifying, the young lady demonstrated that her husband doesn't wear pajamas, but night clothes) As you can see, it was a rather jolly Larsen, who is President of the Chicago chapter and another man whose name temporarily escapes me, though I can get it maintained an amicable dialogue with her. In any event, they seemed a cut above the average NICAP members, who they thought I was asleep. I might as well tell that now.

Along about midnight, I was getting rather tired and since I had a nine o'clock class the next morning, I excused myself and lay down on a couch. I did sleep some, but awoke to the progress of her car down the street, etc.

- page 10 -

There is no visible photograph in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, containing text describing an incident that occurred on February 8, 1965 in Elk Grove Village, Illinois.

Major Quintanilla  
3 June 1965  
Page 3  
Elk Grove Village, February 8, 1965  

to hear the NICAP people regaling one of the NBC crew members and apparently the Cadets closely with some real cockand-bull stories. They didn't know that I was listening. Along with the usual vilification of the Air Force and their secrecy, they were tossing around some real cordial stories about friends of theirs having gone to the basement of the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago, and wandering around down there, forbidden territory. That area is supposed to be "restricted". When the NICAP man went on to say that "Did you know that during the war the basement of the Museum of Science and Industry was the center of the security operations of the 1st U.S. Army," if that is true, those that were not in the know certainly were not "hipped out". The NICAP members showed out of their usual uncritical and indiscriminate manner that are basically very fair and honest, according to their lights.

We finally got away from there at 1:30 a.m. and the next day, in thinking this over, I came upon what is probably the solution.  

I asked the girl where the moon was and she stated that she did not see the moon, but that the sky was very clear. And she said she knew it wasn't the moon because it was too bright and too big and that it wasn't Venus for the same reason. Something wasn't right. The gasses did not seem to be the cause since there were no clouds, but we should check meteorological conditions on that day. Both this case and the Elmwood case will cause a great deal of comment since they will be aired before approximately a million people. And the documentation is quite good.

Reference to the nautical almanac for February 8 (she first said February 15, which would throw this whole case out of court), but it now has been established that she went to the doctor on February 8. The moon was exactly at first quarter (and this a very fine half oval), plus 13 degrees, which would have placed the "half moon" with the rounded western horizon and slightly to the north of west. Refraction and the directional line presence of this cirrus cloud bank could have given the impression of an inter-locking oval sitting over the neighbor's house. The directions given indicate that she was looking at exactly the first quarter moon at that time. The fact that she should have reported the moon and that she is excitable, and most people are not aware of how the moon looks at exactly first quarter, it looks at least twice as large as it normally does. This is large as it normally does. This is large as it normally does. Twice as it normally does.

- page 11 -

