The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with a form filled out with details about a UFO sighting.

DATE - TIME GROUP: 23 AUG 65 1325/0272Z
LOCATION: Kettering, Ohio
SOURCE: CIVILIAN (P:ZAAIN)
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
COURSE: NE
PHOTOS: NO
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO

CONCLUSION: Possible Satellite. Sighting consistent with satellite in orbit.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a questionnaire form filled out by a witness.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on a possible unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have seen. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will be used in connection with any information you provide, unless you request otherwise. We assure you that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 13 June 1965
2. Time of day: 5 hour(s)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) Eastern Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Kettering, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes
5.1 How was it in sight determined? Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) DAY: Clear NIGHT: Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) 1. In front of you 2. Over your left shoulder 3. Overhead 4. Don't remember

FTD SEPT 72 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observer's sighting of an unidentified object.

Text from the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
a. CLEAR SKY
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapory

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

13. DID THE OBJECT: (CIRCLE ONE FOR EACH QUESTION)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up, slow down or make sharp turns? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know
e. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing text fields and handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Fading away
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know.
If moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Noisless movement, other sound 
b. Color - Glowing reddish light
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about object

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Fading away
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Noisless movement, other sound
b. Color - Glowing reddish light
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? about object

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing questions and answers.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  60-70 miles/hr.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes    No  
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  12 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of
b. In the residential section of
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest 
24.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object?   Yes    No

25. Did you see any of the following through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses          Yes    No
b. Sun glasses         Yes    No
c. Windshield           Yes    No
d. Window glass      Yes    No
e. Binoculars            Yes    No
f. Theodolite            Yes    No
g. Telescope           Yes    No
h. Other                  Yes    No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what attracted your attention, and what happened as the object whatever it was seemed to move or otherwise act, specifying any and all significant details, particulars and characteristics.

" The object was oval in shape with an off-white color. It seemed to be pulsating or vibrating. It moved slowly and steadily in a horizontal path until it disappeared from sight to the southwest. It made no noise and left no trail. It appeared to be solid object, not a reflection or illusion."

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or form with instructions and diagrams related to a Project Blue Book UFO report.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the compass high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
UFO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO 

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: REDACTED Last Name
ADDRESS: REDACTED City KETTERING Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER: REDACTED  AGE: 12  SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be related to the sighting: astronomy hobby - star watcher

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 3-19-65 Dayton 1-26-66 year

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a form or questionnaire, with handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 Jun 65

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or is a narrative explanation of your sighting:

This is a controlled object. First came up on observations as an aircraft coming from the west at high speed but leveled off and remained stationary over the community for about 30 minutes. Circular in shape and an estimated 30 to 50 feet in diameter. A bluish-white glow around the object. Completely silent in operation.

- page 8 -

