The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image. The text on the document is as follows:

1. DATE TIME GROUP: 23 May 65 29/0152
2. LOCATION: Macon, Georgia
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: West then South - Ren
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Glowing object going West then South. Ren 12-14 inches in diameter.

FTD FORM 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" questionnaire.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information to identify unidentified aerial phenomena. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any release of the information unless it is deemed necessary, in which case we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
28 MAY 65

2. Time of day: 2315
(Circle One): A. Morning B. Afternoon C. Evening D. Night

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific E. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Macon, Georgia

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2 - 3 minutes
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
YES

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY Bright, clear
b. NIGHT A. Bright B. Cloudy C. Hazy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

FTD FORM 664-1 This form supersedes FTD 144, 144-1, 144-2, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey form related to the sighting of a UFO.

Extracting the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Slight or no moonlight - pitch dark
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid 
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edge of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off another color? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flick? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image contains a form with questions about a reported UFO sighting, but it does not contain any photographs. 

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered in front of:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: Flashing bright b. Color: White light 
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing such details as wings, tail, the position and direction the object was moving.

The text output from the document is:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered in front of:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: Flashing bright b. Color: White light
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 1/2
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing such details as wings, tail, the position and direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
23. Were you (Circle One)
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what you observed.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a diagram and some handwritten text. The diagram appears to be an illustration related to the observation of unidentified flying objects, showing different angles and positions of an object in the sky.

The handwritten text at the bottom of the image states: "several were observed in a 27th".

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book, with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 IF yes, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes
31.2 Please list the names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, or training, or employment.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Day Month Year

- page 7 -

