The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2 September 65 03/21/42
2. LOCATION: Laredo, Texas
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: N/C
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 - 3 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (GV)
7. COURSE: Maneuvered
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Report #1
Sept.3,1965, 7:43 to 7:45 PM. Clear Sky. 
No stars at this time.
Object seen flying at about 325 degrees at a very high rate of speed. It was white in color. Upon becoming directly overhead, it seemed to "stand still" for a few seconds. Then it turned and went out of sight. This all happened in about 2 minutes. The object was initially traveling about 3 miles south of us, it then went out.
it was objected to be at about 10 degrees above horizon. After it stood still, it disappeared again at about 30 degrees above horizon. It disappeared in a short time. The actual direct line travel was from 10 degrees to 30 degrees above horizon. It traveled to about 55 degrees height and then turned and went out of sight. The object gave off no sound and left no trail.

Report #2

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document related to the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 September 65 - 05/02Z
2. LOCATION: Laredo, Texas (2)
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
10 minutes rather long for a/c sighting. Capella in initial position but would not move to H as rapidly as reported or disappear. Motion not in accord with balloon
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
7735 binoculars. Big star size of 2" ball, bright white. Initial sighting at 30 deg elevation. Still in sight at time of report. Visible 3-4 minutes. Reported motion as slow, straight flight. No clouds, good visibility. Additional data: Size & brilliance of Venus. Motion to NW descending observed in N. Disappeared in North. Conflicting data wherein reported object in September. Dated Form 164 Oct. Witnesses reporting quality very low. No mention of how object disappeared. Sections of form not completed.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS AIR FORCE CAMBRIDGE RESEARCH LABORATORIES (LG)
LAREDO AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS 78041

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DGO-CP

SUBJECT: UFO

TO: AFSFC (TDE)

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2 and our conversation of 7 September, the enclosed reports are for your information and action where appropriate.

2. Our analysis as, these and other similar reports so forwarded indicates that these are thought to be observations of natural or known phenomena such as celestial bodies, aircraft, planets, satellites, etc.

3. Reports which we receive which indicate observations of an unusual or otherwise unknown nature will be so identified and forwarded as per basic regulation by expeditious means.

4. Our offices will continue to process each report as objectively as possible and will be glad to furnish you with any further instructions from your office we will be said to comply.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN F. BLUMER, Major, USAF
Chief, Operations Desk Branch

20 Sep 65

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 3520TH PILOT TRAINING WING (ATC)
LAREDO AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS 78041

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:	DCO-OP					17 Sep 65
SUBJECT:	UFO

TO:	AFSC (FTD)
	The following UFO report is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2:

a.	Description of Object(s):
	(1) Shape:	Big star
	(2) Size:	Ball about 2"
	(3) Color:	Bright white
	(4) Number:	One
	(5) Formation:	N/A
	(6) Any discernible features or details:	no
	(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust:	none
	(8) Sound:	none
	(9) Other pertinent or unusual features:	none

b.	Description of Course of Object(s):
	(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? Mother saw object, called reporting observer's attention to same.
	(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 30°

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: had not disappeared.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): slow straight path
(5) How did the object(s) disappear?: had not disappeared.
(6) How long (were) the object(s) visible?: three to four minutes
c. Manner of observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic, ground-visual
(2) Statement as to optical aids, used and description thereof: Binoculars 7 x 35
(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed and home station.
d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting: 0212/03 Sep
(2) Light conditions: 
e. Location of observer: (Latitude and longitude, and/or geographical position) 27°30'N  99°28'W  Laredo, Texas
f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name: [redacted]
   Age: 41
   Mailing address: [redacted], Laredo, Texas
   Occupation: Shipping/receiving clerk
   Estimate of reliability: Estimate of reliability

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

(2) Military - Name
Grade
Organization
Duty
Estimate of reliability

a. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions At Time and Place of Sightings:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions: good visibility

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U. S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at 1,000/12 at surface:
Surface 110/12
6,000' 
10,000' 
15,000'
20,000'
30,000'
35,000'
50,000' 

(3) Ceiling: unlimited
(4) Visibility: 15 miles
(5) Amount of cloud cover: none

(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which observed: Thunderstorms in area about 30-50 miles w/sw

(7) Vertical temperature gradient:

b. Any other unusual activity or condition: None

i. Interception or identification action taken: None

Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting: None

- page 7 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

"k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including preliminary analysis of the possible cause of sighting(s) Command Post Officer of the Day, 1 Lt James C. Sutton.

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: none 

FOR THE COMMANDER
(JOHN P. BLUMER, Major, USAF)
Chief, Operations Plans Branch"

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned document page from a UFO report related to Project Blue Book.

WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
1 NOV 55

REPORT IDENTIFICATION FLYING OBJECT WHICH WAS SUBMITTED PURSUANT TO EXISTING REGULATIONS.

DESCRIPTIO : Two relatively' unidentified flying objects were observed. According to the information submitted, these objects were cylindrical in shape, dark in color, and noiseless. The objects were observed to hover, move horizontally, and disappear .at one point. No physical evidence was obtained. It is requested that you tell me the results of your investigation, if any. the final disposition of this case, and what the explanation of this incident might be.

Sincerely,

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is a United States Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any publication or other use of the information given on this personal information form, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? OCT 1965
2. Time of day: 7:30 MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other B
4. What did the object look like? (Total Duration)
Hours Minutes Seconds
4.1 How was time in sighting determined? JUST A GUESS
4.2 Was object a light continuous? YES X NO

5. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT
a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy d. Bright e. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One)
a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. 

Acting as an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moon (pitch dark)
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. Is it appeared, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Yes, brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clearly outlined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change speed at any time?
c. Suddenly change direction?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Disappear and reappear?
g. Flash or blink?
h. Leave a trail?

- page 11 -

The image contains a photograph of a United States Air Force document. The document appears to be a report or memo related to UFO sightings and investigations.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFSC) 
LAREDO AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS 78041

DCO-OP 20 Sep 65
SUBJECT: UFO

AFSC (FTD)
1. In accordance with AFR 200-2 and our conversation of 7 September, the enclosed reports are for your information and action where appropriate.
2. Our analysis here, of these and other similar reports so forwarded indicates that those we are inclined to be considered of natural origin phenomena such as astronomical sightings, aircraft, satellites, balloons, etc.
3. Reports which we receive which indicate observations of an unusual or otherwise unknown nature will be so treated and forwarded as per basic regulation by expeditious means.
4. Our offices will continue to process each report as objectively as possible; and any information or further instructions from your office we will be glad to entertain.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN P. BLUMER, Major, USAF
Chief, Operations Plans Branch

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and blank spaces for the witness to fill out.

Extracted text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

Disappeared gradually to to the best of my memory.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): YES   (NO)   Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES   (NO)   Don't know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:
b. Color: Seemed to be a silver or light gray color.
c. Size: About 20-25 feet in diameter, elongated in shape.
d. Number: One only.
e. Shape: Oval or elliptical shape, did not appear to be a solid object but more like a reflection of light.

18. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, antennas, etc., and specifically indicate the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow besides the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Drawing is provided)

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? To 500 to 800 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? .5 miles high

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
1. What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
North South East West Northeast Northwest

25. Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 14 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions, but no photographs. The diagram appears to show an illustration of how to track the motion of an unidentified object or objects in the sky, using angular measurements and a compass. The text instructs the viewer to place an "X" on the diagram to indicate the starting point, and track any changes in the object's direction during the course of its movement.

Page 3
In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "H" on the compass where you first saw the object.

There are more than one object, then how many were there? What direction were they traveling, and in what order did you observe them?

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
    I saw a light in the sky on (date redacted) in (location redacted).

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)     Yes   No  
31.2 Please list their name and address:
    (name and address redacted)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    (name, address, phone number, age, sex redacted)
    Please provide any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
    (redacted)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    (day, month, year redacted)

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document containing handwritten text.

DEC 1965
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

At Laredo, Texas, a fireball from N.G.C.B., at Beath East. They would see a storx, the brightest that ever seen. They did not tell me the type of object but it was the same type of material that they had seen before. Mrs. K. G. B. said it was getting brighter (she was in bed). The star again shown here was a bit of the object was seen (about the same size).

Sincerely
[Signature]

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book record, which is a form filled out to document a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6 September 65 07/0345
2. LOCATION: Laredo, Texas (1)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (GV)
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO
10. CONCLUSION: Aero (CONOR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer reported an object rapidly flashing from red to green to blue to white. The object appeared to be streaming or trailing objects faster than any satellite that the observer had ever seen.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a report on a UFO sighting.

TEXT OUTPUT:

UFO SIGHTINGS

Hq USAF SAPOICC (Mrs. Hunt)

1. The Air Force has received five reports of unidentified objects which have been sighted in the Laredo, Texas, area. These reports are identified as (1) 1915z, (2) 1930z, (3) 1935z, (4) 1950z, and (5) 2030z. The reports indicate that these objects are white, bright, and silent. They move at high speed and make abrupt changes in direction, but no trail is visible. The objects are estimated to be the size of small aircraft. The duration, motion, and behavior of the objects are consistent with the reports of Project Blue Book.

2. It is suggested that a fact sheet be attached to explain the present Air Force position on unidentified flying objects. 

FOR THIS CONTRACTOR

ERIC T. JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION

ORIGINATOR                        DATE 19 September 1965  

LTDEW                              DATE 22 September 1965

- page 19 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from the Project Blue Book collection.

December 22, 1965

APSC (PTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I am enclosing five reports of sightings of UFO's, the first of which I reported by a Lt. Sutton of the Laredo AFB, Texas, and since he informed me that I would be contacted by Washington, I have continued to make some more observations. Today I called the Laredo Base and was told that Lt. Sutton had been transferred out some time ago, and a Captain Ellis suggested that I write to you direct with my reports.

I am very much interested in knowing what it is that I am seeing, if at all possible, and I would very much appreciate a reply from your good offices after evaluation of my reports.

Thank you for your attention.

Yours very truly,
[Signature redacted]

Encls.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed report document from Project Blue Book, describing a sighting of a single amber-colored object by Emilio Dodier Jr. in Laredo, Texas on September 6, 1965. The report details the observer's description of the object and his personal experience of feeling a sense of mental telepathy while watching it.

Report #2.

September 6, 1965. 9:00 PM. E. Dodier alone.
One (1) single Amber colored object really streaking from directly
West to East. Seen with 7x35 field glass for about 5 seconds, then
the light went out. Speed was many times faster than any satellite
that I have ever seen. (I had the peculiar feeling that perhaps by
mental telepathy this particular object sensed I was watching it.)

Report #2.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The form includes details about a UFO sighting that occurred on 2 September 1965 in Laredo, Texas. The form contains information such as the date, location, number and description of objects observed, length of observation, type of observation, and physical evidence.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2 September 65 10/0215Z
3. LOCATION Laredo, Texas (a)
2. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 5
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 15 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual (BX)
7. COURSE North, then South
8. PHOTOS None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE □ Yes
X No
10. CONCLUSION A/C No data present, to indicated object could have been anything other than five observers sighted elongated diamond-shaped objects. There was no conclusive proof to indicate a conventional or identified object. Four or five old cars came from the North and then headed 300 along a N-S heading. The observers joined these cars and they moved together. One observer used binoculars.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 3520TH PILOT TRAINING WING (ATC)
LAREDO AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS 78041

REPLY TO ATIN OF: DCO-OP

SUBJECT: UFO

TO: AFSC (PTD)

The following UFO report is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2:

a. Description of Object(s):
(1) Shape: Round
(2) Size: Little larger than a star.
(3) Color: White, then red, then yellowish white.
(4) Number: One
(5) Formation: N/A
(6) Any discernible features or details: None
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust: None
(8) Sound: None
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: None

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? Brightness and movement.
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 20°

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TYPE//UFO
UFO Sightings
Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs. Hunt)
The A-2 Section note that the reports being underfillials and identify that the UFO sightings evaluated as related in C-21 Report #7 and subsequently classified as "F", indicating that the UFO sightings evapured would not indicate that the UFOs sighted were other than that described in Report R2, would inconsistent with the analysis and evaluation given in the subject report and would give the visual characteristics as described in paragraph 19 or 75.
It is suggested that a fact sheet be attached to explain the previous Air Force position on unidentified rlight objects.

FOR THE COMWANDER

ERIC T. JONQUERE,  Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Stimats/scms

COORDINATION

ORIGINATOR
COL/UFOP

DATE 30 Dec 65

DATF 1 2 FEB 6

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report describing the sighting of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) near Laredo, Texas on September 9, 1965.

Transcription of the text in the document:

LAREDO, TEXAS
September 9, 1965.

From 6:17 PM to 4:32 AM on this date, a total of 7 objects, 4 or 5 of which seemed to be hovering and then moving off in various directions, were observed by our investigators and our maid, all with us. The objects had been out and she and our maid saw them all with us. 

No sound whatsoever was heard by any of us , and I specifically noted that the objects did not make the slightest hissing, roaring or other sound. 

These objects were apparently shaped like an elongated diamond, with amber colored lights on the right and blue on the left. At a long distance they seemed to be hovering and then having climbed to the roof of my house, they seemed to move almost horizontally for about a mile and then suddenly, in about three seconds, they disappeared at a terrific speed, with every brilliant pulsation. In other words, there was about a 1/2 second interval between the minor red pulsations.

The objects seemed to be performing maneuvers, apparently with every facility, since they could take any course at their will. 

Four of the objects came from the North-about 20 degrees-and just hovered for a few seconds and then appeared to move for a considerable distance before descending, again just hovering, and then taking off rapidly to the South.

One of the objects seemed to be sighted only with amber lights and the other had a combination of amber and blue lights. This object was sighted longest and appeared to maneuver, moving rapidly from the South.

#2 Altitude seemed to be very different for all of these objects, from #2 and #3 came overhead over very long distances, and as before they seemed in formation. But their individual altitudes seemed very different, so much so, that one wondered what it was, since the object was banking, hovering and maneuvering, and it was not a conventional aircraft but obviously a self-propelled craft since it acted like a ball of light,moving across the sky.

Observations: The most interesting item is that the lights on this sighting do not seem like polarized light, on an ordinary aircraft. They seem more like polarized light, and their behavior of violently pulsating, diminishing and reappearing, would indicate that there is something perhaps unusual or odd about these lights themselves. Personally, I have seen many types of aircraft illght but I have never seen anything like this, and my home is about 14 miles South of the Laredo AFB, so I have seen many types of aircraft in the vicinity of my home.

Report #3.

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

AFSQ(PTD)
WA 42-Patterson AFB, Ohio

December 22, 1965

Gentlemen:

I am enclosing five reports of sightings of UFO's, the first of which I reported by telephone to a Lt. Sutton of the Laredo Air Force Base, Texas, and since he informed me that I would be contacted by Washington, I have continued to make some more observations. Today I called the Laredo Base and was told that Lt. Sutton had been transferred out some time ago, and a Captain Ellis suggested that I write to you direct with my reports.

I am very much interested in knowing what it is that I am seeing, if at all possible, and I would very much appreciate a reply from your good office after evaluation of my reports. 

Thank you for your attention.

Yours very truly,

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: 0 degrees.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Heading approximately 200 degrees. Suddenly disappeared for 5 to 10 seconds, then reappeared, bright red, moving erratically and disappearing below the horizon.
(6) How long (were) the object(s) visible? two to three minutes, total.
c. Manner of observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, sound-electronic, air-electronic.
(2) Statement as to optical aids, used and description thereof: Binoculars, 16 power, did not aid observer to distinguish the object any better than the naked eye. 
(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed and home station:
d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting: 0132/23 Sep
(2) Light conditions: Darkness, clear
e. Location of Observer: (Latitude and longitude, and/or geographical position) THN 3030 = 2402 Corpus Christi, Laredo, Texas
f. Identifying Information on Observer(s)
(1) Civilian - Name (redacted), Age: Unknown, Home address: (redacted), Occupation: Insurance Agent, Estimate of reliability: Though to be reliable.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

(2) Military - Name
Grade
Organization
Duty
Estimate of reliability

g. Weather and Winds - Left Conditions At Time and Place of Sightings:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions: clear
(2) Report from nearest AWS or U. S. Weather Bureau Office of
wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at:
Surface: 300/10 to 140/10@20
6,000': 160/10
10,000': 180/5
16,000': 180/10
20,000': 220/15
30,000': 270/20
50,000': 280/20
80,000': 290/20
(3) Ceiling: None
(4) Visibility: 15 mile
(5) Amount of cloud cover: high thin scattered
(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None
(7) Vertical temperature gradient: See 2 above.

h. Any other unusual activity or condition: None

i. Interception or identification action taken: Not applicable

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any
air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for
the sighting: T-33 aircraft, one T-39 aircraft in local area.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only text. As an OCR system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including preliminary analysis of the possible cause of sighting(s): I. Lt James C. Sutton, Officer of the Day, Laredo AFB: "I think the object sighted was probably a high performance aircraft maneuvering in the local area, however, there is no reported traffic in the area and the T-33 aircraft which should not be in the area where the sighting occurred."

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None

FOR THE COMMANDER
JOHN F. BLUMER, MAJOR, USAF
DUTY: Operations Plans Branch

- page 29 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a Project 10073 Record document. The document provides information about a sighting that occurred on September 6, 1965 in Laredo, Texas. According to the text, the object was observed traveling at a very high rate of speed, approximately 225 degrees, and then appeared to head at 315 degrees, about 20 degrees above the horizon. The object then disappeared, except for a bright red color that remained visible for a few seconds before disappearing completely. No sound was reported. The document concludes that no data was presented to indicate the object could have been an a/c (aircraft).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP  2. LOCATION
3 September 65 06/01/Z Laredo, Texas (2)
3. SOURCE
Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (GRD)
7. COURSE
then 135 deg, 225 deg, then 315 deg,
8. PHOTOS
() Yes
X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
() Yes
X No

- page 30 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image included in this page of the UFO report document. The document contains only text, which I will now proceed to transcribe:

UFO Sightings
Hq USAF SAPOICC (Mrs. Hunt)

1. The Air Force has received five reports of unidentified objects from Mrs. Hunt's residence at Wright-Patterson AFB. The latest section at Wright Patterson indicates that there is, (9x5) circular, no data was presented. This suggests that the object is probably a constellation reflection which would not indicate an unidentified object. However, the visual characteristics described in reports could be consistent with an unidentified object, and in particular the light described in previous reports may indicate a hovering and maneuver which would give the visual characteristics as described in paragraph 2 below.

2. It is suggested that a fact sheet be attached to explain the present air force position on unidentified flying objects. 

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. C. JONCKHEERS, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION

ORIGINATOR STDEW/UFO MAJ E. Quintanilla, Jr. DATE 3 1 DEC 1965 
STDEW/UFO DATE 13 JAN 66

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows the contents of a typed letter or document.

AFSC(FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Gentlemen:

I am enclosing five reports of sightings of UFO's, the first of which I reported by telephone to a Lt. Dutton of the Laredo AFB Force Base, Texas, and gave him information that I would be contacted by Washington. I have continued to make some more observations.  Today I called the Laredo Base and was told that Lt. Dutton had been transferred out, and a Captain Ellis suggested that I write to you direct with my reports.

I am very much interested in knowing what it is that I am seeing, if at all possible, and I would appreciate a reply from your good offices after evaluation of my reports.

Thank you for your attention.

Yours very truly,
Encls.

- page 32 -

