There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book record, which contains a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 October 65
2. LOCATION: SNOW HILL, MARYLAND
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: Landed
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes
10. CONCLUSION: Balloon
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The object was identified by NASA operating a Wallops Island Station, 7a. as a balloon. A direct report of the balloon observation was not made to the Observer. The conclusion that the object was a balloon was reached by Radio only. On 21 Oct 65 a call from Dover AFB, was made. This object appeared to many to exhibit the characteristic of a Balloon. The object was compared to aluminum foil and resembled a visible balloon.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. However, the text in the document describes the details of a research project involving experimental balloons. The balloons were shaped like a blimp, about 13.7 to 15.5 feet long and about 4 feet in diameter. The balloons were launched on October 19, October 23, and October 26, 1965. One of the balloons launched last week landed inland and generated a flurry of public interest. The Air Force UFO Information Office at the Pentagon called this a marginal and they have recovered the balloon which struck a power line in two locations and exploded. The project people felt that persons finding balloons should let the company, giving the serial number and the balloon number, know where they came from.

October 26, 1965

The Langley Research Center is conducting a research project with experimental balloons. The manufacturer is the Schjeldahl Company, Northfield, Minnesota. A series of six of these balloons are being launched.

The balloon is shaped like a blimp 13.7 to 15.5 feet long and about 4 feet in diameter. It has 3 fins on the tail which are inflated. It is made of a material developed by the Schjeldahl Company which is translucent.

One was launched October 19, two were launched October 20, and the other two in the series may be launched today.

One of these balloons launched last week landed inland (about 25 miles) from Wallops Island and generated a flurry of public interest. 

The Air Force UFO Information Office at the Pentagon called this a marginal and they have recovered the balloon which struck a power line in two locations and exploded at Wallops. The project people said it was most unlikely that any balloons would strike a power line as it was impossible. They also felt that the Zero Beach balloon was a normal mission. The Schjeldahl Company representative said they have supplied about 1500 similar metallic mylar plastic balloons for launch at the Cape and the Zero Beach balloon was one of these. However, the Air Force said they understood the Zero Beach balloon was shaped like a light bulb.

The project people here feel that if persons finding balloons where they came from, the company, giving the serial number and the balloon number, would write the number on the balloon.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Transcribed text from the document:

October 26, 1965

The Langley Research Center is conducting a research project with special balloons. The manufacturer of these balloons is the G. T. Schjeldahl Company, Northfield, Minn. A series of 10 of these balloons are being launched in the current tests.

The balloon is shaped like a blimp 15.7 to 16.3 feet long and about 4 feet in diameter. It has a fins or tail which are also inflated. It is made of metallized mylar plastic.

One was launched October 19, and two were launched October 20, and the other two will be launched today.

One of these balloons launched last week landed inland about 23 miles (air miles) from Wallops Island and generated a flurry of public interest.

The Air Force UFO Information Office at the Pentagon called this morning and they had been interrogated about a balloon which struck a power line and there was a banch. Florida, and exploded. They wondered if it might have been launched at Wallops. However, they indicated that any balloon launched at Wallops would drift - east, but not at Wallops Island. They believe that one was probably launched at the Cape in connection with the Gemini 6 mission. The schlejdahl Company representatives said they have supplied about 1300 meter metallized mylar plastic balloons for the current tests. The zero pressure balloon may have been one of these. However, the UFO Office said they understood the zero pressure balloon was shaped like a light bulb.

The problem people have feel that persons finding balloons should, if they want to find out where they came from, write the company, giving the serial number and the design/message number on the balloon.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that provides information about balloons used in an experimental project at Wallops Island, NASA. The document describes the characteristics of the balloons, such as their size, material, and purpose, as well as the company that manufactures them. It also mentions that these balloons have been supplied to the Marshall Space Center.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

BALLOONS:
1. Wallops Island, NASA, is conducting a series of tests, using blimp-like balloons in an experimental project. Balloons are manufactured by the G.T. Schjeldahl Co. (Schill-dahl) of Northfield, Minnesota. The balloons are blimp shaped, 13.7 to 16.5 feet long, four inches in diameter, metallized mylar plastic, and the balloon has 3 inflated fins off the tail. Balloons can drift for several hundred miles, depending on winds. Balloons have serial numbers, and DR-Design Release Numbers.
2. The G.T. Schjeldahl Co. also manufactures another type balloon. This balloon is approximately two meters in diameter(sphere), metallized mylar plastic, and the 3" which projects beyond the spherical reflector for radar tracking. Used to measure wind velocity before a launch. Have supplied 1500 of these balloons to the Marshall Space Center.

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

The text from the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
1607TH AIR TRANSPORT WING (MATS)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DELAWARE, 1961

APPO OF ODDC

SUBJECT: UFO Recovered at Dover AFB, Delaware

TO: FTD (PDEE) (VFPO)

1. Reference Telecon between Sgt. Moody and MSgt Fernandes on 25 Octo- ber 1965 in which FTD requested further information on the identification of the balloon to NASA.

2. After notifying FTD (VFPO) on 21 October 1965 that the object would be sent to Capt. Glen S. Handley, Chief Of Intelligence, G.I. 2., B-52 Lead, Washington representative of the G.I. 2. (Geophysical Intelligence Co. of Horz. Model Observation Balloon), we reconsidered this action on the advice of Lt. Col. John B. Coleman, Chief of Missile and Space Vehicle Division. The balloon was retained until Mr. Kenneth Witt, company engineer, arrived to make positive identification.

3. On 22 October we received a call from Mr. Bob Long of NASA Operations, Washington, D.C. Mr. Long stated NASA had launched similar once manufactured by the Schejdahl Co. He could a check the 20 October indication balloon could possibly be one launched by NASA from Wallops Island. We retained the balloon until we can determine from Mr. Witt when he arrives. Mr. Witt arrived on the 22nd of October and positively identified the balloon as one manufactured by the Schejdahl Co. for NASA. He called Mr. Bob Long at NASA Operations. Va. and confirmed this balloon which was to be delivered to NASA on Monday or Tuesday of the following week. 

4. Further information on the return and ownership of the balloon can be obtained by calling Mr. Bob Long at NASA, Wallops Island Station, Va. (703 824-3411 ext 2554).

FOR THE COMMANDER

CHARLES R. GANT
Major, USAF
Chief of Airlift Training

3 Atch
Press Releases on UFO

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a newspaper clipping or document about an unidentified object sighting. There is no photograph visible in this image, only text.

AFB Officials Claim Unidentified Object
As an "unidentified, inflatable, four-foot object" was seen earlier, officials now say it was some type of radar reflector. Mrs. Howkins doesn't know what it was, but it was not a weather balloon, according to the article.

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a newspaper article with a photograph. The article discusses a "strange object called balloon" that was reportedly found in Snow Hill, Maryland. The article mentions that the object was a "Md. mystery deflated" and provides details about the object, including its size and physical characteristics. The article also mentions people's reactions and opinions about the object. However, since the image contains no identifiable human faces, I will not name or identify any individuals mentioned in the text.

Morning News, Washington, D.C., Wed., Oct. 20, 1965

Strange object called balloon 

Md. mystery deflated

SNOW HILL, MD. - The object which fell over Snow Hill, Md., yesterday morning is not, a space ballon, a spokesman for the U.S. Air Force said last night. 

Robert Lail, manager of the Washington office of the U.S. Weather Bureau, said he was told by a representative of the U.S. Air Force that it was a weather research balloon. Lail said he based his theory on a description of the find--an infalated, 14-foot long, with a diameter of 10 feet. Lail said he would conduct an investigation at once.

MRS. GEORGE THONPKINS, owner of the hatchery, said the object looked to be a "hail of tin" and was equipped with fur valves, nylon markings and the name cf the company. 

It was equipped with two valves, Mrs. Hopkins said. Four men from the Salisbury office of the U.S. Air Force came and examined the object and then took it away. 

Mrs. Hopkins said the object appeared designed to influence the weather. Mrs. Hopkins said heat applied unconsciously to cause the thing to expand and when it was carried into the hatchery office it quickly floated to the ceiling. 

A team from the Dover Air Force Base picked up the object and returned it to the base.

A base spokesman said it will be taken to Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio for positive identification. 

Representation of the Aeronautics and Space Administration at Wallops Island, Va., said it did not originate there.

It was the firm that professed the John I aeittie agency as a legitimate contractor to have launched the object, though the ships at Ceo. 

LAIN said many of the balloon-type objects are used in trials of weather instruments and are used by the Virginia Institute of Marine Science and the U.S. Weather Bureau to measure wind speeds at various altitudes.  

"It's entirely possible one of them got loose," Lail said. "Balloons of various types are flying around the country all the time in rescue tests and weather experiments."

Lail said many of the ballons are made of aluminum plastic foil.

MRS. HOPKINS said she remembered Wednesday's aftermom and night screams of people who sighted the object before it was removed. Mrs. Hopkins said many theories were expressed about its origin and size, the most prevalent being that it was a strange, large or a close for training radar operators.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
1607TH AIR TRANSPORT WING (MATS)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DOVER, DELAWARE 19901

GROT

UFO Recovered at Dover AFB, Delaware 
29 October 1965

FTD (TDRA) (USO)

1. Reference Telcon between Maj Moody and MSgt Formander on 25 October 1965. I was notified that the object could be examined. After discussing the matter with Lt Col Peyton, our decision was to conduct the examination and identification on the 29th of October 1965.

2. After notifying FTD (TDRA) on 21 October 1965 that the object would be sent to them for identification, we received a phone call from Maj Hill, requesting us to hold the object for purposes of examination by members of the FTD (TDRA). Maj Hill stated, they desired to make the identification themselves. A team, consisting of a balloon manufacturer, Mr. Coleson, company engineer, and Mr. Arnold, arrived to make positive identification.

3. On 29 October we received a call from Mr. Bob Long of NASA Operations, Wallops Island Station, Va. Mr. Long stated that the balloon through the recovery of which the object was recovered, was a similar one manufactured by the Schjeldahl Co. He said a check could possibly indicate a relationship to the 20 October incident, and the UFO that we informed him of, that a representative from the Schjeldahl Co. had indicated was their balloon. We informed Mr. Long that a representative from the Schjeldahl Co. had already arrived and was making the identification.

4. Further information on the status and ownership of the balloon can be obtained by calling Mr. Bob Long at Wallops Island Station, Va. Phone 703 (824-3411 ext 2522).

FOR THE COMMANDER

CHARLES R. GANT
Major, USAF
Chief, UFO Analyst Training

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be an excerpt from a document describing technical details about weather balloons used in an experimental project by NASA at Wallops Island.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

BALLOON:
1. Wallops Island, NASA, is conducting a series of tests, using blimp-like balloons in an experimental project. Balloons are manufactured by the G.T. Schjeldahl Co. (Schjell-dahl) of Northfield, Minnesota. The balloons are blimp shaped, 13.7 to 16.5 feet long, four inches in diameter, metallized mylar plastic, and the balloon has inflated fins off the tail. Balloon can drift for several hundred miles, depending on winds. Balloons have aerial numbers, and DR-Design Release Numbers. 
2. The G.T. Schjeldahl Co also manufactures another type balloon. This balloon is approximately two meters in diameter(sphere), negalazed mylar plastic, and has 3" high projection horns, spikes, reflectors for radar tracking. Used to measure wind velocity before a launch. Have supplied 1500 of these balloons to the Marshall Space Center.

- page 9 -

