There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a text-based observation report.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 24 June 65, 2500/0130Z
2. LOCATION: Troy, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4.5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: West
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

FTD FTP 0-0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used for technical analysis and will not be used for any other purpose without your permission. We request that you furnish this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 2015 (Circle One) A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEAREST POSTAL ADDRESS: 57 TROY, City Town
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 45 MINUTES SECONDS
5.1. How was time in sight determined? WATCH
5.2. Was object in sight continuously? YES
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: BRIGHT NIGHT: DARK
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you
8. Remarks: VERY BRIGHT WITH SHARP EDGES
FTD GCT 75 164 This form supersedes FTD 166, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page does not contain any photographs, but rather a survey-style questionnaire for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified aerial object.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
B.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright
d. Don't remember

B.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moon, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Raining, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to the surrounding object:
Handwritten response

12. The size of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any times?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Change color?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It went off in a flash, white and red.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one) Yes. If you answered YES, It moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes. If you answered YES, It moved in front of. 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound  and c. Color White and reddish.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would the match stick or arm have covered? No larger than moon.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate if they were trails or smoke. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph contained in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about an observed unidentified object.

TEXT OUTPUT FROM OCR:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) ND
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (plane)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. At home
b. In the residential section
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Other 

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Other Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.
Strange light

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but does not include any photographs. The text in the document states:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The page appears to be a form with questions about the witness's sighting of an unidentified object.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? No.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? Yes.
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? Yes.
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Redacted.
32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: Redacted.
ADDRESS: Troy, [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted. 
AGE: 46
SEX: M
NONE
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Sept 8, 1962

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a filled-out questionnaire form visible.

24 June 1965
HAVE

- page 8 -

