There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, specifically for a UFO sighting that occurred on 29 October 1965 in Florissant, Missouri.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 29 October 65, 30/0645z
2. LOCATION: Florissant, Missouri (3)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15-20 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Straight up
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes
10. CONCLUSION: A/C
Possible Balloon or A/C. Description similar to Sept, 1965 case for Balloon. Sighting described only as metallic color, rising straight up. Not unusual, no real facts.

Object rose straight up from the ground and took metallic color. Object disappeared into clouds. Observer saw the object but could not get out of the corner of his car in time to stop car, get out, and pursue it. Object disappeared about 5 seconds after observer located it.

FTD FORM SEP 69 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
None

31.1 Was anyone else with you at the time you saw this object? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.2 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Name: [Redacted]
Address: [Redacted]
Telephone number: [Redacted]
Age: 20
Sex: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be related to this report.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
October 8, 1965
Florisssant, Missouri

- page 2 -

There is a hand-drawn diagram on the page, but no photograph.

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 NOV 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

On the night of Nov 6, 1965 at approximately 7:30 PM, I observed a strange object in the sky. The object appeared to be hovering or stationary and was witnessed by several other persons. The object did not appear to be an aircraft or celestial body and seemed to emit some kind of light or energy. I drew a diagram to the best of my recollection of the object's appearance and motion.

DIAGRAM
[A hand-drawn diagram showing the object's path across the sky]

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a typed memo describing an observation of a UFO sighting.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
1 Nov 65
Air Force Base called to report of sighting
of 30 Oct 65 at 10 pm 1 Saturday morning. The object appeared
to be a round disc with a slight dome. The observer saw the object
out of the corner of his eye. He stopped the car-got out. He 
was the object rising from a woodland at about 1500 ft. Heading
northwest at about 400 mph. The object was in sight for about 10-13 seconds.
was for about 13 seconds after the car got out of the car. He was it
at the moment it was rising. It was at Douglas Rd at Jamestown.
It took off going toward the river away from the Air Base. It was
a completely clear night with no moon light. Visibility - 20 mi
3/10 cloud cover
There were also 3 or 4 observers who had reported this object.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text output:

FRED (last name redacted)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
3 Nov 55

Mr. (name redacted)
St. Louis, Missouri

Dear Sir,

This report of an unidentified flying object has been forwarded to me from Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, for our office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. The preliminary information was sufficient for an evaluation. This is requested that you complete the attached form and return it to our office as soon as possible.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or report from the United States Air Force regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Text from the document:

ATTO (TYPER)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
1 Nov 65

Patrolman Andrew M. Foss
St. Louis County Police Department
9900 South Central Avenue
St. Louis, Missouri

Dear Sir,

A report from Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, concerning an unidentified flying object sighting on October 30, 1965 has been forwarded to this office. The reporting officer indicates that you had received additional reports during the early morning hours of Saturday, October 30. It is requested that you send this additional information to this office.

We are enclosing return envelopes for your convenience.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force a detailed and accurate report on an unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any other reports or data concerning that observation. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 27 September 1965 Month Day Year
2. Time of day: 12:52 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Florissant Nearest Postal Address City or Town State
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15:20 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By depth of aircraft trailing in the sky
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes x No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT
a. Bright b. Partly Cloudy a. Bright b. Partly Cloudy - STARS

- page 7 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a form or questionnaire related to observations of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Transcribed text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten note]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Hazy or indistinct
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? [Circled] No
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? [Circled] Yes
c. Break up into parts or explode? [Circled] No
d. Change brightness? [Circled] Yes
e. Change shape? [Circled] Yes
f. Flash or flicker? [Circled] Yes
g. Disappear and reappear? [Circled] Yes

I believe from this sighting that the object showed a number of unusual characteristics that do not appear to have conventional explanations. It seems to have displayed behaviors like sudden acceleration, changes in brightness and shape, and disappearing/reappearing that would be consistent with an unidentified flying object.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing written responses to various questions about an observed UFO.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It appeared to disappear into the distance.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (Circle One): If you answered YES, it moved behind: Don't know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (Circle One): If you answered YES, it moved in front of: The stars.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Dull, somewhat grayish.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object a known distance from you and compare this with the size of the object. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 1/2 inch.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing all the details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or flames. Please note below the drawing the approximate time the object was moving.
(A hand-drawn sketch is included depicting a shape with an upward-facing U-shaped curve and a rectangular protrusion on the bottom.)
AT TAKEOFF - Straight up, 3 to 5 seconds.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As per the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 600 miles/hr

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 When direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No Stopped and got out

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windsheild Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Telescope Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object or objects you saw.
It appeared somewhat elongated, blunt ended, about 100-150 feet long, moved erratically at high speed, stopped and got out. Apparently flew off.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch that appears to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The sketch shows a diagram with angular measurements and instructions for the observer, but no human faces are visible.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Please a "C" on the object to show where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. (may you could a perfect right angle turn.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 11 -

