The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record regarding a UFO sighting in the San Francisco area on August 2, 1965.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
4-2 Aug 65/1957 San Francisco Area (Reports from Hamilton AFB)
3. WITNESS 10. CONCLUSION
GD Island (MARS) - 2. INSUFFICIENT DATA. Duration missing.
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
One Object 1. Bright yellowish object in West setting at 2000 hrs. 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 2. 05/04/352 - Rapid village: White light changing colors as it was
N/A moving (also reported from other area) to S.W.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 3. 05/04/352 - Hamilton AFB: Bright light, no trail, moving slow to the 
4. 05/04/352 - San Francisco: Found with a bright light moving fast at
CASUAL-VISUAL 2000 hrs. Tracked on ground radar.
7. COURSE 5. Satellite - with a moving across sky. Not a UFO report. Time unknown.
N/A 6. 08/04/352 - Redding: Yellowish object orbiting in circle.
8. PHOTOS 7. 08/04/002 - White object moving downward at great speed.
- 8. 08/04/002 - White light still visible but fading. Moved toward East.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 9. Form 164 sent on Insufficient Data cases if address available.
- FTD SP 203 0-329 (TDB)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with questions and response options related to the observation of a UFO.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Some, c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy or scattered clouds, c. Overcast, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. About the same, c. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: "neon light"

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Fairly sharp and distinct, c. Other __

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Flare up brighter? Yes No Don't know
f. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
g. Leave a trail? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. Based on the text in the document, the observer described the object as reddish-yellow in color, and provided a detailed hand-drawn sketch of the object, describing its elongated, elliptical shape and the vapor trails it produced. 

OCR output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - sank below horizon

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle one): Yes (No) Don't know.  If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes (No) Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound none
b. Color reddish-yellow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object's length is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match?
/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
(The witness then provided a detailed hand-drawn sketch of the elongated, elliptical object producing vapor trails.)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answers.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 
e. Flying over the countryside
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In some countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Camera Yes No
d. Binoculars Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Window glass Yes No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a child's toy top

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a diagram and instructions for sketching the path and direction of observed objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "L" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.  
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  
Yes X  
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  
Yes X No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Kathleen [redacted]
Mrs Mrs [redacted] Pt. Richmond, Calif
Same and son

32. Please give the following information about yourself:  
NAME [redacted]  
Last Name [redacted]  
ADDRESS [redacted] Point Richmond 46021  
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]  
AGE 44 SEX M  

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.  

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?  
Hamilton Air Force Base       August 1965

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting report.

Text extracted from the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 16th September 1962

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire - a narrative explanation of your sighting:

My vision is 20-15-

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch or illustration of an unidentified aerial object.

The text in the document reads as follows:

USAF (ATTN: PATTERSON APB, OHIO 45433
8 September 1965)

San Amgelmo, California

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your recent unidentified sighting of 7 August 1965. The information given is not sufficient to substantiate the existence of an unidentified flying object. Therefore, I am unable to verify and return it in the envelope provided.

The Air Force appreciates your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book document that contains handwritten text.

UFD
14.2.5
DOC
1) Sighte
2) San.Krsncisoo Area

2) GTE
5. 7-2?-65
6. A. Sealey
7. Dunsford
8. Ap;rently 7.30
9. Straqge Yoon
10. 8trang1y Markoa L.ooaticm
11. Gry eirrole-3ike obJeot
12. Gry color

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire, likely related to a Project Blue Book UFO report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? _____ Day - _____ Month - _____ Year

2. Time of day: _____ a.m. or _____ p.m.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other _____

4. Where were you when you saw the object? ____ (Street Address) ____ (City or Town) ____ (State or Country)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) _____ Hours _____ Minutes _____ Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? _____ Yes _____ No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: b. NIGHT:
1. Clear 1. Clear
2. Partly Cloudy 2. Cloudy
3. Overcast 3. Hazy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 10 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or observation.

Text extracted from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined 
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly appear and/or disappear?
b. Break up into parts or explode?
c. Change brightness?
d. Change color?
e. Flash or flicker?
f. Disappear and reappear?

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
HAMILTON AIR FORCE BASE and 7851H COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP
United States Air Force
Hamilton Air Force Base, California 94925

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: SGOTI-BO

SUBJECT: UFO REPORTS

TO: ACIC (YDS)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Attached reports are submitted for your information and disposition.
Follow-up investigations revealed no additional information or explanations regarding the incidents. Conclusions reached regarding these matters were sent that did not appear to reflect your interest.

2. The film movie clip submitted by Mr. -------------- and decision made to forward it for purposes of your more expert evaluation. It is requested this film be returned when you are finished examining it.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ALRAD V. MANKEEDICK, Capt., USAF
Base Operations Officer

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and answers about a reported UFO sighting.

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? It so, how?
Gradually faded out of sight-

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what:
Moved behind clouds and disappeared.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:
No.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None heard 
b. Color: White 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about 1 inch

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the trail or vapor trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A handwritten sketch shows an image with a curved shape and a trailing line, with an arrow pointing toward the right.]

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions about an unidentified object sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes / No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. Outside c. In an automobile d. In an airplane (types) e. At sea f. Other _________

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airport? e. Hunting, fishing, or camping? f. Flying over open country?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes / No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Check all that apply) a. Eyeglasses Yes / No b. Sunglasses Yes / No c. Windshield Yes / No d. Window glass Yes / No e. Binoculars Yes / No f. Telescope Yes / No g. Theodolite Yes / No h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 14 -

The image contains a diagram and sketches, but no photographs. The diagram appears to be a compass with angle markings. The sketches show how to indicate the direction and elevation of an observed object.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted] 
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 36 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
[redacted]

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely related to a UFO report.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   Day 7  Month   Aug  Year 1965 

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

My saan about aircraft, the huge light moving past and disapppearing into the distance. We watched the object for several minutes. It seemed to be traveling at a high rate of speed, far above the altitude of commercial aircraft. The object and continued on out of sight. I was startled by the brightness of the light and the speed at which the object was traveling. It did not resemble any type of known aircraft. The object remained in sight for a few minutes and then disappeared from view. I watched it carefully and I am convinced that this was not a conventional aircraft.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated September 13, 1965 from Hector Quintanilla Jr., Major of the USAF and Chief of Project Blue Book, addressed to an unnamed recipient in Jenks Creek, California.

Text output:

Major Frank Patterson AFPI, OHIO 45433
8 September 1965
Jenks Creek, California 
Dear 
Reference your recent unidentified sighting of 7 August 1965. The information which you have provided is now being entered in our files and record is in the envelope provided.
The Air Force appreciates your interest in this subject.
Sincerely,
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 18 -

The image appears to contain handwritten text on a report document, but does not seem to include any photographs. As an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

A. 
B.
C.
D.
E.
F. Dournady
G. Movement and brightness
H. West cod
I. Track
J. Showed to wife & kids
K. 30 - 45 seconds
L. Vertical star-like object
M. Orangeish color
N. A still west of home

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire used to gather information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object which you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, summaries, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we can contact you if necessary for additional details.

1. When did you see the object?

2. Time of day:

3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                   b. Central 
                   c. Mountain
                   d. Pacific
                   e. Daylight Saving
                   f. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Nearest Postal Address:

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was there in sight continuity?

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    a. DAY:
       a. Clear
       b. Partly Cloudy
    b. NIGHT:
       a. Clear
       b. Partly Cloudy
       c. Overcast

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you
                   b. Behind you
                   c. To your left
                   d. To your right

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Brighter 
b. Dimmer
c. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Few, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Luminous
d. As a light

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
Was brighter than anything I've ever seen in the sky before.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a sharp line
c. Metallic
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes  /  No  /  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes  /  No  /  Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes  /  No  /  Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes  /  No  /  Don't know
e. Spin or rotate? Yes  /  No  /  Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes  /  No  /  Don't know

- page 21 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten report form with questions about the sighting of an unidentified object. There is no photograph included in this image.

Text extracted from the image:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object stayed motionless for a long time, then moved rapidly and disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: The object moved behind a cloud that was in the sky.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in your own words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: Circular, rather hazy, no definite edges.
b. Color: Appeared to be a bright, slightly reddish color.

18. How long did you observe the object? About 3 minutes.
How did the object disappear from view? It gradually faded from view and disappeared.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may such as wings, projections, etc., and indicate by an arrow the direction the object was moving.
[The drawing shows an oval shape with an arrow pointing to the right.]

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a scanned document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

SRTMT Patterson AFB, OHIO 45433
3 September 1965

San Francisco, California

Dear Mr ______,

Reference your recent unidentified sighting of 5 August 1965. The information received in this office records your report and return it in the envelope provided.

The Air Force appreciates your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF 
CHIEF, Project Blue Book

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcribed text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  5 miles per minute approximately

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a vehicle
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. In or near a small town?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other _____

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No) 
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other _____

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which would be similar in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

It was a round shaped object with a halo or glow around it and it appeared to be hovering and then moved out of sight rather quickly.

- page 24 -

The image appears to contain a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch shows a compass or navigation instrument, as well as some instructions and questions related to observing and describing the motion of an unidentified object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form-style questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) *Yes *No
31.1 If yes, who were they, did they see the object too? (Circle One) *Yes *No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted information]
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 34 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Redacted response]
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted information]

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph or any visuals, it appears to be a handwritten document or report. I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and extract all the text found in the document:

SRF 34 ZOA
NOTAR H2679 KSFO VISUAL CGC CS 23.30 LEFT SEC 200 NMR ASN 1400W AT 063030.
DATE: AUGUST 17, 1965 SIGHTING OF OUR DOWNW 737145 WITHIN 2 SEC AIR OF 45N 145W. ZOA 

D.O.C. is a more recent report on a flight between San Francisco and Honolulu. The object was first sighted on or about 7 Aug 65 at 8:48 pm in position approx 800 miles northeast of Honolulu. It was traveling at a very high rate of speed, moving in a straight line, and was in sight for approximately 2-3 seconds. It was not any known type of aircraft. There were several other witnesses to this sighting.

A3C D.O. Merrell

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text that appears to be a report or description of some kind of incident or observation. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

Trajectory
Santa Cruz Shang 9.15
watchest cruise 
T-6
93097 * 
Mendicino st
Clome lust
had  horizontal sighting
second parallel types  
vvery slowly
6-7°v-o low  horizontal 
light same friendly lost  
slowly 
center not game  not
here

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten notes.

Extracted text:

1. Reported by:
Typewritten signatures Office
Approved Vt, 49
20 FEB 62

2. Yellowish object, quite high, apparently circular in shape.
No movement.

3. 1. Pacing across field
2. Standing still
3. Moved straight up at fast speed
to probably the minute

4. B maneuvers 8 passes

5. c 9:30 PM 1
6. Dist. 1/2 mile
7. Mongering wind pusing the (element?).

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a list of observations or details about a reported UFO sighting.

The text from the document is as follows:

12:36 7. 19.55 called from 622 +520, 
San Bruno, Rafael Village
Round bright
Glow or spark flash
Intense white 
Light white, flashing, blue, red, green
Dancing type lights
No trail
No sound
Steadily west
Neighbors "clear motion"
450 WEST
0430 E SPOTTED
Field glasses to power 
NIGHT
clear sky

- page 30 -

There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text describing a UFO sighting. The text is as follows:

UFO called from 326-7721 
San Francisco

1. Round, long
2. Size of pencil in length and round 
3. No trail
4. No sound
5. Flashing object, blue white 
6. Moving towards North
7. 30° North
8. Disappeared 
9. Visual sight
10. Night
11. Clear

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text and sketches, but no photographic elements.

Text extracted from the document:

8/7/70-127 Sighting 
Report
13/10 -K #4 Report

- page 32 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten note or document.

OCR Output:
Gei fonder - hei i oefcer
On. cantina

Ono for 2.5 july
Hannon

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document or report. The text in the document is:

UFO
Variously white - red from trail - 30' - space region.
Round, long
Size of basketball
Ghostly white
No trail
No sound
Children noticed first
Moving towards North
60° North
0455 = spotted
Visual light
Night
Clear skies

- page 34 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed or handwritten document page from what seems to be a Project Blue Book report.

7 AUG 65 
Z HERSEY

- page 35 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, containing a handwritten list of observations and characteristics about a UFO sighting.

OCR text:

FROM MR. CARTY, 4936-6433
2:50 A.M. 6/13/65, PLEASANT HILL
1. Round, light
2. Size of orange 
3. White and bright
4. One object
5. No trail
6. Movement towards west
7. Apparent diameter because of light 
8. Est. west
9. Object spotted
10. Visual sight 
11. Night time
12. Clear skies

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document is as follows:

"AFSC (CVWC)
PROJECT BLUE BOOK
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

SADIE C. COULL
Pleasant Hill, California

Dear Miss Coull:

Reference is made to your recent unidentified sighting of 5 August 1969. 
The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Requests for additional data on the observed UFOs from 1961 are being forwarded to the field for follow-up action.

The Air Force appreciates your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book"

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UFOS CITIUN (Item)
Fight-Patroiman AFP, OHIO 45433
4 September 1965

Point Richmond, California
Dear Mr.

The information which we certified sighting of 7 August 1965, California, please refer to your letter of 4 September 1965 and return it in the envelope provided.

The Air Force appreciates your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten list or report, with numbered items describing various observations or details.

1. Description: A round 
2. Known sighting
3. Recuring sighting
4. No trail
5. No sound
6. Stationary
7. Wait 15 s 
8. Cigar shaped
9. Down to 1000 ft.
10. Blackulars 7 Power 75x50
11. 9.5 deg. out at 6
12. 5 miles where at 11p.m.

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Force Technical Information Form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about an unidentified flying object which you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? August 11, 1965
2. Time of day: (Circle One) A.M. or P.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Painl field California
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 50 SECONDS
a. Certain b. Approximately
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Clocks
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. CLEAR b. CLOUD c. NIGHT HAZY d NIGHT CLEAR
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you b. To your left c. Behind you d. To your right e. Don't remember

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
1. When did you see the object? August 11, 1965
2. Time of day: (Circle One) A.M. or P.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Painl field California
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 50 SECONDS
a. Certain b. Approximately
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Clocks
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. CLEAR b. CLOUD c. NIGHT HAZY d NIGHT CLEAR
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you b. To your left c. Behind you d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 40 -

