The image contains a sketch and a compass diagram, but no actual photograph. 

The text found in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Be the directing for question inversion.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Now, I will act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location:
The object that I saw was a large bright light that seemed to float over the field and then suddenly disappear. I have never seen anything like it before.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes  No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes  No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mary Young, Indianapolis, Indiana 46227

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Mary Young
ADDRESS: Indianapolis 27, Indiana 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted
AGE: 31  SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have no special experience with UFOs. This was the first time I have ever seen anything like this.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
December 1, 1965 Local Police

- page 2 -

There is no visible photograph or image in this document. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire used to gather details about an unidentified aerial phenomenon that was observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used only for official purposes and will not be released to the public in any way, either in the form of conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Weekday night

2. Time of day: 8:15 Hours

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Indianapolis Indiana Wayne

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10-15 Seconds

a. Certain c. Not very sure
5.1 How was the sight determined? Sudden disappearance
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. Day b. NIGHT

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left
b. To back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moon
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Heavy rain or snow
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharp and distinct
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Disappear and reappear?
h. Disappear and never appear?

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book report document, containing a questionnaire or form with text responses about a reported UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Gradually and suddenly still upright
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes, Don't Know. It moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes, Don't Know. In front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound No sound reported b. Color Extremely bright or metallic, silvery-white in color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About 15-20 degrees
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which contains a questionnaire filled out by an observer who witnessed an unidentified flying object.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eye-glasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common-place object or scene which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains a diagram and instructions for a sketch.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "G" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with questions and blank spaces for the witness to fill out their responses.

Text output from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
I have seen these types of objects many times. On this particular occasion it was observed at approximately 5:30 pm on Nov. 8, 1965, in the Indianapolis area.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
SEX: Male

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: 11  Month: Nov.  Year: 1965 - I reported this sighting to the United States Air Force.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book report or questionnaire, with handwritten text in response to question 35.

The text in the image reads:
"34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 Nov 1965
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
The saucer-like object was white, and the object moved without any apparent sound or movement."

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The text in the document is as follows:

"PID (TEIM)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
6 January 1966

Mrs.
Indianapolis, Indiana, 46227

Dear Mr. and Mrs. ___:

A review of our November 1965 sightings indicates that your observation of 19 November is 'apparently without pollution.' In order that a more complete analysis can be made of the sighting, it is requested that you complete the attached PID Form 16-14 and return them to our office at your convenience.

Sincerely,

FREDDIE R. QUITANIILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book"

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
305TH BOMBARDMENT WING (SAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
BUNKER HILL AIR FORCE BASE
PERU, INDIANA 46970

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DXI/TSgt Towne/3012

SUBJECT: Unidentified Foreign Objects

TO: Hq FTD (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. The attached letters were received by the Directorate of Information here and are forwarded to your office for necessary action.

PAUL E. JOBE
Capt., USAF
Director of Information

2 Atchs
Letters by [REDACTED] and [REDACTED]

"SAFETY ON AND OFF DUTY"

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

November 22, 1965

Commander
Randolph Air Force Base
Bangor Hill, Indiana

Dear Sir:

We have received by the Indiana State Police Department a report concerning the sighting of a luminous object at 8:00 p.m. on November 19, 1965, at approximately Huntington, Indiana. 

On the evening of November 19, 1965 at approximately 8:00 p.m., several people reported observing a bright object hovering in the sky. The object was described as being about the size of a basketball, and appeared to be luminous - shining with a light that seemed to be almost like a miniature sun. The object was hovering and moving back and forth slowly from white to yellow, then to red, creating a tremendous speed handling. The object was observed for quite some time and was finally lost from sight.

Objects were seen in the past, similar to such as the present description, but after a brief observation they would disappear, and this one did not.

It is our hope that this information may be of some assistance.

Very truly yours,
[Redacted]
[Redacted]

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

OCR output:

DTI
Commander, Air Force  
Center, Hill, Indiana.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, specifically a questionnaire used for research purposes. The document contains various fields to be filled out, such as when the object was observed, the time of day, location, duration of sighting, and details about the condition of the sky.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena (UFOs) that you have observed. Information obtained from these questionnaires will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 17 MAY 65
2. Time of day: 7:45 - 8:00 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address: Redacted, City, Indiana, County: Redacted
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 Minutes Seconds.
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes 
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy d. Bright e. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. To front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FID OCT 22 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 31, which is obsolete.

- page 14 -

This page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form used to collect information about a reported UFO sighting.

OCR output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Few, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. As a light
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Likeaircraft
c. Hard bright arc
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?         YES   NO   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away?        YES   NO   Don't know
c. Make any sound?                           YES   NO   Don't know
d. Give off smoke?                           YES   NO   Don't know
e. Change brightness?                        YES   NO   Don't know
f. Change shape?                             YES   NO   Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?  (Pulsated)              YES   NO   Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?                   YES   NO   Don't know

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, very gradually.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: -

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: -

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - A very definite sound, very sharp, very audible.
b. Color - Metalic looking, deep red color, changed to white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object it covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About the size of a match at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture showing the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch all the details of the object (such as wings, projections, etc., and especially a trail or vapor trails).
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch is included, depicting an elliptical object with a trail.]

As near as I can determine, because somewhat confusing. 

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _______________________
e. At sea 
f. Other ____________________________________________

23. Were you
(Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________________________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____40___ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes No
b. Sun glasses    Yes No
c. Windshield      Yes No
d. Window glass   Yes No

e. Binoculars      Yes No
f. Telescope      Yes No 
g. Theodolite     Yes No
h. Other _______

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The object seemed oval in shape and silvery in color. It appeared to be rotating or spinning as it moved through the sky at a fairly rapid speed. There was no visible trail or exhaust coming from the object and it made no sound that I could hear. It seemed to be at a fairly high altitude, probably around 5,000 feet or more, and was moving in a generally southwesterly direction. The sighting only lasted for about 30 seconds to a minute before the object disappeared from view.

- page 17 -

