The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is titled "COMPLAINT AND INVESTIGATION REPORT" and appears to be a standard form used to record information about a reported UFO sighting.

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 15 JULY 65 1920/30Z
2. LOCATION: Miamisburg, Dayton, Ohio
3. SOURCE: (b)(6)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 - 15 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
7. COURSE: (b)(6) to SE
8. PHOTOS: NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE
10. CONCLUSION: DESCRIBED (ECHO I) AS BEING OF UNUSUAL ORANGE COLOR, HOVERING AS OF VERY LOW ALTITUDE, ESTIMATED AS 25 DEGREE ELEVATION, & 1/4 MILE DISTANCE. CONCLUDED AS BEING ECHO I.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: No unusual lights were noted. People reported the sound behind the object. The object was described as a white light having a noticeable size, moving at a relatively low speed in a straight path from WSW to SE. The object was in view for approximately 10 to 15 minutes and concluded as being echo I.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire or form filled out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
/5 Ya tyt l seen oc scry, uner nug apcaring teu at night wy m e/;

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 24 SEX [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
(J 'I '1' m ow a Deectr of Eug'neei trig

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[REDACTED]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form for information and observations.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book report document, specifically the "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This information has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the unidentified flying object that you have observed. Please answer the questions to the best of your ability. Your name will not be used in connection with any information.

The form contains various sections for the witness to provide details about the observed object, such as the date, time, location, size, shape, color, and movement of the object. It also includes questions about the lighting conditions and the observer's location at the time of the sighting.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing various questions and answer options related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

PAGEBREAK AT SANTA BARBARA
8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING ITS STATE AND ASPECT?
6.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. Same, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright enough to, b. Dull (obscured), c. No occultation - pitch dark, d. Don't remember
9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Some clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Don't remember
11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. About the same, c. Dimmer, d. Don't know
11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: Fradogit at south of Plattsburg
12. THE SHAPE OF THE OBJECT WAS: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply outlined, c. Other
13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

TEXT FOUND IN THE DOCUMENT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)  Yes   No   Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)  Yes   No   Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: VERY BRIGHT, VERY FAST
b. Color: LIGHT WHITE OR YELLOWISH

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
LARGE, VERY BRIGHT

19. During a night sighting, estimate the size of the object in relation to the known or inferred size or stars or planets that you saw compared with the object. It is very important that you tell us this in order that we may judge the actual size of the object. Also, please make a sketch to show the direction the object was moving.
LARGE, BRIGHT, FAST MOVING OBJECT, SEEMED TO BE AS LARGE AS FULL MOON TO OBSERVER.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to an observed UFO.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car 
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. Southeast e. Southwest f. West g. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

The image contains a diagram and related instructions. The diagram appears to show a compass or navigation device, with a circular arrangement of directional headings. The instructions provide guidance on how to use the diagram to describe the movement or trajectory of an observed object in the sky.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how 
high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to 
show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass 
when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object. 

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 8 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, potentially from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  
YES         NO 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES         NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

[text redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [text redacted]
ADDRESS: [text redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [text redacted]
SEX: [text redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

Day: _________  Month: _________  Year: _________

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a blank page with some faint markings or scribbles near the top, but there is no clear photograph present.

Transcription of the text found in the document:

None

- page 10 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a blank page.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
1965-07-7435852-Miamisburg-Dayton-Ohio.pdf11.txt

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

The text in the document is as follows:

Miamisburg
This morning a see something out of a window. It was moving and it speed about 1000 miles an hour. It remained in sight for a few seconds. I could not get a picture of it as a flash came on.

This second part is scratched out and barely legible, but it appears to say:
"Very seldom anything is seen."

Apparent to move them all up as rapid to appear as a light.
Appeared to plove them and so rapid then been to point back.
It several times circled little up and around then came on brightly.
At 4:50 insignificant then came again when it passed from.
About time went very some bye.

- page 12 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any attempts we make to identify the object. We request that you do not discuss the case with anyone except military or Intelligence personnel, or publications without your permission.

1. What did you see? the object -

2. Time of day:   Hour  -  A.M.  or  P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): c. Eastern  d. Mountain
  s. Central   e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
   Postal Address -  City or Town -  State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)  Minutes -  Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. Bright   b. Hazy   c. To Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your right 
   b. Behind you      e. To your left
   c. Over your shoulder f. Overhead

OUTPUT TEXT:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any attempts we make to identify the object. We request that you do not discuss the case with anyone except military or Intelligence personnel, or publications without your permission.

1. What did you see? the object - 

2. Time of day:   Hour  -  A.M.  or  P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): c. Eastern  d. Mountain
  s. Central   e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
   Postal Address -  City or Town -  State or Country  

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)  Minutes -  Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. Bright   b. Hazy   c. To Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your right 
   b. Behind you      e. To your left
   c. Over your shoulder f. Overhead

- page 13 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, containing a questionnaire about observations of the night sky and objects seen.

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
3.1 STARS (Circle One): a. A lot, b. A few, c. Nonor only a hazy sky, d. Don't remember
3.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright, b. Dull or obscured, c. Dull or very light, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Some(or) clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Stormy, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Fuzzy, c. Transparent, d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer

12. The edge of the object was: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question): a. Appear to stand still or very slow, Yes/No, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away or any time, Yes/No, c. Break up into parts or explode, Yes/No, d. Change brightness, Yes/No, e. Change shape, Yes/No, f. Flash or flicker, Yes/No, g. Disappear and reappear, Yes/No

- page 14 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with various questions and input fields for the witness to fill out.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It began to disappear. As the closer approach the light began to dim and the object became smaller until it disappeared completely.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: bright white light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and tell how much of the object was covered by the match head.
About 1/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the objects that you saw such as wings, propulsions, etc., and especially show the trail or vapor trails.
Please send this drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form with various questions and answer options related to the observer's sighting of a UFO.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think the object was far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside 
d. In an aircraft (type)
e. In a boat
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In some country-side? 
d. Near an airfield? 
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a number of the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 16 -

The image contains a diagram with a compass-like object and an illustration showing the elevation of an observed object relative to the horizon. There is no photograph present in this document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the arrival line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

Assistant OCR Output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the arrival line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 17 -

