The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document under Project Blue Book, specifically a record with the date 7-29 Sep 65 / 2390 Z and the location Tonawanda, New York.

TEXT OUTPUT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 7-29 Sep 65 / 2390 Z
2. LOCATION: Tonawanda, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: SE
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEORS)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object was a very brilliant white light moving very fast. Object appeared to be longer than it was wide. It was seen for about 20 seconds but the observer was distracted and probably overestimated the duration.
1 Witness

- page 1 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document that describes an encounter with an unidentified flying object (UFO).

The text in the document is as follows:

Direction in which saucer facing - North, moving slightly to my left. Weather details and sky conditions - About 3.5 hours after sunset.

Between 8 and 8:30 pm, not earlier - neither Drawn apparent shape of saucer outline, about 35 ft in diameter, though it seemed much less than this to the naked eye.

Altitude of saucer perhaps 325-350 ft from Motion of saucer - moving quite fast, could have went across the whole town in 20 seconds. Heading upward, without any lights showing.

On takeoff - Went straight up, partially transparent. Observations confirmed by only one other witness. Did hover a few minutes, stationary, and then went straight up and out of sight in a moment.

How did saucer behave when observed different at different distance - At first it did not seem very large, and it had no discernible details.

Does direction of saucer movement coincide with that of wind - No, it was heading different direction.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a typed letter from Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF, Chief, Project Blue Book, to an individual with the address Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.

april 8, 1965

Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
PID (LDBY)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

Recently I became aware of your request for UFO information. Please be advised I was unaware that my son had written to the Air Force, and do not believe he is the questionable here. A copy of the questionnaire which he had in his possession.

Very sincerely yours,

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from an official at the US Air Force regarding an unidentified observation reported by an individual in Tonawanda, New York. The letter requests the individual to complete an attached UFO reporting form and thanks them for reporting the observation.

Here is the text from the document:

HQTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AEB, Ohio 45433
17 February 1966

Mr. xxxxxxxx
Tonawanda, New York
Dear Mr. xxxxxxxx:

Reference your unidentified observation of September _. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 113 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
JAMES D. WALTER, Major, USAE
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire that has been filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as accurately as you can. The information that you provide will be used in connection with any analyses, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 19 September 1965
2. Time of day: ABOUT 6:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern  2. Central  3. Mountain  4. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Tonawanda, NEW YORK
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By head
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Bright, NIGHT: Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you  b. Behind you  c. To your right  d. To your left e. Overhead  f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image appears to show a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image, only a form with various questions and multiple-choice options for the witness to fill out.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. A few
b. Many
c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight  
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes No Don't know
c. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with questions about the observed object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It was fairly far away and I looked to see what time it was when I noticed it was gone.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - None at all, b. Color - White, brilliant.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate in what direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

OCR Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It was fairly far away and I looked to see what time it was when I noticed it was gone. 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - None at all, b. Color - White, brilliant.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate in what direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it does contain text that appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO report. I will now proceed to perform Optical Character Recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and output it as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No) Over a couple miles, though 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. East b. Northeast c. North d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? (Circle One) Miles per hour 
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) (No)
b. Sun glasses (Yes) (No)
c. Windshield (Yes) (No)
d. Window glass (Yes) (No)
e. Binoculars (Yes) (No)
f. Telescope (Yes) (No) 
g. Theodolite (Yes) (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A watch without a hand could resemble it.

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch and a compass diagram.

The text in the document reads as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass to show where you last saw the object.

26. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. Heading upward at a 45 degree angle

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. I will now proceed to transcribe the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes  No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes  No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - [REDACTED]
ADDRESS - [REDACTED], 16130 - New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER - [REDACTED] 
AGE - 12
SEX - M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Family of four, my mother, father, and brother, and myself. My brother is 16.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Only to my mother & father shortly after I observed it.
Day - [REDACTED]
Month - [REDACTED]
Year - [REDACTED]

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a page with a handwritten text. As per the OCR request, the text from the document is:

March 21 March 1966
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

At a far off strange it seemed to be that big
It seemed to be slightly stretched but at the object the shape of the object was about twice as large as the length.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document that appears to be from Project Blue Book.

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Field
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Gentlemen,

I've seen a flying object more definite than anything I've seen before. It was hovering about 20 minutes, complaining across the sky over 20 miles and then disappeared. It came slowly about 7 miles long and you could see the outline very clearly at a height of 25 degree angle.

Nathan
To see - about September 10-20, 1965
Same as above - cigar-shaped coming to a point at each end

- page 12 -

