The image does not contain a photograph. It shows a page from a Project Blue Book record form, which includes details about a reported UFO sighting. The form contains the following text:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 Jun 65 04/0455
2. LOCATION: Bedford, Ohio 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4.5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Slowly upward
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes  
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (STAR/PLANET)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object was a shiny white light about as bright as the sun. It appeared to be moving and then disappeared behind a cloud. The apparent motion was probably due to the motion of the clouds.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a handwritten document related to a UFO sighting.

Dear Major Hoisington

I am enclosing a report on the sighting of what may have been a metallic or metallic-looking object. It was observed on 8 June 1965 at approximately 8:50 P.M. from the backyard of my residence at 29 Maple Street, Bedford, Ohio.

The object appeared to be hovering at an estimated altitude of 500 to 600 feet above the ground. It was visible for about 5 to 7 minutes and then suddenly disappeared. During the time it was observed, the object appeared to be rotating or moving back and forth. It emitted no sound and gave off no visible exhaust or flame. I was able to observe the object without the use of binoculars or other optical aids. The weather was clear at the time.

I am curious to know if this sighting was reported by any other observers in the area and whether your office has received any other reports of similar objects being seen in this vicinity. I would appreciate any information you can provide.

Sincerely,
[Name Redacted]

P.S. Under no circumstances do I wish my name to appear in any public release of this information. I trust this will be held in strict confidence.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information form that was filled out to record details about a reported UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer the many questions as completely as you possibly can. The information that you give will be treated in confidence. No conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3 JUNE 65
2. Time of day: 11:00 95 MINUTES
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? WEGMAN'S SUPERMARKET
Nearest Postal Address: BEDFORD, OHIO State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 85 MINUTES
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? ESTIMATED 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: (1) Clear
b. NIGHT: (1) Clear

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your right
c. To your left
d. Behind you
e. Don't remember

FTO FORM 309-164    This form supersedes FTO 144, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document containing text and multiple-choice questions related to an observed object.

8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight 
b. Dull moonlight
c. Crescent, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. CLOUD (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Scattered
c. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry, calm, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain 
c. Snow
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same 
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
_______________________________

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change size? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about an observed object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? First saw it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. If you answered YES, then tell what: Looked like a disc or saucer.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Brilliant light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? All

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please, on arrow indicate the direction the object was moving.

The document appears to be a standardized form used to collect information about a UFO sighting, with various questions and prompts for the witness to provide details about the observed object.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answers.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 116,575

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 500 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North      c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
Yes     No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes    (No)
b. Sun glasses   Yes    (No) 
c. Windshield   Yes    (No)
d. Window glass  Yes    No
e. Binoculars    Yes    (No)
f. Telescope    Yes    (No)
g. Camera      Yes    (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with various diagrams and questions related to UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky-time) when you first saw it. Place an "S" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky-line) where you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 7
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly a UFO report form from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

NAME 
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 8 -

