There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document containing text information related to a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 JULY 65 - 1730Z
2. LOCATION: DUDLEY, MASSACHUSETTS
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
9. CONCLUSION: POSSIBLE ASTRO (ACFTUG) AND POSSIBLE VARIABLE LIGHT OBSERVATION. POSS1BLE AIRCRAFT (ACFTUG) AND POSSIBLE MANEUVERT'NG LIGHT OBSERVATION FOR EVALUATION PURPOSES.
11. CASE SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 
Objects silver-yellow color about size of a pencil at arm's length. Station: WMF 2D Deg. Elevation. Feasible ASTLRUS which is in the position reported. Disappearance and re-appearance is consistent with the h to the area. There is insufficient data to justify any conclusion as valid.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: (Y) XX No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

AREA CODE 617
*5313

HEADQUARTERS
5313TH AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL WING (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OTIS AIR FORCE BASE, MASSACHUSETTS, 02542

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

351 CDC

21 JUL 1965

SUBJECT: UPO Report

TO: AC, (DC), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. This letter is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2, paragraph 7, and contains the following information:

2. On 20 July 1965, Ohio Civil Air Patrol was notified by a private citizen in Dudley, Massachusetts, that an unidentified object had been sighted. This object was described as a star-shaped disk-like object which was stationary for 15 minutes, then took off out of sight.

3. The credibility of the information and the reliability of the source are considered excellent. I am not forwarding any photographs under separate cover, as none were taken.

WILLIAM MOYER
Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing text only.

STD (PHOTO)
1 ST, PHOTO-TERRACE AVE., OHIO 45133
17 December 1965
Dear

Reference your unidentified observation of 14 July 65. The information which you provided was not substantiated by the returned report and photograph. As no film was received, we are unable to process it further and return it in the envelope provided.

Mr. Quill wishes to thank you for reporting your observation to the Project. 

Sincerely,

MAJOR GORDON GARRINGTON, JR., Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 3 -

The image contains a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire, but it does not contain any photographs. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified visual phenomena that you have observed, please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be treated in strict confidence and will not be revealed to any unauthorized persons, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?

7-6-65
Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 10:01 P.M.
Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Dudley, Mass.
City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15-20 Seconds 
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was the object first determined? Suddenly appeared from behind clouds

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ____ No X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day b. Bright c. Clear

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out with details about a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. Less
c. About the same
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11-1. Compare brightness to some common object: [Handwritten answer] Welding light bright circle

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and then slow down or disappear? Yes No Don't know
c. Leave a trail behind it? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off sparks or explode? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text and a hand-drawn sketch.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

It seemed to turn straight up slowly, and then disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind. 

A white halo seemed to be around the object. It moved behind a halo.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

Yes, it moved in front of a white halo.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape chulling-or-balloon
b. Color whitish - silver

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

About 1/3 of the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is provided showing an approximately circular or elliptical object with a vapor trail behind it, and an arrow indicating the direction of movement.]

OCR Text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It seemed to turn straight up slowly, and then disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind. A white halo seemed to be around the object. It moved behind a halo.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of. Yes, it moved in front of a white halo.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape chulling-or-balloon
b. Color whitish - silver

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About 1/3 of the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Output of the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? approximately 1000 to 2000 miles an hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? approximately 2 or 3 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Out-of-doors
d. If in an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. (Telescope) Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Circular or elongated bright light, much brighter than any star, seemed to hover and move slowly about in the sky.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document that contains a sketch and instructions for observing and reporting on unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

Project Blue Book
12927 W. PICO BLVD.
LOS ANGELES 64. CALIFORNIA
FORM NO 14
CASE NO. 1965-7434832
CITY Dudley STATE  Massachusetts
DATE July 7, 1965
32. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and locations.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    (Yes)    No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? Yes  (No)
31.2 Please list their names and addres

33. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME _________________________________
ADDRESS  Dudley, Mass. 
TELEPHONE NUMBER _____________________
AGE  54    SEX  Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I didn't hear or see no more. When I looked it seemed to be quite a distance and was gaining speed and altitude as it rapidly disappeared from view.

34. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
About 30 minutes after I observed it.

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text on the page appears to be a handwritten response to a questionnaire, with the respondent providing information about a UFO sighting.

OCR Output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   22     day    Month     Year 

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire as a narrative explanation of your sighting:

My wife and I were sitting outside waiting for a thunderstorm to pass. It was about 8:45 PM and we both noticed a bright light moving in the sky from the East to the West. It was a light like we had never seen before, and it seemed to be of a pulsating or oscillating nature, that is, it would vary in intensity from time to time. The light appeared to be traveling at a very high rate of speed and was at an elevation of about 45 to 55 degrees above the horizon. We watched this light for approximately 2 to 3 minutes as it crossed the sky and then disappeared. It did not seem to be an aircraft, nor did it have the characteristics of a meteor. The light was of a yellowish-white color and was much brighter than any star or planet. If this was an aircraft, it was traveling at a very high rate of speed and the illumination was of a type we have never observed before on any aircraft. We are at a loss to explain what we actually saw that night, but we are both convinced that it was not an ordinary aircraft or astronomical phenomenon.

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a typed report of a telephone conversation regarding sightings in Dudley, Massachusetts on January 14, 1966. The report discusses the reliability of a witness, a youth aged 17, and the potential for further details about the sightings. However, it does not mention any specific photographic evidence.

As requested, here is the text from the document:

Report of telephone conversation on January 14, 1966, with [REDACTED], Dudley, Massachusetts. CALL was made to attempt to give reliability of witness, a youth at 17, and to obtain further details of sightings if possible. From the phone conversation it appeared possible that the object sighted is the light may have been illusionary. If so, sightings can be ascribed to the star Regulus. Case, however, bears some resemblance to the Western Massachusetts case of January 14, 1955, in which case, however, the observers were in order of magnitude greater reliability. Unfortunately, there was no way of establishing illusory nature of motion as referenced in Western sightings.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

JUL 6 1965

UFO SIGHTING, 17 JUL 65, DUDLEY, MASSACHUSETTS

3507th AIRBORNE EARLY WARNING AND CONTROL WING (ADC)
OTIS AFB, MASSACHUSETTS

Reference your letter, 551OTC, 31 Jul 65 and UFO Report.
Incident was routine and complies with paragraph 14 and 15 of
AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

C.J. ROCKWISER
Colonel, USAF
DEPUTY FOR TECHNOLOGY
and SUBSYSTEMS

ORIGINATOR: AFCIN-4F3/USAF MCFHILLER 22 JULY 65

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

UFO SIGHTING, 17 JUL 65, DUDLEY, MASSACHUSETTS
35TH AIRBORNE EARLY WARNING AND CONTROL WING (ADC)
OTIS AFB, MASSACHUSETTS
In order to complete evaluation of unidentified flying object reports, basic information is required on all sight-ings. To this end, the Air Force has designed a standard reporting letter of 21 July 1965 requesting information on nine poit.s. This information is not contained in the original report and will not be contained in this transmittal letter. On 25 August 1965, our office forwarded a letter to me point in aCcordance with AFR 80-17. In the event the office receiving this transmittal letter is unable to provide the requested information, please so advise me in accordance with AFR 80-17. In this event, this transmittal letter is 13 oz AFR 80-17.
FOR THIS COMMANDER:
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR: TEEWINLUP 24 AUGUST 1965 WINCHENANILLA, Va

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

HEADQUARTERS
3351ST AIRBORNE EARLY WARNING AND CONTROL WING (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
GTE AIR FORCE BASE, MASSACHUSETTS, 02542

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 5510IN

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 17 Jul 65, Dudley, Massachusetts

TO: E'TD (TDEW) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference your letter, 'TDEW, 27 August 65, subject as above.

2. The following UFO information is submitted in accordance with the format contained in paragraph 14, AFR 200-2:

a. Description of the object.
(1) Oval-cigar shaped.
(2) Approximately the size of a pencil.
(3) Silver-yellow.
(4) One.
(5) N/A.
(6), (7), (8) (9), None.

b. Description of course.
(1) Object was seen airborne over trees while the observers were standing in front of a house.
(2) 50 degree elevation, west-north-westerly direction.
(3) Same as paragraph b(2).
(4) Object moved left, then right, then centered and remained stationary for approximately 15 minutes.
(5) Instantaneously straight up.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing text describing an observation.

(6) 15 to 20 minutes.
c. Manner of observation.
(1) Ground visual.
(2) A telescope was used but the observers were unable to sight the object in the eyepiece because tree branches blocked the view.
(3) N/A.
d. Time and date of sighting.
(1) 17 July 1955, 0210 Zulu.
(2) Night.
e. Dudley, Massachusetts, 2 miles west of Webster Lake.
f. Identity of observers.
(1) [Redacted], 17 years old, [Redacted], boy.
Mess.: Stockboy, reliability cannot be judged.
[Redacted], 16 years old, [Redacted]: "Stockboy: reliability cannot be judged."
g. The nearest AWS from which the following data was collected is indicated in parenthesis.
(1) Weather was clear (observer's report).
(2) Wind direction and speed: SSW at 7 MPH (Worcester).
(3) 700 feet (Worcester, Mass.)
(4) 2 miles with intermittent haze (Worcester, Mass.).
(5) 10/10 (Worcester, Mass.)
(6) Intermittent thunderstorms (Southbridge, Mass).
(7) Temperature at surface: 65°F (Worcester, Mass.)

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report.

OCR Text Output:
b. None known.
c. None.
j. None known.
k. Wing Intelligence Officer. Cause of sighting is unknown.
1. None.
3. During the telephone interview with Mr the
reporting officer noticed that the observer sounded quite sincere
and truthful when questioned about his UFO sighting. The reporting
officer believed that the observer was striving for an answer and
willing to accept whatever hypothesis were tested but there was no
lead to the possible cause of identity of the object.

CHARLES B. GARLICK/ Lt Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a letter from DOCTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., MAJOR, USAF to an observer regarding their unidentified observation on 17 July 1965. The letter requests the observer to complete the attached UFO Form 164 and return it to the Air Force.

PIED (TEW)
SELGIN-PATTERSON AFB, Onto 45433 
17 December 1965

Mrs. sally, Massachusetts

Dear Mrs. sally,

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 July 65. The information which was submitted was not sufficient for POSITIVE identification. Request you complete the attached UFO Form 164 and return it to the services provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely, 

DOCTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., MAJOR, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 17 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on official stationery.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
17 December 1965

Dudley, Massachusetts

Reference: your unofficial observation of 17 July 55. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation.

I wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force. 

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 18 -

