The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 Qotober 65 11/0700Z
2. LOCATION
Chicago, Illinois
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
No Data Reported
8. PHOTOS
None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

The conclusion states that "No data presented to indicate object could NOT have been an A/C", suggesting that the observed object was likely a conventional aircraft rather than a UFO.

- page 1 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be a photograph present. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, with a series of questions and answers.

Transcribing the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF your answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following question:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you see the object any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Circle One for each item below)
a. Binocular Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No

26. Did you hear any sound coming from the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw?
WRITE OUT A DETAILED DESCRIPTION IN YOUR OWN WORDS

- page 2 -

The image contains a handwritten diagram with a compass rose and various angles, as well as a handwritten note that says "BUT IT COULD NOT BE SHARED".

OCR Text output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Then draw a line from the "A" point to the "B" point to indicate the motion of the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

BUT IT COULD NOT BE SHARED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely from 1965-10-8694539 in Chicago, Illinois.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Curt and my daughter, went to what we thought was a star watching place, Between 9:30 and 12 mid-night.

33. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] CHICAGO, ILL 60647
TELEPHONE NUMBER: NONE 
AGE: 37 SEX: FEMALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

I have seen stars on my stairs before but never anything like this before and we thought it a most unusual thing when it just faded down as if going out or below. Between 9:30 & 12 midnight.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a UFO report. 

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

Date you completed this questionnaire: 10-27-65
Day: 27
Month: 10
Year: 65

Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I have mentioned in my earlier statement the number of points that I can recall, and I do not wish to repeat them. However, there are a few points and comments that I would like to make. The object that I saw was large in size, approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter, and was hovering about 50 feet above the ground. It was emitting a bright light that was illuminating the ground and trees below. The light was not concentrated in a beam, but rather a diffuse light that spread out over a large area. I am quite certain that this was not an airplane, helicopter, or any other conventional aircraft. I watched the object for several minutes as it hovered silently, then suddenly it accelerated and disappeared from sight in a matter of seconds. I realize that my report may seem unbelievable to some, but I can assure you that I am telling the truth to the best of my recollection. I hope that this additional information is helpful in your investigation.

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
31 October 65 01/0650Z
2. LOCATION
Chicago, Illinois (1)
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4.5 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-visual (82)
7. COURSE
NW
8. PHOTOS
[] Yes
XX No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[] Yes
XX No
FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TOE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
928TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, 2 NOV 1955

SUBJECT: U.F.O.

A. Description of the object:
1. Would you please describe the object's shape: Round

2. Size: 3,123 as compared to a known object field in the area at about 3,000 yards (such as a B-29 dime size in the sky)

3. Color: Yellowish

4. Number: One (1)

5. Formation, if more than one: None

6. Any discernible features or details: None

7. Was there a trail, trail or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object: None

8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound: None

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: You may describe additional details.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing detailed questions and answers about the observed object.

B.- Description of course of object.
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object. Looked in the direction of a constellation and seriois object meeting. Did not notice it there before.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed. South South West 45 degrees angle above horizon.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance. Went straight up and disappeared.
4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object. Erratic.
5. How did the object disappear? (Fade away or instant disappearance) Disappeared over time.
6. How long was the object visible? (Be specific, 5 min. one hour) 15 seconds
C. Manner of observation.
1. How was object sighted, ground-visual, air visual, ground electronic, air electronic? (If electronic, specify type of radar) Ground Visual
2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescope, binoculars) Binoculars
3. Was this an airborne sighting? If so: A. Type A/C B. Idest No C. Altitude D. Ground speed E. Speed F. Home Station G. Telephone No

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

D. Time and date of sighting: 1 Nov, 1955
E. Location of Observer: ADC Manor Chicago, Ill.
57 degrees 35 min. WSW, 14 degrees 1/2 min. North
F. Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Civilian Name: [redacted]
2. Age 20
3. Mailing Address: [redacted]
4. Occupation: Student
5. Reliability: Reliable
6. Military: n/a
1. Name: 
2. Grade:
3. Organization: 
4. Clearance:
5. Reliability:
6. Telephone No.:
G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: Clear
2. Winds (from Weather Bureau):
Surface: 6,000 290 10
Aloft: 6,000 290 " 20
10,000 300 " 15
16,000 320 " 15
20,000 3203 " 25
30,000 320 " 43
50,000 350 " 65
80,000 XXXXX " XXXX
3. Ceiling: Glass visibility unobstructed
4. Visibility conditions: Good
5. Clouds: None
6. Thunderstorms in area and duration in which located: None
7. Vertical Temp Gradient: Not available

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting? None

1. Did you take any photographs? None
Do you know of any existence of physical evidence of materials? None

INITIALS JFH

I feel more than likely this party sighted an aircraft at a great distance. It was not possible to make out what he was looking at the time. It was hard to get an understanding.
Serienty M. Hegel, 
Aircraft Dispatcher

9237TH TPR CARR OP
9 HANGAR MAIL APO 
CHICAGO, ILL. 60656
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

ALSO (1:40)
Wright-Patterson AFB 
Ohio 45433

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TESTR /Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/ms/14 Sep 66
UFO Sighting, Churchville, New York, 15 October 1965

HQ USAF (SAPIOCC)
SEP 19 1966
Reference the attached unidentified flying object report from Miss  
The following is an unclassified report:

a. Dear Miss

Reference your letter of 23 August 1966 concerning the observation  
of an unidentified flying object. We have analyzed the information  
contained in your report, and they are unable to reach a conclusive  
identification by the data of your sighting.  

Sightings such as yours are extremely difficult to trace since  
there is such a time lapse involved. Even reports several months old  
are sometimes difficult to analyze.

I regret the unfortunate circumstances that your report, denying such  
a delay in reporting your observation. Your report will be kept on file  
to aid our analysts in their future investigations.

If you place a collect telephone call to the Air Force's Project Blue Book,  
in case you do remember any additional information.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.  
For your information we are enclosing the brochure on Project Blue Book.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WARREN E. NETHERLY, CAPT, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:
TETR /MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR  
SPDEH: /signed/  DATE: 9-22-66

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form containing fields to be filled out.

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
22ND TROOP CARRIER GROUP MEDUJM (RCSRVE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE INSTITJTIONAL REPORT
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 80602.

SUBJECT: U.P.O.

A. Description of the object:
1. Could not please describe the object's sharp - Very large star shining steady.

2. Size as compared to a known object held at arm's length: About 2 times the size of a very bright star.

3. Color: White with red trail.
4. Number: One.
5. Formation, if more than one: N/A

6. Any discernible features or details: Star shape with pulsating trail. Round and moving.

7. Was there a tail, trail or exhaust, including the size of same compared to the object:
Yes, a long red trail as compared to the size of the object.

8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound: Slight roar.

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: Very bright and unusual looking. Not the normal type of star, did not twinkle or disappear off.

- page 12 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph or image present in this document. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report from someone named "Colonel" to a recipient with the title "Department USAF". The text describes some unidentified flying object (UFO) related observations and information.

Here is the full text transcription from the document:

"Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D.C.
Dept. of the Air Force
Attn: Capt. Gregory

Confidential Informal Report Completed
Farm FTD Ack. to: 1 of 16 Aug. 64, as exhibit 1, 2, 3.

Ring other information, phone 
for pick up to desk same.
I am very interested in 
this subject and where and
to what it tends to lead. I missed apparently a
copy to read. I request duplicate a
copy.

Col Colon memo to ATIC Rome, NY.
I want Capt review memo which due to lack
ability to compare quickly confirm 5 mile
coverage. Some of it that Officer is not to be 
involved with project."

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Nice comparison

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or hazy
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Brake up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash on and off? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire related to a UFO sighting incident.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?  16 Oct 1965
2. Time of day: 1:15 Hour Minutes (Circle One):  A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Churchville, DuPage, Illinois  
Nearest Postal Address City or (Town) State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1:30 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 Certain b. Fairly Certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No 
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright x a. Bright (Clear night)
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember (Impossible)

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 16 Oct 1965
2. Time of day: 1:15 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific  
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Churchville, DuPage, Illinois
Nearest Postal Address City or (Town) State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1:30 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 Certain b. Fairly Certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright x a. Bright (Clear night) 
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember (Impossible)

- page 15 -

I do not see any photograph present in the image you have provided. This appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, that contains text and form-style questions.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 1/4 to 1/2 mile away

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea 
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 25 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses No
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass Yes 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same general appearance as the object which you saw.

It was saucer-shaped, like a silver dollar, with a light on the bottom, moving rapidly, with a glowing, flashing light on the bottom that seemed to pulsate or flicker.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text and textual responses to various questions about an observed object.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared suddenly and rapidly for 20 seconds.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):  Yes     (NO)     Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes     (NO)     Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Whoosing noise
b. Color Brilliant white illumination pulsating at times

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how many times the length of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had continued this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Only the length of the brightest part could be covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trail or vapor trails.
(See attached sketch)

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire.

Text extracted from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
I did see a similar object hovering over the southport region on October 9, 1964.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 62 SEX: -
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I served in the USAAF during WWII as a B-17 pilot from 1943-1945. I have been an avid aircraft enthusiast all my life and feel I am quite capable of identifying various aircraft and aerial phenomena. The object I observed on October 9, 1964 was unlike any conventional aircraft I have ever seen. It hovered silently for several minutes before rapidly accelerating and disappearing from sight. I immediately reported the incident to the local authorities.

33. What and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
I reported the sighting to the Chicago office of the USAF on October 10, 1964.

- page 18 -

The image contains a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book document. It does not contain any photograph, but rather a sketch showing the motion of an object or objects, as well as a compass diagram.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object or objects appeared to rise above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass to show the direction (azimuth) when you first saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction (azimuth) from where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

27. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Certainly more  
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

See many of them

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text.

Transcription of the text:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: October 25, 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Case became this; Approximately a month ago, we observed 3 lights around the full moon. These 3 lights were in a triangular formation, and seemed to be attached or a part of the moon. They blinked on and off, and then flew away in different directions. This occurred for about 10 to 15 minutes.

(See Exhibit) 
1, 2, 3

attached

P.S. This means The planes, We Baceleone type, were not a figment of our imagination, but actually observed.

- page 20 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document page from Project Blue Book, containing various notes, sketches, and annotations.

Extracted text from the document:

Saw that when turning
I thought I saw a fog
Vehicle on mountain.
Looked to assist and
found to be illuminating
and gradually stopping
Exhibit 2-complete and
detail of first approach
and later very brightness
must have scared me.

- page 21 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten description of an observation of bright lights in the sky. The description includes details about the movement and behavior of the lights, describing them as "Seeing as how this object can gyrate Up and Down, back and forth, sideways - in a split second, it was fascinating - lights on and sudden No lights: and yet it could be plainly seen, Grayish form in the sky - about 500 ft above me - seeming to follow the Buffalo Red - about 6 car lengths ahead of me - all the way into Rochester - when I turned left onto Mt. Read Blvd. it did likewise - it turned right on Jay St. so did I, it followed me until I reached my home on Immel St when again, the lights on either one appeared."

The text provided as output:

Dated: October 6, 1965
Saturday
In Space
Time: 11:10 p.m.
Sightings:
Very bright
Lights
White
Light
Seeing as how this object can gyrate Up and Down, back and forth, sideways - in a split second, it was fascinating - lights on and sudden No lights: and yet it could be plainly seen, Grayish form in the sky - about 500 ft above me - seeming to follow the Buffalo Red - about 6 car lengths ahead of me - all the way into Rochester - when I turned left onto Mt. Read Blvd. it did likewise - it turned right on Jay St. so did I, it followed me until I reached my home on Immel St when again, the lights on either one appeared.

N.B. U.S. Air Force Technical Information

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a report form with various fields to be filled in.

Transcribed text from the document:

3. Description of source of object:
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object?
Got to be put window, down

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: 
200 *

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance: 
Straight to the east.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object:
Could not describe path.

5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or instant disappearance)?
Moved away to far away fast.

6. How long was the object visible? (Be specific: 5 min., one hour?) 
5 min.

7. Manner of observation, (Naked-eye, through telescopes, binoculars, ground-visual, air-visual, ground-visual, air-visual, ground-radar, air-radar):
air-visual, through binoculars, ground-visual, air-visual

8. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, binoculars)?
No

9. Was this an airborne sighting? If so, what:
A. Type A/C
B. Time of
C. Location
D. Heading
E. Elevation
F. Speed
G. Telephone No.

- page 23 -

This image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a handwritten document or report with various diagrams, sketches, and annotations. There are no identifiable human faces in the image.

Transcribed text from the document:

"Explain 3"
"Number Feeded"
"Form"
"At approximately 12:45 a.m. CT on 8 October 1965, I was awakened by a noise outside. I looked out the window and saw a bright light which appeared to be hovering low over the neighbor's house adjacent to mine. The light slowly moved away to the southwest. It seemed to be about 30 feet long, 15 feet high, and about 10 feet wide. It was a white light, not blinking, and did not make any noise that I could hear. The light appeared to be solid and emitting its own light. It moved at a slow pace and was visible for about 3 minutes before disappearing from sight. Subsequent to this incident, I have had some weird experiences, but nothing as dramatic as this one."

- page 24 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated October 15, 1963, and is titled "FLYING SAUCER REVIEW". The page contains a report on an "Alarm in Ecuador", describing sightings of hundreds of saucers flying overhead and a large population watching a "luminous object" climbing up the volcano Recu Pichincha near Quito. The report mentions photographs, reporters, and many witnesses being present for the event.

As per the instructions, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Alarm in Ecuador

The governments of some of the smaller states are no longer ruling their fears that as invasion is imminent. Only the other day we had the scene of "Alarm, panic and commotion". (Noticias, Argentinas, Oct. 18). The towns of Quito and its environs, Ecuador, were the scene of the happening. Hundreds of saucers flying overhead, and an announcement on channel 6 of the local radio, that the population was at that moment watching a luminous object, certainly not a satellite, as it appeared to climb the volcano Recu Pichincha, east of Quito. Photographers, reporters, and many sighs netters were on the scene.

- page 25 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It contains text describing a sighting that occurred on 17 Oct 65 in Surrey, England. There is no photograph included in this image.

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 65
17 Oct 65
Surrey, England

Bexhill posse
Reader S. P. Farmer (of Row Hill, East Sussex) tells of a sighting by himself and two friends on October 17, 1965.
He and his two friends, who live near Hastings, and was looking out across houses and fields towards the town when, he says, "I first took to be a bright star setting beyond a line of trees. About half a minute later I realized that it was not a star but an object suspended about 500-600 ft in the air. 
The possibility that the object was a planet was eliminated when it remained stationary in approximately the same position, and moving erratically upwards and downwards, for about 15-20 minutes.
Someone then suggested that it could be a light moving up and down, but our reader borrowed some binoculars and observed that the object was distinct and not of aircraft or any other known form of aerial transit, being about 50-60 feet in diameter.
At 6:30 p.m. it simply went out like a light. At that time I went into the house to a fire, and when I came out a few minutes later it had gone.
Not one of us who observed the phenomenon are given to flights of fancy, but we all felt that we had seen something which we just could not explain.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the "Flying Saucer Review" dated January-February 1966, discussing a hovering object observed in Transkei, Africa on 21 October 1965. The text describes the sighting of the object by members of the public and provides details about its appearance and movement.

Text extracted from the document:

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW 
Jan-Feb 66

Hovering object in Transkei

From the Rand Daily Mail of October 22nd:
"A strange object was seen hanging in the air over Transkei this week.
The object was seen on Thursday by Mr. M. J. Comins, of Mbulane in the Middeldift district. He said he watched it for about five minutes as it hung motionless in the sky."

(Credit: Philip Handleman, Natal)

21 Oct 65
Transkei, Africa

A strange bright red and round object was
sighted over Transkei by many people. It
was seen over the Tuskies village area and
seen by the oncoming Boeing airliners. 
The object hovered for almost 15 minutes, 
then suddenly shot off at an incredible
speed and then vanished out of sight. There 
was no sound and no trail. We were all
amazed and excited. I was able to take a
look at it but it disappeared very quickly.
There was no noise, and the sighting lasted 
for about 15 minutes before it took off.

- page 27 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of text from what seems to be a Project Blue Book document.

The text output is as follows:

"Information Only Source: "Saucer News", Vol 13, #1, Mar 66 

MORE CLOSE SIGHTINGS IN NEW HAMPSHIRE: On October 22nd, at least two very good sightings were made in New Hampshire. The first by a man named Oscar - "Tall man, in his forties, with gray hair..."He wrote to the newspapers to call the second an "enormous flying object over the farmstead" Shovted - "When he saw it, the bright flying object was over the farmstead. Shaped like a football, it gave off a greenish glow through its transparent sides and seemed to be about 50 feet long. He said it was disc-shaped, and glowed red, while the rounded sides were a bright glow." 
Five minutes later, the object left, travelling at a terrific rate of speed. The other man, "a little olderman", was driving on Rockrimack St., when he saw a similar bright light moving very rapidly through the sky. He almost had a collision with his car when the mysterious object finally stopped almost directly over him. Suddenly it took off at an unbelievable rate of speed and vanished. The object is said to have three bright green lights set in a triangular pattern about 20 to 30 feet across. It also had a red light. All the lights could be clearly seen against the dark sky. From time to time the object would suddenly move away rapidly, in a southerly direction. There was no sound except a "hissing" noise like that of a steam coming out of a radiator valve. (Manchester, N.H. Union Leader, 10/23/65.)"

- page 28 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from a "Flying Saucer Review" document that contains a written report.

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66
25 Oct 65
England

The text describes an incident where two readers, Messrs. Richard Deer and D.F. Ponter, saw a "strange object" in the sky on October 25, 1965 in Guildford, England. The object was described as being silvery and silently moving slowly eastwards. The report also mentions other witnesses and provides some additional details about the sighting. There are no names or identities of any individuals mentioned in the text.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed report with text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
January-March 66

Penge mystery
Reader V. K. Stanoevic of 29 Montpelier Grove, London, S.E.20, sent us the following account: "Last night, October 27, 1965, as I was driving home, I noticed a strange object hovering silently about 200 yards away from us, standing in the car park of the Crooked Billet Garage when my friend and I first saw it. As we approached it, moving away from us to our left and up and away from us, I continued driving this way, I suddenly realised the car headlamps were swinging wildly away from the object as I was pointing them straight at it. About 10-15 seconds it started to get brighter and brighter and then it suddenly became a brilliant white. Once again it moved, this time I have no idea how high it went, but in around 5 seconds it was a mere speck and had gone completely. It did not appear again. The whole incident took about one minute, I have no idea how high it was, but on ground of where I was standing, I could see it quite clearly. P.S. I hope this will confirm some-

- page 30 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, describing various UFO sightings.

FLYING SAUCER INVESTIGATION COMMITTEE
Regular Meeting ---First Friday of each Month --- 8:30 P.M.
November 3, 1955 --- Central Y.M.C.A. on Center & Dodge Streets - Akron,O.

SIGHTINGS
Several sightings have been reported to the Committee during the month of October. Information is continuing to come in relation to the summer sightings, and the reports have continued into this fall season.

N.I.C.A.P.? investigators in the Pittsburgh,Pa. area have completed an investigation of U.F.O. sightings in that Corry,Pa.section, covering the past year. A few details on their findings will be discussed at the meeting. George could give us a picture of some of the findings.
It was also reported that several sightings of a red-orange colored object have been made by responsible observers in the Pittsburgh area. The object seems to slow down and move towards the trees over which it is observed. The trail was not visible by these observers. The sightings denies had been confirmed by independent photographers. The picture taken from an estimated one-fourth-mile distance.

Locally, a daylight sighting was made by two employees of Columbia Chemical of Barberton, Ohio (St. Rt.619), on October 8,1955. The time was 10:45 A.M. on Friday,the same day as the Corry,Pa. sighting. The day was clear and snid had observed traffic passing in the area at the time. The object hovered low over the field for several minutes before accelerating and disappearing in a westerly direction very rapidly.

A few moments later, as they crossed a part of the field, they pointed to a place considerably lower than the jet-trail and asked 'Remote what it was he seemed to notice some indication that it was the same object which had just passed. The sighting was described as oval-shaped and about 25 to 30 feet in diameter. It hovered over the field, then accelerated at an extremely high rate of speed to the north and approached until it took a secondary position at an elevation of 2 degrees and remained in that position for 12 seconds. It then charged again and became a long range object reporting from its observation to the northwest.

On August 11, 1953 at 6:50 P.M. Gary Tall reported seeing a clearly outlined round object he could not identify. It was a dull silver color. It came from the direction of the man-made moon only 3.5 degrees in elevation. It traveled at high speed for approximately 5 minutes then made a sharp turn of right angles to its original course. Its path was generally S.W. to N.E.

On July 10, 1955, at 2:00 P.M. Joseph Brakat was driving U.S. Route 21, near Chagrin Falls, Ohio when he saw what looked like a large silver football high in the sky. He stopped his car, got out, but there was nothing there to see. The incident was described as a bright mirror-like reflection seen for several seconds.

Cleveland,O.--Oct.9,1955--(1) 8:10 P.M.--Gold disk with rotating lights on edge, with a pulsating halo was reported to NICAP by Joseph Neumann under investigation.

- page 31 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a list of UFO sightings from November 1955.

The text in the document is as follows:

1 - 30 NOVEMBER 1955 SIGHTINGS

DATE  LOCATION  OBSERVER  EVALUATION
Nov    Houston, Texas Area   (6 Reports) (Filed with RILLINGTON AFB Folder)  Other (REPORTABLE/5)
1-15   Rantoul, Canada  Aircraft
2      Chicago, Illinois  Aircraft (ADVERTISING LIGHTS)
2      Rivergrove, Illinois  Astro (VENUS)
                  Astro (STARS)
                  Insufficient Data
                  Astro (METEOR)
                  Astro (VENUS)
                  Aircraft (ADVERTISING SIGN)
4      Bellmore, Ohio  Aircraft (ADVERTISING SIGN)
4      Chicago, Illinois  1. Astro (STARS)
      Union City, Indiana  2. Aircraft
25,30 N 130,30E (Pacific)   Military
3-8   Sturgis, Michigan   Military
      Middletown, Ohio
4      Chicago, Illinois  Aircraft
)Des Plaines, Illinois  Aircraft (ADVERTISING SIGN)
5      Dayton, Ohio  Aircraft (ADVERTISING SIGN)
      Des Plaines, Illinois
5      Oxford, Ohio  Aircraft
5      Bellingham, Massachusetts  1. Astro (STARS)
                  2. Aircraft
                  Astro (SIRIUS)
                  Insufficient Data
                  Astro (VENUS)
                  Aircraft (ADVERTISING LIGHT)
7      Cape Hatteras Beach, North Carolina  Other (WEATHER BALLOON?)
      Cape Hatteras Beach, North Carolina  Military
8      Dayton, Ohio  Astro (VENUS)
      Cleveland, Ohio  Aircraft (UNIDENTIFIED)
10     Forestville, Connecticut  Astro (VENUS)
      (Chicago, Illinois)   Other (WEATHER BALLOON?) 
10     Beavley, Oregon  Astro (VENUS)
11     Anderson Creek, Oregon  Astro (ARCTURUS)
      Chicago, Illinois  Astro (METEOR)
12     Shell Creek, Arrosio County, Texas  Astro (METEOR)
13     Middletown, Ohio  2. Metamorphic Rock
14     Clinton, Indiana  Astro (VENUS)
14     (Atlantic Ocean 39.45N 69.00W)   Military
      (Atlantic Ocean 39.45N 69.00W)   In Am Air
15     Brooksville, Florida  Astro (METEOR)
      Dundain County, Florida  Other (PEENU/TRAIL)
15     Columbus, Ohio  Astro (METEOR)
      Newcastle, Oregon  Other (MISSILE/ROCKET)
17     .23.57N 173.44W (Pacific)  Military
17     .23.57N 173.44W (Pacific)  Military
      .23.57N 173.44W (Pacific)  Military
      Other (MISSILE LAUNCH)

- page 32 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a list of UFO sightings and their details.

30 NOVEMBER 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
17 Bedford, Virginia Multiple Astro (VENUS), Astro Other (STRANGE LIGHTS), Insufficient Data
18 Buffalo, New York Multiple Astro (VENUS), Astro Other (STRANGE LIGHTS), Insufficient Data
18 Terrace Park, Ohio Multiple Astro (VENUS), Other (STRANGE LIGHTS), Insufficient Data
18 Kasserup, North Dakota Multiple Astro (VENUS), Other (STRANGE LIGHTS), Insufficient Data
19 Indianapolis, Indiana Garfield (OREGON) Aircraft, Other (LIGHTNING)
25 Dallas, Texas Multiple Astro (VENUS), Astro Other (PLANE), Insufficient Data
26 Waxahachie, Texas 7.05 AM CST Multiple Astro (METEOR), Astro (MIS-MOON), Other (PLANE)
26 Jonesboro, Arkansas Multiple Astro (VENUS), Other (PLANE), Insufficient Data
27 Phoenix, Arizona Multiple Astro (VENUS), Other (PLANE), Insufficient Data
29 Mt. Vernon, Maine Multiple Astro (VENUS), Other (PLANE), Insufficient Data
30 10.21 PM PST San Francisco Bay Area, California Multiple Astro (METEOR), Astro (MIS-MOON)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
Nov Cinninnati, Ohio NICAP
Nov Palo Alto, California NICAP
Nov Salt, Massachusetts NICAP
Nov England FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
9 England FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
5 England FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
5 New York (Blackout) FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
13 Weston, Massachusetts NICAP
24 Emmitsburg, Maryland FLYING SAUCER NEWS
27 Confluence, Pennsylvania SAUCER NEWS
28 New Orleans, Louisiana SAUCER NEWS
29 Wallops Island, Virginia NASA

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

E. Time and date of sighting
1. 8:35 P.M. Central time, Darx, night

F. Identifying Information on Observer
1. Civilian Name: [REDACTED]
2. Military Address: [REDACTED]
3. Occupation: [REDACTED]
4. Reliability: High
5. Telephone No.: [REDACTED]
6. Military: 
   1. Name: [REDACTED] 
   2. Organization: [REDACTED]
   3. Duty: [REDACTED]
   4. Rank: [REDACTED]
   5. Security Clearance: [REDACTED]

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: Clear - Cold
2. Winds (from Weather Bureau):
   Surface: 270 Degrees  4 Kts
   Aloft: 10,000  "    "   "
   Aloft: 16,000  "    "   " 
   Aloft: 20,000  "    "   "
   Aloft: 30,000  "    "   "
   Aloft: 40,000  "    "   "
   Aloft: 50,000  "    "   "
   Aloft: 60,000  "    "    "
3. Ceiling: 10,000, overcast
4. Visibility: 15 miles
5. Temp: Cold, approx. 32 degrees F
6. Altimeter Setting: 30.10
7. Vertical Temp. Gradient: Unknown

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or other, which might account for the sighting?
No

Did you take any photographs? 
No
Do you know of any existence of physical evidence or materials?
No

INITIALS JSW

Individual seems reliable. She was positive in her answers and sure of what she said.

Teresa J. Welch
Civilian Witness 
Flight Operations Clerk

- page 35 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed letter on a document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a letter from someone in Chicago, Illinois, addressed to "Dear [redacted]". The letter discusses the sender's sighting of an "object" during the month of October and requests that the recipient examine the object and return it in the envelope provided. The letter is signed by "INSPECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF, Chief, PROJECT BLUE BOOK".

Transcribed text:

UFOB (ITEM)
IS 65-22-1307 PERSON APB, Ohio 45433
[Redacted]
Chicago, Illinois
Dear [Redacted],
In reviewing our cases for the month of October, your report of sighting an unidentified object on [redacted] has come to our attention. We would appreciate it if you would forward the object to us for examination and return it in the envelope provided.
Sincerely,
INSPECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 36 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object you observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications that may result from this personal information so furnished.

1. When did you see the object? October 23, 1965

2. Time of day: Minutes: 30

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Chicago

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes: 30 Seconds: 

5.1 How was the object first determined? a. Accidentally b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Clear b. NIGHT: Clear No stars

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left

Text extracted from the document:

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object you observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications that may result from this personal information so furnished.

1. When did you see the object? October 23, 1965
2. Time of day: Minutes: 30
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Chicago
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes: 30 Seconds: 
5.1 How was the object first determined? a. Accidentally b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Clear b. NIGHT: Clear No stars
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Fewer
b. About the same
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight - full moon
b. Dim moonlight - pitch dark
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Ciear - no clouds
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Transparent
c. Yes

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
INCANDESCENT BULB

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Have a solid shape?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash on and off?
h. Disappear and reappear?

The text output from the OCR system is:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Fewer
b. About the same
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight - full moon 
b. Dim moonlight - pitch dark
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Ciear - no clouds
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Transparent
c. Yes

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
INCANDESCENT BULB

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Have a solid shape?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash on and off?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 38 -

The image contains a photograph or diagram showing a detailed sketch of an unidentified flying object. The sketch depicts an object with a changing shape, initially described as "very shape" and then "changed shape - red light flashing". The text in the image describes various details about the object, including its motion and observed characteristics.

14. DID THE OBJECT DISAPPEAR WHILE YOU WERE WATCHING IT? IF SO, HOW?
IT JUST DISAPPEARED, JUST OUT OF MY VIEW

15. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): YES [X] NO  DON'T KNOW  IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT:

16. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): YES [X] NO  DON'T KNOW  IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT:

17. TELL IN A FEW WORDS THE FOLLOWING THINGS ABOUT THE OBJECT:
A. SOUND - COMPLETELY SILENT - NO SOUND AT ALL 
B. COLOR - VERY BRILLIANT RED LIGHT FLASHING
C. SIZE - APPEARED TO BE ABOUT 30 TO 50 FEET IN DIAMETER

18. WE WISH TO KNOW THE ANGULAR SIZE. HOLD A MATCH STICK AT ARM'S LENGTH IN LINE WITH A KNOWN OBJECT AND NOTE HOW MUCH OF THE OBJECT IS COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD. HOW MUCH OF THE OBJECT WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD?

19. DRAW A PICTURE THAT WILL SHOW THE SHAPE OF THE OBJECT OR OBJECTS. LABEL AND INCLUDE IN YOUR SKETCH ANY DETAILS OF THE OBJECT THAT YOU SAW SUCH AS WINGS, PROTRUSIONS, ETC. ALSO INDICATE WHICH WAY THE OBJECT WAS MOVING BY PLACING AN ARROW BESIDE THE DRAWING TO SHOW THE DIRECTION THE OBJECT WAS MOVING.

- page 39 -

