There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a table with information about a sighting in Sherman, Texas in the summer of 1965.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP 
Summer 1965
2. LOCATION
Sherman, Texas
10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILES
Omittance of date and time prohibits evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image contains a handwritten document or report, but does not contain any photographs.

Transcribed text:

Dear Mr. Brown:

We have for some time felt remiss in not writing to you and thanking you for your interest and efforts on behalf of the case of the UFO sighting near Sherman, Texas in the summer of 1965.

It was a very unusual incident and we feel that with your assistance, we were able to obtain a reasonably complete account of what occurred. As you know, the case received a great deal of publicity at the time and we have had numerous inquiries about it since then.

I did mention to you at the time that we would be interested in obtaining any additional information you might be able to provide, particularly with respect to any official Air Force investigation or evaluation of the incident. If you have any such information, we would be most grateful if you could forward it to us.

We have filed this case in our permanent records and consider it one of the more puzzling and interesting UFO reports that has come to our attention.

Again, our sincere thanks for your cooperation in this matter. We appreciate your interest and assistance.

Sincerely,
[Signature]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

"Send you a little strange the wise Capt. D. reported several and 2 hours and 3 minutes - but it was visible
and he could see the advantage of such a ship - made the disc in the sky that evening at 7:35 - it seemed to be shape-
less and looked like a swarm of insects - on 12 19 17 at 6:18 rights, northwest or
window

About 11:30 P.M.
The plane came in this form
 made a U turn

Then cancelled out on their ship - 
then returned downwards - their was very, the Air Field
of Sherman TX - I clipped the matter.
Sincerely yours
(name redacted)"

- page 3 -

