The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a military investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 31 August 65 01/00/52
2. LOCATION: Cheyenne, Wyoming
3. SOURCE: Military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Manuvered
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Information relayed through AF Command Post. Time motion sequence not included.
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Ring of light, rapidly outlined, Disappeared while watching object. No sound. Red, white, blue and green colors. Found barrel sized. Flight was to the West, then East, down out of sight.

- page 1 -

The image contains a map depicting a geographical area, likely a rural region. The map appears to be a black and white document with various lines, roads, and labels indicating geographic features and locations. There is no photograph present in this image, only the map.

OCR Text:
REPORT NO. CASE 65-19590
The text in the image appears to be the header "REPORT NO. CASE 65-19590".

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text and sketches. The text describes various locations and mentions "UFO Aircraft" and "20-25 minutes".

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

WYOMING
Cheyenne:        Observed missile
Missile (control) station
Traced control station

NEBRASKA
Lincoln:        1st Aircraft - - 9:12 pm
"Just Aircraft"

PLEASE ADVISE
CHIEF STATION

20-25 minutes

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

WYOMING 
LETTERS MEMORANDUM TO CLASSIFY MATERIAL ALLEGED UNCLAS AFD 0
INFORMATION RECEIVED AS FOLLOWS
SKETCHER ASKED LEAVE HIS SKETCH ON FILE SUGGEST 
SKETCHER ASKED LEAVE HIS SKETCH ON FILE

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. The diagram shows various markings, labels, and symbols on what looks like a map or schematic representation. The text in the image includes the labels "Wyoming", "Missouri", and "Nebraska", as well as some other indecipherable text.

Wyoming Missouri Nebraska

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

REPORT IDENTIFICATION:
90DGOP 
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)
TO: AFSC (FTDD)

TEXT:
1. Reference AFR 200-2, as amended. The following described unidentified flying objects are an addition to our report of 9 August 1965.

2. Description of Objects: The reported objects are plotted on the attached photographs as described in subparagraphs below:

a. Reported by civilian guard at Sioux Army Depot to Golf Launch Control Section at 2220 local time. The object sighting consisted of two objects moving rapidly at an altitude of 5,000 to 7,000 feet above the horizon. See plot number 1.

b. Reported from Cheyenne, Wyoming by six military personnel with the aid of binoculars. See plot number 2. The object sighting was an illuminated object which appeared to the southeast and traveled westward, disappearing to the southwest very late and reappeared again.

c. Objects reported by three airmen of a Geodetic Survey Team, who observed them with the aid of a theodolite (calibrated to a 40 power telescope). See plot number 3.

(1) Objects appeared to be twice the size of a pinhead, appeared in the middle of the sky, dipped and moved on course as indicated. When viewed through the theodolite, these objects grouped and varied in size.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which is a form filled out with various questions and responses regarding a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please fill in the blanks with any statements or conclusions which will help us in our analysis. We request that you do not discuss or publish any of this personal information as it is for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of Day: 0245-2
3. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
4. Was the object lighted?
  a. Daylight 
  b. Slightly
  c. Bright
  d. Steady
  e. Flashing 
6. What was the condition of the sky?
  a. Clear
  b. Slightly cloudy 
  c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
  a. In front of you
  b. To your right
  c. To your left
  d. Behind you

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

B. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember.
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember.

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds.
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember.

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Light, c. Changing in shape, d. Vapor.
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know.
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: (blank)

12. The edge of the object was: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply outlined, c. Other: (blank)
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question): Appear to stand still/any time? Yes/No/Don't know.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains a questionnaire with questions and blank spaces for the witness to fill out regarding their UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what was in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _______
b. Color _________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and tell how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please draw bside the direction the object was moving.

Sketch provided: Circular with some markings.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)       Yes            No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)       Yes            No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour

24.3 Did you obtain any time measurements while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes No
b. Sun glasses      Yes No
c. Windshield      Yes No
d. Window glass     Yes No
e. Binoculars        Yes No
f. Telescope         Yes No
g. Theodolite        Yes No
h. Other              Yes No

26. In your opinion, can you give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw?

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The diagram shows a compass rose with degrees marked around the edges. There is also a sketch of an object or objects in the sky, with instructions to draw a picture showing the path or direction of the object(s).

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown: Place an "X" on the curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the position that the object or objects made, relative to the earth, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a form with various questions and spaces for answers.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle one) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle one) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Day Month Year

- page 12 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a record of a UFO sighting. The text on the form includes details such as the date, time, location, source, conclusion, number of objects observed, length of observation, type of observation, course, and whether there were any photos or physical evidence related to the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 21 August 65 01/0500Z
2. LOCATION: Cheyenne, Wyoming
3. SOURCE: Flight Civilians
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Three
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 35 - 40 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: (Visual) (VI)
7. COURSE: East
8. PHOTOS: Yes 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. The text in the document is as follows:

(2) Object death observed in same location but on the next night The object became three time as large, as brighter as it moved rapidly to the East. As first, object became three times bright and large er than before and there were two objects, but as it moved away there was only one object left.

4. Object sighted and observed through binoculars by Staff at the site of a saucer, moved with an up and down motion, white in color, with a dull red light at the lower part flashed on and off, was observed as a weather balloon. Object was also observed on 31 August and 4 September.

6. Some civilians, whose hobby is observing the phenomena of the North of Cheyenne by group of eight observed objects approaching form Denver, Colo. 2000 - 3000 feet disappearing some what highed above horizon. There were these objects, size of a weather balloon and white lights. See plot.

2. Object first sighted by persons I at Golf, who informed two observers to the North of the object. The latter observed the object with theodolite and identified it as Jupiter, size of the planet approximately.

3. The members of the U.S. Geological and Geodetic Survey party examined this phenomenon and can present a sketch and actual description.

4. The weather in all respects was clear with occasional clouds.

5. Report was approved by intelligence staff officer down the chain of intelligence. 

6. Attached are four photos showing locations of observers and directions of sightings.

7. Request information as to whether this or the previous report may be releaed to the public.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM J. GILBER, Capt. USAF
Commander, 90089 Combat Group Gp

4 Atch 
1 - 4 Maps

- page 14 -

