The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document, likely an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

Laredo, Texas
Location: Chaparosa Ranch, Jim Hogg County, Texas
Laredo, Texas
November 21, 1965, 6:31 PM to 6:36 PM

The report describes an encounter where the witness and himself, UPON leaving a home on the ranch, saw an object in the sky. The witness described it as an intense red, flashing-like object that the witness thought was a plane. The object maneuvered and was shaped differently than a plane. The sky was mostly clear with some long clouds thinly scattered to the south. There was no sound whatsoever at any time.

At 6:47 PM an aircraft came flying from the direction of the object. The witness stated it was a Texas aircraft, but now appeared to have increased speed and altitude, as if chasing the object. The object was gone within a few minutes and the aircraft continued on.

My comments are that this object was like other objects only this one seemed to be all of one color, intense red, and could maneuver differently than a plane or aircraft. It appeared to be on top of the object. The characteristics of the light were the same as the same intensity and blinking before it seems to be on top of the object.

Report #5.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document is as follows:

TDEW/UFO JAN 14 1966
UFO SIGHTINGS, FALFURRIAS, TEXAS

1. The Air Force has received five reports of unidentified aerial objects. The analysis indicates that five sightings of unidentified aerial objects have been evaluated as legitimate reports. The analysis indicates that the actual sightings evaluated as aircraft cannot be identified with known aerial vehicles. The conclusion is consistent with this evaluation. At present, many military and civilian agencies concur with a real potential menace of flights of unidentified objects.

2. It is suggested that a fact sheet be attached to explain present Air Force position on unidentified flying objects. 

FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T. GJOERLOW, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:
ORIGINATOR: TDEW/UFO MAJ. R. QUINTANILLA, JR.   DATE: 9 JAN
REVIEW: CARROLL H. BOLENDER   DATE: 11 JAN

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements other than the text itself. I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document.

December 22, 1965

AFSC(FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. 
Gentlemen:

I am enclosing five reports of sightings of unidentified flying objects, the first of which I reported by telephone to a Lt. B. at Laredo Air Force Base, Texas, and since he informed me that you would be contacted by Washington, I have continued to make more observations. Today I called the Laredo Base again and Captain Ellis suggested that I write to you direct with these reports.

I am very much interested in knowing what it is I am seeing, if at all possible, and I would very much appreciate a reply from your good offices after evaluation of these reports. Thank you for your attention.

Yours very truly,

Encls.

- page 3 -

