There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text produced by the OCR system:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Aberdean, South Dakota

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Lost Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street Aberdean 57401 S.D.
TELEPHONE NUMBER - AGE 23 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have my B.A. and my life is presently working on her master's degree. I am a professional in an insurance company-area includes N.D., S.D., & Minn. I am the Grand Life Ins. Co. of America, Dallas, Texas. There were no lamps in the area.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? We, the Air police, Base at Minot, N.D. whom I spoke to April 15.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO report. 

The text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 Apr 1965
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

My wife was in the car with me and also saw it. We immediately wrote down the information about it and called this information in to the Air Base at Miles, N.D. the next day. They acted like we had been seeing things so when the questionnaire came from you we just put it aside. While cleaning out my desk today I came across it and decided to fill it out anyway.

We questioned what it was, mainly because it went back up. It was continuous for the time we saw it. If you have an explanation we would be interested in hearing about it.

Sincerely,
[Redacted], South Dakota

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PTO (TDEW)  
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
17 January 66

Aberdeen, South Dakota

Dear

Efforts to contact you by telephone regarding the unidentified flying object report have been unsuccessful. The information which we have received was incomplete for analysis of your report. Would you please complete the attached form and return to us at your convenience.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF 
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed or handwritten document related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book. The text in the document is as follows:

18 FEB 1965 LOCATED IN VALLEY CITY - N. DAKS. CATHERN ANDERSON BRIGHT GREEN LIGHT ON GROUND S.E. OF CATHEN. ANDERSON SAID LIGHT APPEARED AS THOUGH SUDDENLY EXTINGUISHED AND ONLY DARK TREES SEEN. AT SAME LOCATION WHERE DARK TALL TREE LIKE OBJECT WAS OBSERVED ONE YEAR AGO.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a typed letter on project blue book letterhead.

PTIO (THGW)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
17 January 65

Mr. [redacted]
Aberdeen, South Dakota

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Efforts to contact you by telephone regarding the unidentified flying object report have been unsuccessful. The information which is now available from incomplete investigation is not conclusive of your report. Should additional data become available we will contact you and return these to our office at your convenience.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your answers will not be used in connection with any statement that might identify this person in any way, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
11 Day 17 Month 65 Year

2. Time of day: 
23 Hours 03 Minutes 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Katharyn (ck. spelling), North Dakota

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2 Hours 5 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? recall
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes 25 No 

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph or image present on this particular page. The text on the page consists of a questionnaire with various multiple-choice questions about the observer's sighting of an unidentified object at night, including questions about the appearance and behavior of the object as well as the weather conditions at the time of the sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
Size of meteor

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Glow or flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Note ad 19

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):      Yes       No      Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):      Yes       No      Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound none
b. Color yellow-blue-green

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
probably smaller than match article to size of match stick

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially relative or vapor trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
A drawing of the object has been included, but it is not clear and appears to be only a rough sketch. The drawing shows the object as a crescent or arc shape, with an arrow indicating the direction it was moving.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car, no other cars in area
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other 

23. Where you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Refer # 15

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. It contains a diagram and instructions related to observing and reporting UFO sightings.

The text output from the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was observed above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "AA" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 10 -

