There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing various information fields such as Date/Time Group, Location, Source, Number of Objects, Length of Observation, Type of Observation, Course, Photos, and Physical Evidence.

The text contained in the image is as follows:

DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 JUN 65 - 02/0315Z
LOCATION: Eastlake, Ohio
SOURCE: ***
CONCLUSION: Insufficient data
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ***
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
COURSE: ***
PHOTOS: None
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0XX

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text contained in the document:

THEN
UFO Observations

JUL 28 1955
Re: REPORT: SAMPLING (Mrs Riggs)
CASE D C 20250

1. Reference the attached letter from the Agency requesting information on their ____ observations of 13 July 1955.

2. The objects which they observed on the nights of 13 and 15 July 1955 are described to characteristics or activities which indicate they were stars or other lights in the sky.

3. The objects that were described as like stars are the only real intelligen on which we have information. There
are, however, over 10,000 satellite or satelloids visible to the unaided eye. From our observation, over 5,000 II. can be observed on any clear night. Therefore, the objects described were in all probability, stars or other natural phenomena rather than an identified or from mass.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC J. de JONCKHEERE 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology 
and Criteria

ORIGINATOR:
CDTS/INT/UFO                        date  7-29-55

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain handwritten text and a sketch-like drawing. Since the image does not contain a human face, I will proceed to describe the contents of the document as requested.

The handwritten text details an apparent UFO sighting, describing an object seen in the sky at around 10:15 PM on a certain date. The text discusses the object's size, shape, and movement, and mentions taking a photograph of the object. The sketch-like drawing appears to depict the object observed.

OCR output:

Dear Tom:

This involved date was a clear night &amp;  was probably witnessed by at least 10-15 persons in the area. It was what appeared to be a large lighted object, varying in apparent size, shape and movement. I was able to take a photograph of the object before it disappeared. The photograph appears to show a distinct shape of the object as I saw it.

R.S. Collins
Phone Williamson 6.T8.B
U.F.O. Division
Wayne, Ohio

- page 3 -

