There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP: 15 August 65 13/0455
2. LOCATION: Toledo, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. COURSE: West
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 Minutes
7. WEATHER: Ground-Visual
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: A/0 - No data presented to indicate that an a/c could NOT have been the cause. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Light in flight from North to West, brighter than star. Object showed sudden direction change, then continued on a different course in a different direction.
FTD EFF 22 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a questionnaire that has been filled out by someone who observed an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as fully as possible. The information that you provide will be carefully analyzed and may prove to be of great value. We request this personal information so that it is determined necessary for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 12 AUG 65
2. Time of day: 2:30 (Circle One): AM or PM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? TOLEDO, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 MINUTES SECONDS
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: a. Bright  b. Hazy c. Partly Cloudy
b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Partly Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left  d. To your right  e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Fewer
b. About the same
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry 
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vague

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compared brightness to some common object: ______

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Other ______

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes - No - Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes - No - Don't know)
c. Make any sound? (Yes - No - Don't know)
d. Give off smoke? (Yes - No - Don't know)
e. Change brightness? (Yes - No - Don't know)  
f. Disappear and reappear? (Yes - No - Don't know)
g. Flash or flicker? (Yes - No - Don't know)
h. Disappear and never return? (Yes - No - Don't know)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a filled out questionnaire with handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? "The - - - -"

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): Yes. No. Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): Yes. No. Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: "Jet"
b. Color: "Bright - white"

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or coin's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you held the match in this manner, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? "Great"

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. "sketch of object to the west".

The text extracted from the image is:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? "The - - - -"
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): Yes. No. Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): Yes. No. Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: "Jet" 
b. Color: "Bright - white"
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or coin's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you held the match in this manner, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? "Great"
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. "sketch of object to the west".

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. South c. East d. Southwest e. West f. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass
e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A dirty looking smudgy white object on a clear day with no distinct shape or outline.

Project Blue Book Questionnaire Text:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 85 - 100 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 - 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One) 
g. Other: in the backyard of residence

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
(Not applicable as respondent was not in a vehicle)

24.2 How fast were you moving? (Not applicable as respondent was not in a vehicle)

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
(Not applicable as respondent was not in a vehicle)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses No
c. Windshield No
d. Window glass No
e. Binoculars Yes
f. Telescope No 
g. Other No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A dirty looking smudgy white object on a clear day with no distinct shape or outline.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch and a compass image, but no photograph. 

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form.

NONE

- page 7 -

