The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an observation record form for an incident that occurred on August 5, 55 (Night) in Waterford, Connecticut. The form includes details about the location, conclusion, description of the observation, type of observation, course, physical evidence, and other information related to the UFO sighting.

The text present in the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP
11 August 55 (Night)
2. LOCATION
Waterford, Connecticut
3. CONCLUSIONS
OBSERVATION BY ASTRONOMERS A surveillance by many astronomical observers and professional astronomers as well as amateurs has ruled out the possibility of conventional astronomical objects for this report.
4. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Nil

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a handwritten letter describing an observation of a dark speck or object moving across the face of the moon.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Air Force Intelligence
Washington D.C.

Dear Sir,

You must get quite a lot of flying saucer reports every so often. Some are from people who are because of weather, heat, dust, etc. What ever the case you must get quite a lot. I have something that may interest you. Something different than a flying saucer story.

This evening I went to a drive-in movie at the Waterford Drive-in in Waterford, Connecticut to see a historical movie entitled Genghis Khan and its co-feature The Rain Must Fall which I saw before. It was about twenty five minutes of nine, the sky was clear and the moon was out. I happened to glance up at the moon because since I had seen The Rain Must Fall (which played first) before I wasn't very interested in it. I was alone in the car as I did not have a date for the evening.  I was looking at the moon when I noticed a very dark speck or object moving across the face of the moon, in a straight line. In fact the speck or object was traveling across the middle of the moon's surface. I continued to watch the moon for about ten minutes and I noticed that this object was orbiting the moon three times every two minutes I could tell this by watching my watch in the bright light from the car's dash board. Now the bright side of the moon reflecting the sun's rays is always towards us and to the naked human eye the moon appears to be stationary.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old report document, containing text only.

Page two

Crater surfaces of the moon look light brown in color. That is why I could see this black specs or objects moving across this moon's surface. This object must have been quite large to enable me to see it as a black spec. After looking at the moon for ten minutes I then went back to look at the object. About a half an hour later I looked at the moon again and observed this same object still orbiting the moon, but I noticed that the object reaching the moon's surface stopped for about five minutes than continued on its orbit. I am staying in Niantic, Connecticut with my family for the summer and our house or rather the house that we are renting is on a hill over looking the ocean and at night I lay in bed as my room faces the water looking at the moon thinking about the next day's work. This is the first time that I have ever seen this object crossing the moon. Gentlemen I am not in a habit of making up stories for fun of it just to get my name in the paper. I don't need the publicity. I am 55 years old with two years of college in business with my father, who owns a large furniture store in Norwich, Connecticut called ****** Furniture Company. I am soon going to open my own business and call it Zenith T.V., Hot Point Appliances, ect. and all I am need is people hearing that I am seeing flying saucers, flying objects, ect. Why they might think that I was a nut person the expression and that would be bad for business. How ever I did see this object and whether it is something or not is up to you. I am telling you that I have never seen it crossing the moon before this evening.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned page from a document. The text on the page is as follows:

page three

When I looked at the moon and this evening the moon was the clearest that I have ever seen it, the sky was clear with a few clouds but I could see the xxxxx surface or rather what is seen by the naked eye which I say this I just looked out my bedroom windowsxx and while the moon looks xxxxxxxx I farther away I can still see this xxxxx object crossing the moon's surface. It is probably nothing but I just thought that you might be interested in hearing about it.

Thank you for your time in reading this letter.

Sincerely yours,

P.S. Please, I do not want any publicity at all.
P.S. Please for give me for the mistakes I can't type very well.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be the cover page of a document from the United States Air Force Intelligence, addressed to P.O. Norwich, Connecticut. The page is marked "AIR MAIL" and "SPECIAL DELIVERY".

P.O. Norwich, Connecticut
United States Air Force Intelligence
Washington D.C.
AIR MAIL
SPECIAL DELIVERY

- page 5 -

