There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
928TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60656

SUBJECT: U.F.O.  
a. Description of the object: 
1. Would you please describe the object's shape.  Circular.

2. Size as compared to a known object held in the hand at about arm's length. (Such as a pea, dime, nickel, baseball).  

3. Color. Bright Circular.  
4. Number. One (1).
5. Formation, if more than one.  

6. Any discernible features or details. Surface of whitish or metallic, tapering toward and of opposite.

7. Was there a tail, trail or exhaust, including size, shape and color? If so, please describe.  None

8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe.  None

9. Other pertinent or unusual features. Light went out and then came back on.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

B. Description of course of object:
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object: Building was obstructed
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: 20 Degree Angle, 270 Degree Angle
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance: 30 Degree Angle, 270 Degree Angle
4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: Straight 
5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or instantaneously): Obstructed by building
6. How long was the object visible?: 5-10 seconds
7. Manner of observation: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic (if electronic, specify type of radar)
8. Was any optical aids used? (Telescopes, binoculars): None
9. Was this an airborne sighting? If so:
A. Type A/C
B. Color 
C. Altitude
D. Heading
E. Speed
F. Home Station
G. Telephone No.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various fields to be filled out.

D. Time and date of sighting
1. Time: 6:15, 7 Mar 65
2. Duration: min., dusk, dusk

E. Location of Observer: Where did you make this sighting from? Give exact location (or necessary give location to a known land mark?)
Intersection Harlem Ave and Ridge land Ave., Chigo, 

F. Identifying Information on Observer
1. Civilian Name: [redacted]
2. Age: 28
3. Mailing Address: [redacted]
4. Occupation: [redacted]
5. Reliability: [redacted]
6. Telephone No.: [redacted]

Military: /s/
1. Name: [redacted]
2. Grade: [redacted]
3. Organization: [redacted]
4. Duty: [redacted]
5. Reliability: [redacted]
6. Telephone No.: [redacted]

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: CLEAR

2. Winds (from Weather Bureau)
Surface: NOT AVAILABLE
Aloft: 6,000 Degrees N
10,000 " 
20,000 " 
30,000 " 
50,000 "
80,000 "

3. Ceiling: VISIBILITY
4. Amount of Cloud Layer: 
5. Thunderstorm in area and quadrant in which located: 
6. Vertical Temp Gradient:

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting?

Did you take any photographs or make any kind of physical evidence or materials?

INITIALS DIR

The party reporting this sighting did not hesitate when questioned. I am quite certain that the sighting is an honest one and is not a hoax. I found no evidence of any kind to dissuade me from accepting his account. At a distance this could be the same object.

Ernest M. Regener 
Civilian Aircraft Inspector

- page 4 -

