The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document related to the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 
Dec 09 07302
2. LOCATION
La Crosse, Wisconsin
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE 
N/A
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No
19. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report collection.

FTD (IDEW)
W-21315-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio 45433
10 May 1966

LaCrosse, Wisconsin 54601

Dear Miss ____,

Reference your recent unidentified observation. The information which you have submitted is too insufficient for analysis. Please complete the attached Air Force Form 164 and Return It in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

SEGUN QUINTANILLA Jr, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

SMG

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire form used to collect details about a reported unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11-6-65
2. Time of day: 1:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Whitehall, Wisconsin City or Town La Crosse State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 5 Minutes 0 Seconds 0
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or survey about sighting details.

3. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON? (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many  
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same  
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: _____________

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No/Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes/No/Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes/No/Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes/No/Don't know
f. Seem to be attached to anything? Yes/No/Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes/No/Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes/No/Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a series of questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or survey form related to a UFO sighting report.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. Open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? mph

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Could you observe the object through any of the following? (Yes/No)
Eyeglasses: Yes
Sun glasses: Yes
Windshield: Yes
Window glass: Yes

26. Could you give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common star, or other natural object, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. Open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? mph

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Could you observe the object through any of the following? (Yes/No)
Eyeglasses: Yes No
Sun glasses: Yes No
Windshield: Yes No
Window glass: Yes No
Binoculars: Yes No
Telescope: Yes No
Theodolite: Yes No
Other:

26. Could you give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common star, or other natural object, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image contains a diagram with instructions for sketching the motion and direction of an observed object or objects. There is a compass rose diagram showing different angular measurements. The instructions ask the viewer to sketch the motion of the object(s) and indicate the direction they were traveling.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] Last Name [Redacted] First Name [Redacted] Middle Name
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Street [Redacted] City [Redacted] State [Redacted] Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 52 SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 9 65
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 9 -

