The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

31 May 65 01/033Z
Civilian
One
Not Reported
Ground-Visual
Stationary
2-2

FID FORM 14-343 0329 (TDE)

Piqua, Ohio
Aircraft (GOODYEAR BLIMP*)
Observation by witness revealed that the object
appeared to be a blimp.
Witness reported the object to FBI Duty Officer.
Object was observed as a blimp.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document discussing a UFO form or report.

UFO form continued
It was near 10:30 p.m. and around 10:30 p.m. when the object was seen. At first it was far away and difficult to see, but as it came nearer, I could see it was clearly some type of unidentified object. It made no sound, but red lights were blinking on the bottom of the object as it moved. 
At one point, the object stopped in mid-air and hovered, then slowly accelerated away and disappeared. It moved erratically and swiftly. I could not determine the size of the object, but it was larger than a normal aircraft. The weather was clear with stars visible. 
I called the police and they said they had received other calls about the object. I assume others may have reported seeing the object as well. I thought the object might have been some type of experimental aircraft, but I cannot be certain of its identity. It did not resemble any aircraft I have ever seen.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Official U.S.
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3-31-65
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or narrative explanation.

My UFO was made on the 29 January 1965 at approximately 10 PM. I was looking out of my bedroom window at the night sky when I saw a bright orange/red light in the sky. It was hovering and seemed very large. It remained hovering for several minutes then took off at a very high rate of speed, disappearing from sight in a matter of seconds. It was a clear night and the object was visible for 2-3 minutes. It appeared to be round or oblong in shape. My husband saw it with me and we were both amazed at what we saw. We have never seen anything like it before. We were both excited and wondered what it could have been. We would like to know if other people in the area reported seeing the same object that night.

- page 3 -

The image contains a handwritten document, but there is no photograph visible in this particular page.

UFO form continued
At 11-15 P.M. we noticed. And didn't want to leave. I was with my roommate. We were walking towards the barn when my roommate screamed and said there was a bright light in the sky. I looked up and saw a round object with a small blinking light on the bottom of it hovering over the barn. I did not report it of the reason, I was scared that they wouldn't believe me. While I was walking home after seeing this object, my mind began to think of what I had seen. My roommate and I are still puzzled over what we saw that night. I do not report this incident to anyone at the time of the observation.

- page 4 -

This image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page includes a diagram or sketch that seems to depict the motion or movement of a UFO or unidentified aerial object. There are also handwritten notes and comments on the page.

Since the image does not contain any human faces, I will proceed to extract the text from the document using optical character recognition (OCR):

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Please put an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Draw a line to show the path the object took.

WE HAVE PERMISSION TO CLUE THAT OBJECT IUS FIXED POWER, AX ACCORDING TO lti5 DRIWUNC WTAT OBJECT WEAL 1N TIME FROM II TO 13

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end.
X

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Place a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. 

WAS X

And most frustrating thing about 9 this case is that I can't figure out what the thing was that looked like a star that whip past at an incredible speed. And I don't know if it was an actual solld object or just an illusion caused by some sort of atmospheric condition. The report says it looked like a star but was moving at a terrific rate of speed, faster than any airplane or missile. And I just don't know what to make of that.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

UFO form continued 
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give dates and locations.
-no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
No one else was with me at the time. I was alone when I saw the object.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] 
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 513 884 1921

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any experience, which might be pertinent.
At the present time, I am unable to add any other information. I am a 54 year old truck driver and this is the first time I have seen anything like this object. I reported it to the local authorities but they were unable to identify it. This is a report of what I observed.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? To Piqua, Ohio Authorities as soon as I saw it and was able to get home and contact them. I reported it to them the same day.
33.1 What was their response? They were unable to identify the object that I had seen.

- page 6 -

This image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a form with various questions about a UFO sighting, but there does not appear to be any photograph included.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Gradually disappeared.

15. Did the object reappear? If so, how? 
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound. 
b. Color - Bright light.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or a pen's length in line with a known object and note how many times the object being observed would fit into the length of the match or pen. (See the diagram.)
The match-stick size was 2 inches long and the object was 3 times that size.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects, label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please use arrow's beside the details to indicate direction of movement.

[The handwritten text in this section is:] I could distinguish object, it was stationary, no exhaust, no wings, no protrusion, just a bright round light that gradually disappeared in the sky.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a form titled "UFO form continued" and contains various questions about the UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 10 - 15 seconds to pass over trees
21. Do you think you can estimate the size of the object?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
23. Were you (Circle One): inside a building, in a car, in an airplane, outdoors?
24. If in an AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle, what direction were you moving? (Circle One): N, E, S, W.
25. 1. What direction were you facing? (Circle One): N, E, S, W.
26. Did you see the object at any time while you were looking at it? (Circle One): Yes, No.
27. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle applicable items): Binoculars, Telescope, Windshield, Window glass.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make.

1. When did you see the object?   MAY        1965
2. Time of day:   2:35        A.M.
3. Time of observation:   15        MINUTES
4. Where were you located when you observed the object?  WALNUT GROVE FAYETTE COUNTY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)  APPROXIMATELY 5-10 MINUTES
6. What was the condition of the sky?  NIGHT - CLEAR
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?  

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" which is used to collect information about UFO sightings. The form contains questions and checkboxes for the observer to describe the object they saw, the weather conditions, the object's appearance, and other details related to the UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

FORCE UFO FORM
1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
a. Stars were bright 
b. Stars were dim or obscured
c. Moon was bright
d. Moon was obscured 
e. Don't know

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a. Cloudy or overcast
b. Clear sky
c. Hazy or light rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Dull or metallic
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Not as bright

12. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clear and sharp
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
If you answered "Yes", then about how fast was it moving? about 250 miles an hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how long you observed the object? 
If you answered "Yes", then how long was it in sight? about 15 or 20 minutes

22. Where were you located when you saw the subject?
c. In an automobile
e. Other (Specify) driving to work

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North
24.2 How fast were you moving? about 50 mph
24.3 Did you stop at any time while seeing the object? No

23. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses - Yes
b. Sun glasses - No
c. Binoculars - No
d. Windshield - Yes
e. Other - No

25. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or material which, in your opinion, would give some impression of the size or the object as you saw it: I was traveling slowly 25 miles an hour in an automobile. the object was very bright, silvery, about the size of a large beach ball and was traveling about 250 miles an hour. It disappeared through the clouds in the distance.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report, which appears to be a questionnaire filled out by a witness who reported seeing an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on a possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The facts you furnish may be useful in analyzing such reports or other information that may be used in scientific study, research, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information only if it is deemed necessary; we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3-1 MAY 65
2. Time of day: 12:15 (Circle One): A.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): b. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? DWELLING 1/2 MILE WEST LIBERTY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 MINUTES
5.1 How was time in sight determined? JUST GUESS
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES NO
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT
     a. Bright b. Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): 4. To your left

The rest of the text has been transcribed as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on a possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The facts you furnish may be useful in analyzing such reports or other information that may be used in scientific study, research, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information only if it is deemed necessary; we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3-1 MAY 65
2. Time of day: 12:15 (Circle One): A.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): b. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? DWELLING 1/2 MILE WEST LIBERTY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 MINUTES
5.1 How was time in sight determined? JUST GUESS
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES NO
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT
     a. Bright b. Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): 4. To your left

FTD FORM OCT 42 164 This form supersedes FTD OCT 42, July 51, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely a UFO report form.

OCR Text Output:
14. Did the object disappear or while you watched it? (If it disappeared, tell how) The object disappeared toward the west and seemed to Slow down then stopped and came to a halt-then disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (If you answered YES, then tell what)
No, the object did not move behind anything.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (If you answered YES, then tell what)
No, the object did not move in front of anything.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: Pure White
b. Color: Pure White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. This will give an idea of the angular size. What was the angular size in degrees or inches at 20 feet?
about 18-20 inches edge to edge

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall, such as shape, color, number, etc. (There is an outline sketch for this purpose on the next page)
No wings, tail or any things got plain white suspended in air.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" which is used to gather information about unidentified flying objects (UFOs) for Project Blue Book. The text on the form has been transcribed as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information obtained will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, findings, or conclusions based on this personal information.

1. When did you observe the object?  Mar 7 1965
2. Time of observation: 9:30 AM
3. Time zone: Eastern Standard   
4. Where were you when you observed the object? St. Paris Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 minutes
5.1 How was object first observed? (Circle One) Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? CLEAR.
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) 1. In front of you 2. To your left 3. To your right 4. Behind you 5. Overhead 6. Don't remember

FTD CST 194   This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document titled "Force UFO Form".

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Cloudy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Think or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) - PARTLY OBSCURED

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Compare to brightness the same common object: Don't remember

12. The edges of the object were: 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Partly obscured
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
c. Blinked on and off? Yes No Don't know
d. Change in size or shape? Yes No Don't know
e. Suddenly appear or disappear? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, specifically a questionnaire.

The text in the document is as follows:

"34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Mar 2b 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire explanation of your sighting.

Of the mind of the sauony dident klup se from walking to the spot where they talking g war ce for a long time that one the park them so I May have about 2 foot apart that a mile away"

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. It contains a compass-like diagram and instructions for the observer to mark the positions of objects they observe in the sky.

Text extracted from the image:

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown, Place on "A" on the ground line to show how high the object appeared above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the compass when you first saw it. Place on "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the ground line to show the position of the object at the last time you saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

East
seen plane 1 mile 1/4 mile

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a form titled "UFO form continued".

UFO form continued
20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date and location. (name)
31. 1. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes      No
31. 2. If so were annoyed YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes      No
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
CITY: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
OCCUPATION: 65 SEX: Female
Additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent, in a few words. (handwritten response)
I am a veteran of the army and fact that they both were investigated
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
date is unclear, month Mar

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

NICAP MASSACHUSETTS SUBCOMMITTEE
Wenham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO Report; Tewksbury/Lawrence, Massachusetts 
DATE: 24 June 1965
TO: NICAP Headquarters, Washington, D.C.
FROM: Raymond E. Fowler, NICAP Subcommittee Chairman #1

Released for your files is a UFO report caused by a sighting on 24 June 1965 near Tewksbury/Lawrence, Massachusetts. The witnesses described what they observed very similar to the usual description before their initial excitement got the best of them.

Sincerely,
Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman, NICAP Subcommittee #1

- page 19 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a typed document or report. There is no human face visible in the image.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"UFO SIGHTING REPORT
CASE NO: J-21/73:57
WITNESSES: Mrs. Margie Patrick
17-3 Suncrest Street,
Canada 42, Massachusetts
David Hogarth:
2 House Road,
Everett 39, Massachusetts
Employed part-time, Car wash.

PLACE(s): 1. Lt. Vernon, Vergennes, Mass.
2. Mt. Vernon Hill, Lawrence, Mass.

BACKGROUND: On 22 May 1965 I received a UFO sighting report from the stated. 13 May 1965 reporting a UFO sighting by Mrs. Margie Patrick and David Hogarth.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT: The witnesses were leaving the PE. & RR-MASS durng the evening of 13 May 1965 when they observed a bright cylindrical object in the sky. This object was about the apparent size of the moon and appeared to be rotating or tumbling. It was observed for about 10 minutes and then disappeared behind Mt. Vernon Hill. Mrs. Patrick and Mr. Hogarth stated that the object emitted a bright light and appeared to be at an altitude of about 500 feet. They both reported that the object would disappear and then reappear a short distance away. The witnesses became frightened and began to drive home hurriedly. Mrs. Patrick and Mr. Hogarth are certain that what they observed was not an airplane or any other known object.

SIGHTING DATA: (based on Completed UFO sighting report form)
317 VIHSNGTON 18 Bright obj. seen in sky, apparent size of moon, cylindrical
shaped, rotating or tumbling, bright light emitted, at about 500 ft
altitude, disappeared and reappeared in another location. Seen at
site of PE. & RR-MASS during evening. Frightened witnesses drove home
hurriedly. Duration about 10 minutes."

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document that appears to be part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book. 

Text from the document:

EVALUATION: The witnesses were sincere and excited about their sighting. They stated that the object was as bright as the sun and appeared to be about 50 yards long and 30 yards wide. It was described as shaped like a dumbbell and was surrounded by a blue or blue-green light which flashed and flickered. The object hovered, accelerated, and then disappeared in about 20 seconds. The Air Force evaluation was that there was nothing unusual or unidentifiable about the object. The report indicates that the object was probably a military flare or meteorological balloon which the witnesses mistook for a UFO.

I PROMPTLY REFERRED THE CASE TO THE U.S. WEATHER BUREAU FOR ANALYSIS AND EVALUATION BY THEIR METEOROLOGICAL EXPERTS. THEY STATED THAT THIS CASE 15 PROBABLY A METEOROLOGICAL BALLOON RELEASE BY A HOSPITAL OR MEDICAL COLLEGE IN THE AREA, AS THIS IS A COMMON PRACTICE IN OBTAINING UPPER ATMOSPHERE WEATHER DATA.

- page 21 -

The image contains a map showing the "Sky-light" aircraft between Piqua and Beverley Airport. The map is labeled "MAP OF SIGHTING (UNCONFIRMED)".

Text extracted from the document:

SIGHTING - Since this sighting, apparently , to illustrate
conditions can only be established clearly by a
personnel and the immediate exchange of information.

I have written up this report primarily to illustrate the
conditions under which such sightings can be viewed and to emphasize
the need for prompt communication with the proper authorities.

MAP OF SIGHTING
(UNCONFIRMED)

"Sky-light" Aircraft between
Piqua - Beverley Airport
5/7/65

BOSTON

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text in the form of a Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

The text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
A. 1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Fewer, c. Brighter, d. Don't remember
B. 1 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. None, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Stormy, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Dull, d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the surrounding stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects: As bright as a car headlight / bright light

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Little bright arc, c. Sharp, clearly defined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
   a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
   b. Move slowly? Yes / No / Don't know
   c. Move rapidly? Yes / No / Don't know
   d. Break into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
   e. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
   f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
   g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
   h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing text describing a UFO sighting.

NEW ENGLAND NEWSPAPER AGENCY, INC.
LAWRENCE, MASS.
MAY 16 1965

See Saucer,
Shell Splits

It was a cloudy night, but the stars were visible. The students, four youths and three girls, were leaving a Route 495 drive-in theater in Lawrence, Mass., at 5:20 a.m. Directly overhead in the sky, they saw a "flying saucer" which split into two.

The four students, David Kenney of Lawrence, Mass., Robert Dunkin of Methuen, Mass., and Nancy Dagle of Haverhill, Mass., and Roxanne Dagle of Haverhill, Mass., stated they saw this between 8 and 10 p.m.

Ruth, the driver, confirmed Ruth's slight information. The "object" appeared to be a cloud-like hazy light and appeared to be diving toward the horizon. It then seemed to disappear behind the trees. The students started driving home. David said that later, when they were nearing their homes, the "object" reappeared and seemed to follow them for a short distance and then disappeared.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing a saucer landing incident in Massachusetts.

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY SOURCE: READER NEWS
SAUCER LANDING IN MASSACHUSETTS (?): We piece a question mark here, because in view of other recent landings that
can be fairly well authenticated, it seems odd that we are merely told by two observers in the Massachusetts area that they sighted a UFO at night and watched it land. No photographs are mentioned. There's a story of two youngaters who saw a large UFO in the Lawrence, Mass. area on the night of May 18th. It had flashing lights and what seemed to be a hatch or door opening. The two young observers watched in awe as the object took off again from the field where it had landed. They say it was about 30 feet in diameter, an oval shape, and had a ring of lights around the perimeter. They reported it to police, who apparently found no physical trace. The next day the two returned to the field and found a circular impression, about 15 feet in diameter, and a seared, black spot on the ground. The grass was also flattened and somewhat singed, even bent downward - as if something heavy had been resting there. They reported this to the local police, who were quite interested in the case. Two days later, the observers saw the same or similar object over the same area. Two or three smaller UFOs accompanied it. After a while the large object shot up rapidly, followed by the smaller ones. A military helicopter arrived on the scene, surveying it. The youngsters had been discussing the case with neighbors and had attracted a goodly number of onlookers each time the UFO was seen. That's about all we can say, since we have no further details here on the official disposition of the case.

- page 25 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

WITNESSES:
Richard Kellor (age 32) 
William Hockaday
PLACE:
Bradford Country Club
Piqua, Miami, Ohio
DATE: 
14 May 1965
TIME: Observed 3:00 AM EST
SIGHTING BACKGROUND:
On 22 May 1965, I observed a reddish, glowing, oval-shaped object approximately 30-50 feet in diameter. The object was hovering about 100 feet above the ground. It remained stationary for about 15 minutes, then it accelerated and disappeared from view.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT:
Richard Kellor and Philip Hockaday were playing golf at approximately 3:00 AM EST on 14 May 1965 when they observed a reddish, glowing, oval-shaped object approximately 30-50 feet in diameter hovering about 100 feet above the ground. The object remained stationary for about 15 minutes, then accelerated and disappeared from view. Both witnesses observed the object and were certain it was not an aircraft or any other known object.

- page 26 -

The image contains a map of the Haverdell area, indicating the location of various landmarks and roads. There is no photograph present in this scanned document.

EVALUATION:
Bruce Riechord and Philip appear to be serious levels of the USAF were both present at the observation. They conducted an investigation and provided a detailed account of the incident. 

The object was observed and described by multiple witnesses. The description indicates it was a large, bright object that maneuvered and changed direction rapidly. The sighting lasted for several minutes.

Based on the investigation, the observers and investigators were unable to identify the object as a known aircraft or other explainable phenomenon. The incident is classified as "UNKNOWN" in the evaluation.

The document also includes a sketch map showing the location and sighting directions reported by the witnesses.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a typed text description of a UFO sighting that occurred in Farmington, New Mexico on May 13, 1964.

Farmington, New Mexico, Several residents reported seeing a green object in the sky which appeared to be circular and about the size of a full moon, from 3:26 to 3:28 a.m. on the 13th of May 1964. It finally emitted a puff of smoke and disappeared. The object was not silent but made a sound similar to an airplane or helicopter. When it left, it moved "extra fast" and disappeared rapidly.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information form related to an unidentified aerial phenomenon (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used in connection with the evaluation of your report. It will not be used for any other purpose, nor will any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information if it is deemed necessary. you may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15 MAY 1965 
2. Time of day: 9 Hour A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEAR PIQUA, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 1 Minutes 15 Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY BRIGHT CLEAR
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at it? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your left c. Overhead d. To your right e. Behind you f. Can't remember

FORM FTD OCT 55 164 This form supersedes FTD 164. Jul 61. which is obsolete.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various multiple choice and yes/no questions about the witness's observations of an unidentified object.

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away or any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 May 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

A woman called - and said she had seen a south the road on the sky. We asked for information but no information was given - I so informed him it no information was given.

- page 31 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a young man. The text describes the details of a UFO sighting report, including the location, date, witnesses, and a description of the observed object.

John Beck, a 15 year old student at Robensin School in Ashtabula, Ohio, reported that he saw an unidentified flying object (UFO) on May 17th, 1965. According to the report, Beck and his parents were driving home around 10:30 PM when they noticed a bright light in the sky. The object was round and hovered over a field near Newman Creek and a small lake. Later, two of the neighbors also reported seeing the same object. The report provides further details about the sighting and the investigation that followed.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document reads:

"A Sergeant, New Mexico, Los Alamos, officials and the Police Department were interviewed on this matter by APRO. The Los Alamos Scientific Installation has in past denied any connection with sightings on the State police. No details on the object."

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answer: It moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answer: It moved off:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Shape b. Color Bright white light
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object at the distance of the object. If you had compared this object to the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the color, approximate size, and specifically indicate front.

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY) 
Source: Maj. USAF LETTER # 24, dtd 15 Aug 65

OHIO CHILDREN WITNESS NEAR-LANDING. An unusually interesting clipping reached us telling of an incident that occurred in the early evening of May pan when some children who were playing baseball in a residential neighborhood in Leroy, Ohio, sighted what at first appeared to be a strange, object floating over the area. This object was described as being approximately 25 to 30 feet in diameter and illuminating or glowing a bright white light visible to the children and some adults in the neighborhood. The object was said to descend and touch down briefly, and to have caused interference with the television sets of nearby homes. When the object departed it did so with great rapidity. There were no signs of physical damage or interference noted, but the incident has caused considerable speculation and investigation in the area.

- page 35 -

This document does not contain a photograph, only text. As an OCR system, I will now output the text from the document:

OHIO CHILDREN WITNESS NEAR-LANDING OF UFO 
During the early evening hours of 22 Nov 54, a number of children in the Leroy, Ohio neighborhood reportedly observed a UFO which almost landed on a farm. The UFO was described as being round and silver in color, appearing to be about 40 feet in diameter. It hovered over a field for several minutes before departing at a high rate of speed. The children reported hearing a whirring sound emanating from the object. No landing traces were found. The incident was reported to Project Blue Book.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing a saucer landing incident in Australia.

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY
SOURCE: Saucr Ness September 1965

SAUCER LANDING IN AUSTRALIA: There were reports of a saucer landing outside a hotel on the night of May 23rd. One of the men, named C. W. Tilse, was drawn to the scene by the noise. He observed the saucer which was about 30 feet in diameter and was hovering about 30 feet above the ground. The flying machine looked like an upturned saucer with the top part being just above the horizon. Spotlights were around the main body of the machine, between the base and the top. It made no sound, as is usual. When it left, it did so at very high speed. In a nearby town, witnesses also stated that they had observed the object lift off from the ground, and searched the area with flashlights. There were marks in the ground, but no other physical evidence. The incident has been reported to the Australian Air Force, but so far they have found no such physical evidence to substantiate the story.

- page 37 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY) 24 May 1965
SOURCE: SAUCER NEWS Sept '65 San Carlos, Argent

POLICE SEARCH IN VAIN FOR FLYING SAUCER IN ARGENTINA: An unusually bright light on the ground on the 25th April, 1965 drew attention of many people in the San Carlos. Argentina area. According to Darwin Wilo Miranda, who was hunting in an isolated area, the light was first noticed about 8:30 PM, and police forces from San Carlos and Rawson were dispatched to the area to investigate an unidentified flying object which landed in a field. Miranda saw an object which looked like "an inverted plate" hovering about 50 meters from the ground. After hovering for about 15 minutes, the object took off at high speed and disappeared. The incident was reported to the police. The next morning, under the command of Sgt. Manuel Sosa, a group of several policemen and other officials also dispatched to fly over the zone. However, nothing was found, leaving that the sighting had not materialized.

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document containing a list of UFO sightings and their details.

1 - 30 JUNE 1965 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER
Summer Elmhurst, Texas Civilian
Summer Elmhurst, Illinois Civilian
Summer Dayton, Ohio Civilian
A-3 Bedford, Ohio Military
5-5 Darlington, South Carolina Military
5-8 Suterville, Pennsylvania Military
6-9 Altoona, Pennsylvania Military
6-9 Turkey Military
7-8 Charlottesville, New York Military (RADAR) (VISUAL)
11 Moyne, Ohio Military
11 Montanan, Ohio Military
13-20 Wycliff, Minnesota Military
15 Hollywood, Florida Military
21 Sullivan, Wisconsin Military (PHOTOS) (VISUAL) 
24 Wauwatosa, Wisconsin Military

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASE)
DATE LOCATION SOURCE
Summer Hamilton, Ohio (Ltr)
June Wolcott, Conn. (Ltr)
Summer Van Alstyne, Texas (Ltr)
Summer Oakhurst, N. J. News Clippings
June Dwellassississippi McDivitt & White
10-11 Palm Springs, Calif. News Clipping
23 Daly City, Calif. News Clipping
24 Vincentown & Hampton Lake, N. J. News Clipping
29 Valesoule, France Aeroplane France
30 Monteray, France News Clippings

- page 39 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a page from what appears to be an old UFO report document. The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or survey related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Near telephone (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
c. In open country side? 
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over open country
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No  
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as 1 observed.

The output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) would be:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Near telephone (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airport? 
e. Flying over open country
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as 1 observed.

- page 40 -

The image appears to contain a diagram or illustration rather than a photograph. The diagram depicts the motion of an unidentified object, with instructions for the observer to draw on the diagram to indicate the object's path and any changes in direction.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the high point of the skyline (horizon) where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you say the object. 73"

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 41 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location:

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - First Name, Middle Initial, Last Name 
ADDRESS STATE ROUTE 715 STATION B ROUTE 1, PIQUA, OHIO  
TELEPHONE NUMBER - 
AGE 47 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which you think might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a project blue book report, with handwritten text.

The transcribed text from the document is as follows:

"34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 21 May 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The sighting occurred at about 10:00 PM. I was on a county highway about 1 1/2 miles S of Piqua, Ohio, headed N when the object appeared. It remained in view from 1 to 2 minutes approximately. It was low & moving slowly in a S direction at about the same speed as a car. It was a large flat object, white or gray in color, with no lights that I could see. It did not make any noise & I think was oval in shape. After disappearing over the trees to the S, I did not see it again. I called the Air Force Base at Dayton & reported the sighting but they said they had no other reports of it. I always thought it might have been some kind of aircraft but was not sure. There was no moon out & it was a clear night."

- page 43 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten note on a page from an old UFO report document. The note discusses "1965 sightings" and mentions that a "report was forwarded" regarding the sighting. The note also comments that the sighting was "interesting enough" to take note of.

Please find the text transcribed from the image below:

Please add this to your 1965 sightings. A preliminary official report was forwarded to the commanding officer at the time. The sample form on the back look flying saucer Reg edition. After I saw a page the whole interesting resume.

- page 44 -

