The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
5 JUNE 65 06/04235Z
2. LOCATION
Allentown, Pennsylvania
10. CONCLUSION
IMAGINATION
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
9. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Several Seconds 
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
A TIM with a curved trajectory included, described in response to basic letter reporting other UFO sightings. Form 164 sent in response to basic letter. One additional report this date from Pennsylvania, no additional reports to date from surrounding area. No information that the object increased from several seconds to one minute. It is believed that the object was most likely a TIM (Turkey Inquiry Model) which may cost more to shoot down than to ignore since it posed no threat and was in all probability merely some object that naturally occurred.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a UFO report, which contains text and checkboxes for the witness to fill out.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Bright, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Patchy clouds, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare the brightness to some common object: A ring of silver color in the air of about the diameter of the largest telescope a few blocks in the area.

12. THE EDGE OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply outlined [X], c. Other: Very clear

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes [X], No, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No [X], Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No [X], Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes [X], No, Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes, No [X], Don't know
f. Leave a trail? Yes, No [X], Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No [X], Don't know

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a UFO report.

OCR output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object suddenly disappeared, appearing to rise or climb out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No X Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No X Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what was in front of it:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Remarkable dark hue.
b. Color: Dark hue.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head (if you had proceeded this way at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Approximately 1/3 of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the objects was moving.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about sighting details.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (ND)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes about 5 miles away
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____3_____

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. On an airplane (type) __________
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? X
c. In the open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city or country?
f. Over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _______________ Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

A silhouette of a small airplane or silvery balloon at a distance.

- page 4 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page, only illustrations and text. 

The text on the page reads:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. A great big brigh light (?green) in area covered with light clouds. No beams. No wings. Hovering or rocking up and down at times. Seemed to be around 500 ft altitude. Was approx. 1/4 mile away and seen for about 2-3 minutes.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Cannot give any names, People on the street next door for thomas and Betty and more 

32. Please give the following information about yourself. 

NAME Address Telephone Number Age Sex

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

Well, I have some information I can give you about the moon. I was interested in space and the moon from a very early age. I still have a certain fascination with it because of its mystique. And I have always felt there was more to it that meets the eye. 

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object? 6-4-65 called 

Day Month Year

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document with handwritten text.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  September 23  1965
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I share your notification of all the sightings. Mention to the different departments, but they were men acknowledged before. I also notified our local newspapers to other news sightings. If you can tell me anything about it that I can be guided to.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Duke University Parapsychology Laboratory, addressed to Mrs. [redacted] of Allentown, Pennsylvania. The document appears to be a letter thanking her for sending the laboratory an account of her "unexplained experiences" and stating that the laboratory is grateful for her reports, which they would welcome further such reports from her and her friends.

Text from the document:
Duke University
THE PARAPSYCHOLOGY LABORATORY
Mailgram station
Durham, North Carolina
Nov. 25, '59

Mrs. [redacted]
Allentown, Pennsylvania

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

Thank you for sending this laboratory an account of your unexplained experiences. I wish it were possible to reply personally to all who wrote, but the response to the request has been so extensive that this is not practicable.

These occurrences from everyday life are the spontaneous events to which science has given us some of our main clues for research. While we do not try to draw final conclusions from such data, we do use them in an effort to throw light on the nature of man. We are grateful, therefore, for your reports, which are of course confidential and which welcome other you may have or may persuade your friends to send us.

Unfortunately our research is not yet at a stage at which answers to all the questions raised are available. However, if you are interested in reading something more about our work, we would be glad to send you an introductory pamphlet and a list containing references for further reading.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a handwritten letter or document, but there is no photograph present in this particular page.

Transcribing the text in the document:

June 7-65
Dear Mr. McManus,
I don't know what information that I have regarding an aerial object. I have not observed any physical object. The story I recounted was what I heard from the neighbors, as an anecdotal account. I don't believe I can substantiate the story. On Saturday night about 11:00 p.m. I was in my back yard. I got some friends to come over and we observed the moon and also the morning star (planet) straight ahead. We saw no unusual objects in the sky, and all of a sudden the sky lighted up, and my wife said "did you see that?" I did not see anything unusual. Perhaps this was some natural phenomenon, and does not represent a secondhand account then turned into more, again. I hope this clears up the matter. Please let me know if you need any additional information.
(Signed)

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten report or document. The text in the document describes an observation of a strange object in the sky, describing its appearance and movement. The document appears to be part of a Project Blue Book report.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

"Starting this seemed a strange air this passing plane in a second the object far over into a field dun. The object blacked a gleden sun, about the size of a nickel held at arm's round, like an orange, but more rounded, of a lighter color, and hovering, still over the same spot, just moves up and down slightly, with nothing seen outside the object."

- page 10 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, but no photographic image. The diagram appears to depict some kind of schematic or conceptual representation, with various shapes, lines, and annotations.

FAST
8:15 P.M. ALLENTOWN, PA.
Witness Reports "Object Circular in Shape With Flashing Lights", Description and Sketch Attached.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten and typed text that has been heavily redacted or obscured, likely due to the sensitive nature of the content.

OUTPUT OF SCANNED TEXT:

F. L. ALLEN, ASST. to 02. 7:56 A.M.
Subject: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
1. On the date of 5 JUN 65, this office received a report of a sighting of an unidentified flying object.
2. The following information was obtained:
OBSERVER IDENTIFICATION:
NAME: VICTOR GUENGERICH 
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
3. LOCATION OF OBSERVATION: Allentown, Pennsylvania
4. DATE AND TIME OF OBSERVATION: 5 JUN 65, 0120 hours
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: Approximately 30 minutes
6. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: Bright, flashing light, "Bluish-white" in color, circular in shape, moving at a slow rate.
7. DIRECTION OF MOVEMENT: Hovering, then moving in a northerly direction.
8. ALTITUDE: Estimated at 500 to 1,000 feet.
FURTHER DETAILS: [REDACTED]

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 5 Jun 65, Allentown, Pennsylvania

TO: Hq USAF SAFOID (Mrs Hunt)
WB5D C 50330

1. This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from Miss [redacted] collected in a suggested reply: Allentown.

a. Dear Miss [redacted]

Your letter to Secretary McNamara has been forwarded to the Air Force. This is not possible to provide a final conclusion or 100% solution, as the total duration of the sighting, variation in apparent speed of the object, and altitude variations do not permit the detailed physical location and direction to be precisely determined.

In the absence of this necessary information it seems possible that the observed trajectory may have been a fireball.

In order to make a firm evaluation on your observation, it is requested that you fill out the attached FTD Form 142. The witness' statement that the object was perfectly round which, if true, rules out the above hypothesis. Therefore, request that your office forward this FTD Form 142 with a letter to MISS.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy For Technology 
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typed document or report. I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image and provide the output.

MAR 9 1966
Mr. A. Hunt/man/SAFOLFV/72 Sep 65
SEP 7 1965

[Redacted text]

Allentown, Pennsylvania
ID BY (Office Symbol) MAG 4 MAG 4 Y
80-CP-274
Complete By SARO: OCR 27 S SAROI-1
Analyzed by SAROI-2
Sightback SAPO1-2

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Dear Miss ___, 

Your letter to the Secretary of Defense regarding unidentified flying objects has been referred to this office for evaluation.

The following information is needed before an evaluation can be made of your reports:

a: Total duration of the sighting.
b: Variation in apparent speed of the object.
c: The time it took to execute the curved position of the flight.
d: The radius of curvature of the trajectory.

It is requested that you complete the attached PID FORM 164 as fully as possible and return it to this office so that we can make a firm evaluation of your report.

Sincerely,
JOHN E. SPAULDING
Colonel, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
PID FORM 164

ALLENTOWN, Pennsylvania

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any publication or public disclosure of the information, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? June 25, 1965  

2. Time of day: 9:30 A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): Eastern, Central, Mountain, Pacific, Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? On my ranch - 1 / 4 
mile from Allentown, Pennsylvania

5. How long was object in sight? 5 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Definitely
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY: a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT: a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right

- page 16 -

