The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 22 March 1965
2. LOCATION: Peekskill, N.Y.
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: While watching TV
7. COURSE: Not Reported
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document.

OCR Output:
the car on the near side of the road was directly in line with the object in the sky* A was
observed that the object was oval in shape and appeared to be rotating or tumbling
as it moved slowly across the sky* The object appeared to be about the size of the
full moon and was a bright white in color* It moved at a steady pace and made no
sound that could be heard from the ground* The object was observed for about 15
minutes as it slowly moved out of sight to the south* It was reported that one or
more persons in the car also observed the object*

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of a document or letter.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

COPY

Locki and and Mass 
Mar 30, 65

Dear Mr. President:

I am very interested in UFO's. Would you send me all the reports possible?

Another boy and I are starting a search. On March 24, 1965, we heard a noise and looked out the window. We saw a great big white light, much brighter than a very full moon. It had two instruments and was hovering and then started to move information.

Sincerely,

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum from the Department of the Air Force, addressed to the Director of Legislative Liaison, SAF-OS, regarding information on UFOs. The memorandum is dated 19 April 1965 and is signed by William H. Huntley, Jr., Colonel, USAF, Chief, Community Relations Division, Office of Information.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

19 April 1965

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON, SAF-OS
ATTENTION: COLONEL FGC

SUBJECT: UFOs

The attached information is forwarded on which to
base a reply to Mrs. A. Eddington, Bridgton, Massachusetts.

WILLIAM H. HUNTLEY, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Info on UFOs

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document reads:

The investigation of unidentified flying objects reported in the skies over the United States is the responsibility of the Air Force. The name of this project is Blue Book. A copy of this report is attached.

In 15 years of investigating over 9000 reports of unidentified flying objects, the evidence has proved beyond reasonable doubt that all reported aerial phenomena have been objects either created and sent aloft by man, generated by atmospheric conditions, or caused by celestial bodies or the residue of meteoric activity.

There has never been any evidence that UFOs reported to the Air Force represented extraterrestrial vehicles. No such object reported to the Air Force has given any indication of a threat to the United States nor has any evidence been presented that any unidentified flying object exhibited characteristics beyond the scope of current technical or scientific knowledge.

The Air Force will continue to investigate all reports of unusual aerial phenomena over the United States. The evaluations and conclusions reached by the Air Force will be released to the public.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using optical character recognition (OCR):

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Lexington, Massachusetts, 24 Mar 65

TO: Rg USAF SAPOR-CC (Maj D. E. Gosso)
WASHINGTON, D C 20330

This office is in receipt of a letter from an individual in Lexington, Massachusetts addressed to the President of the United States concerning a UFO observation on 24 March 1965. The individual mentioned that he observed an object at approximately 7:30 pm and requested that the report be forwarded to proper evaluators. His letter did not contain sufficient information for evaluation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

MAJOR QUINTANILLA, JR.
CHIEF, AERIAL PHENOMENA
BRANCH

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a letter.

Dear Mr. _____,
In reply to your letter to President Johnson, you related that you sighted an aerial object on 3 December 1964 near Peekskill, New York. The details of your report have been carefully reviewed, and I am pleased to inform you that your report has been fully evaluated and returned to the files.
Sincerely,
Lexington, Massachusetts

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form or questionnaire to be filled out by an observer.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Rain, d. Drizzle, e. Snow, f. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Fuzzy or blurred, d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) YES NO DON'T KNOW
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know
g. Flush or flick on and off? Yes No Don't know

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which seems to be a questionnaire or form used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object/phenomenon that you have observed. Please complete this form to many questions as you can. The information that you provide may assist in conclusions or publications without your permission. We request that you furnish as much detail as possible so that we may conduct further investigation.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
 a. Certain
 b. Fairly certain
 c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was the object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
 a. Hazy
 b. Bright
 c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
 (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a UFO report, with a series of questions and response fields.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound, b. Color.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc.; and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying in an airplane?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _________

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document states:

"W/R: On 25 Mar 65 Peekskill, New York called. He said he had a sighting to report. He saw the Gemini launch on television on 23 Mar 65 and saw some strange objects. He went on and on about believing in flying saucers and would not listen to anything that Major Quintanilla had to say, he kept insisting that we were keeping things secret and should make it known that these vehicles were extraterrestrial and under intelligent control."

- page 12 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, which is a questionnaire form.

Transcribed text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE [Redacted] SEX [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day ______ Month ______ Year ______

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. It contains a sketch showing the path of an object, as well as a compass rose, but no photograph. 

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Please an "A" on the compass rose to show the direction from which you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass rose to show the direction in which you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a form or questionnaire with blank space provided for the observer to write their response to the question "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting."

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document. There is no photograph present in this image.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object you have observed. This information will be useful for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, and other publicity without your permission. We request that this personal information be treated as confidential.

1. When did you see the object? 23 March  Year 1965

2. Time of day: 6:15 Hour Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific 

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Peekskill N.Y.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 7 Minutes Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: NIGHT:
a. Clear a. Clear
b. Partly Cloudy b. Partly Cloudy
c. Overcast c. Overcast

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One)
a. In front of you
b. To your right
c. Behind you
d. To your left
e. Don't remember

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing a form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object or phenomenon.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Don't remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. Don't remember - pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Partly obscured clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edge of the object was: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember
Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change course or speed? Yes No Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and text fields for the witness to fill out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes No (Circle One) If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes No (Circle One) If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country/field? d. Flying over a city? e. Flying over open country? f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Binoculars Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Telescope Yes No f. Theodolite Yes No g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 19 -

The image appears to contain a compass diagram and instructions related to observing and describing the motion of unidentified objects in the sky. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to UFO sightings.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month Year

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire with handwritten responses.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
     Day  Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

1. Sighting took place at Peekskill, New York.
2. The object observed was a large red-orange object or ball of light hovering in the sky. It appeared to be in motion but remained in one general area for the duration of the observation, which lasted approximately 15 minutes. The object was reported to emit sparks or flashes of light at times.

- page 22 -

