The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a document from Project 10073 Record, displaying information about an unidentified object sighting that occurred on July 6, 1965 in Kiel, Wisconsin. The document provides details about the location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, physical evidence, and a brief summary and analysis of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6 July 1965 07/033302
2. LOCATION: Kiel, Wisconsin 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Less than One Minute
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: East
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observing that looked like a shooting star. Object moved in orbit across the sky. Had a flashing light blinking on and off as it crossed the zenith. Complete flight took less than one minute. DIFFICULTY FOR an M/C. Same size as a star.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document.

N.A.S.A.
Washington, D.C.

To whom it may concern:

It was suggested to me by a local High School teacher that I write a letter to you and find some sort of an explanation of what I saw in the sky on July 7, 1965. First of all, let me say that we live away from the town, so I have a clear view of the sky. I am much interested in the matter, and the Satellites--whenever the Scho for the past five (or six) years--whenever I chance to spot it going over, I have watched it with the aid of a time-table published in some local paper, but lately, there being no time-tables published, I go out at various times, and a lot of the time I spot it, so I watch it go over. Last night it appeared to be about 6:30 when I chanced to spot it, and when it was directly overhead, I happened to look to the West, and up over the horizon appeared what at first looked like a shooting star--but with the light flashing off and on, and it moved in a complete orbit across the sky, passing the Scho when it was just past the zenith. I watched it until it disappeared in the Eastern horizon--all this took with seemed to be less than a minute. It was definitely not an airplane--jet or otherwise, I've seen enough of them go over at night to know one. It was the same size as a star, with a regular flashing of light--off and on, while moving across the sky, worth of doing this for any worth as-good-as-mine basket, but I've at least told someone about it. I'm hoping this won't be ignored completely, and that I may get some sort of an answer.

Yours sincerely,
REDACTED
Kiel, Wisconsin 53042

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PFD (TEST) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433 
27 July 1965

Dr. J. Allen Hynek 
The Northwestern College Observatory
Go Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Allen:

Recent your evaluation on the following cases:

1. UFO observation - 7 Jul 65, Kiel, Wisconsin
2. See image 72-662 radar 30 SAAC, Oatdale A.F.S., Pa., observation - 6 Jul 65, Meadowport, Pennsylvania.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book. The page shows a mailing envelope addressed to the "U.F.O." in Washington D.C., with a postmark date of "JUL 7 1965" and various handwritten annotations.

KIEL, WISCONSIN 53042
N.A.S.A.
WASHINGTON D.C.
U.F.O.
MAO

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text describing a UFO sighting and investigation.

UFO Case: Report on phone call to Mrs. Kiel, Wisconsin, October 18, 1955, 15-20 minutes.

She had sent a letter to NASA and had received a reply to the effect that the letter was being referred to her former and then-often happy and very grateful to have a response: very glad that someone had bothered to make any kind of reply at all. She feels that her tiny money does some good!

The sighting was actually July 6, 1955, rather than July 7, because she got out her diary while I talked with her, and she knows it was July 6 because they had a frost that night. How you have frosts in July, I don't know, but she says they did. At any rate, the following was as described:

She's very fond of watching the satellites go by and makes quite a practice of watching the sky. This evening she watched them, and as dusk was getting toward the zenith, she glanced to the west quite low on the horizon where about as old as people sit down when they see a little brighter, but it was pulsating as though somebody were turning a dimmer switch on and off. It was about one flash per second, or somewhat less. 

No other colored lights visible, but this object, she said, did not go straight across the sky but followed a circular course. There was absolutely no sound whatever, and the sky was very clear.

It traversed the area way across to quite low in the east, so total of perhaps 1 90° in less than a minute. It stopped then and hovered, and the motion was completely stalled out. She said the "balloon" was expanding and the winds were approximately 30-35 miles per hour--on a calm night, no less--and the object was just hanging there.

She was, however, positive that there was no moon, but at 9:30 p.m. this event took place. It should have been moonlight somewhere in the southwest. She doesn't remember the stars either, but she didn't say the sky was very clear. Perhaps she just took the moon and stars for granted!

Her own observation: She is the "salt of the earth" type, not boasting any particular education, but nonetheless, quite articulate and well spoken. She wanted to know when she could see the object again. The light did not vary in average brightness, and there was no red, green, or other colored lights at any time, just a whitish light, familiar with both props and jets that fly by, and with their lights, and with their notions and that this definitely was not a plane.  Furthermore, she says planes fly straight across the sky and do not follow the diurnal arc of the heavens.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter from J. Allen Hynek, Director, to Mrs. [redacted] of Kiel, Wisconsin, dated October 25, 1955.

The text of the letter is as follows:

October 25, 1955

Mrs. [redacted]
Kiel, Wisconsin

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

I forgot to ask one important point in talking to you the other night. Which of the objects, both or the light you saw, closest to the earth? A careful eyewitness points, and in many cases, how close to the earth.

Thank you for your cooperation.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAII:sr

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book report, detailing an UFO sighting that occurred on July 6, 1965 in Kiel, Wisconsin.

KIEL, WISCONSIN 
6 JULY 1965

Observer was outside looking at the sky at approximately 2130 when she noticed an object which first looked like a shooting star, but the flight was flashing on and off. ECHO I was visible in the sky at this time and this object moved in orbit across the sky passing ECHO I as it crossed the zenith. The object disappeared in the east after having been visible for less than a minute. Its size was comparable with a star and was pulsating as though somebody was turning a flashlight on and off. It was about one flash per second, or somewhat less. There were no other colored lights visible. There was no sound whatever, and the sky was very clear. It traversed the entire sky from west to quite low in the east, a total of perhaps 150° in less than a minute.

COMMENTS
Due to the reported data a meteor and a balloon is completely ruled out. 
The observer was positive there was no moon, but at 2130 the moon, being at first quarter, should have been in the southwest. The observer was positive that the object was not an aircraft because she can definitely identify such. The statement that the objects followed the "circle of the heavens" was stressed by the witness. Due to the available information, the case is carried as unidentified by the Air Force. A satellite is a logical explanation; however, the available data does not warrant such an explanation.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UFO Report: Mrs. ___, Kiel, Wisconsin, phone call.

Sorry I can't identify this for you, but the woman's story was simple and straightforward. She saw a brilliant light from the southwest to eastern horizons in the sky, and a small red light on the object that was as big as Keno. She said, she would have mistaken it for Keno, except that this was pulsating rapidly. However, even if this were a possible explanation, it did not flash on and off like a flashlight being switched on and off, as I don't know where we were.

One of the outstanding things in this sighting is the repetition of the fact that the object followed the circle of the horizon and did not cross the sky in a straight line. I neglected to ask her how close to the zenith it passed, but will drop her a note and ask.

This sighting is similar to the McKeesport, Pennsylvania sighting which was made the previous night, except that those lights were quite slow moving. Just a case of too many lights in the sky that don't belong there.

- page 8 -

