The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document from the U.S. Air Force's historical program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: September 5, 1965
2. LOCATION: Carson City, Nevada
10. CONCLUSION: Classified (Undisclosed)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Circular 4400 pounds object, color - bright or slightly reflecting, suddenly accelerated and shot into the sky vertically at a high rate of speed. No sound was reported. The object was at an elevation of about 70 degrees and was in sight for about 10-15 seconds. The incident occurred in the daytime. There was no physical evidence.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document with text content.

Transcribing the text:

NO CASE: Information Only
ROUND: Flying Saucer Review 
NOV-DEC 63

Knock-out Blow at Felixstowe

[UNDER the heading "UNDER THE HEADING KNOCK-OUT BLOW AT FELIXSTOWE" there is a lengthy text describing an encounter with an unidentified flying object. The text discusses the sighting by a driver and his passenger, and their experience of the object hovering above their car and causing a temporary blackout or knockout effect.]

There was a high-pitched humming noise, and the entire car seemed to have stilled and collapsed. This was described in the opening paragraph. The text then goes on to describe the location near where Paul Green (as mentioned in a previous article) had also encountered an unidentified flying object. The report states that Dr. Finch, a professional investigator, looked into the case. It also mentions the 25-year-old driver of the car in which the incident occurred. The text then describes the timing of the incident around 10:30 p.m. and the reactions of the witnesses. The report concludes by stating that the author himself wondered where the car window to see the object was pointing, and he looked but could not determine the car window's orientation relative to the object.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scan of a page from a Project Blue Book report. The page appears to contain handwritten notes and measurements related to a sighting, including details about the object's speed, altitude, and heading.

PAGE 4 RUNNING 1
2.22/"

3.00 DEGREE 2.5 KNOTS
3.30"* 3.00 DEGREE 2.5 KNOTS
3.50" 3.50 DEGREE 4.0 KNOTS
4.12" NOT AVAILABLE
(3) NONE
(4) 2" TO 3"
(5) 1/4" AT 8000'
(6) NONE
(7) STC 35 DEGREE CG PAST 3 HR AV 1 DEGREE C
0639 PLUS 17 DEGREE F
0 CST M PLUS 5 DEGREE C
1324M MINUS 4 DEGREE C
2.23M MINUS 15 DEGREE C
3.2SM MINUS 33 DEGREE C
5.2SM MINUS 43 DEGREE C
N. SMALL DUST DEVIL SIGHTED AT APPROXIMATELY 21.52 NG QUAD 4
HILLS FROM VANC AFB.
1. NONE
2. NUMEROUS FORMATION FLIGHTS IN LOCAL AREA.
3. CASE OPERATIONS OFFICER OBSERVED, IS CONSIDERED RELIABLE.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

RR RUGER
DE RU 22116 23
JLCV URGENT
R 232025Z
FM BEVERLINGUS VANB 4T COMLA
TO RUEGVRVANGENT COL

RUEFFLEAIST AM DEN RICHARDS-GEBAUE
RUDESRFSC GPOLIEN LUC DIV IPATIC
RUEBRVATZ USW, FAN 2ISTORY DE
RUCGVAGC TO WASHINTCN DO

UNCLAS PT-DC 2212 AIR 23
REFERENCE YOUR CONF ID SPECIAL MESSAGE PT-DC 2212 DELIVERED
DOWNTOWN TO UNCLASFIED. JOD CONCERN REQUEST
HAVE BE WITHHELD TO IT F*

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PAGE 5 FLUGUK 1-45
PREPARING OFFICERS PERSONS INTERVIEWED AS TO CREDIBILITY OF
OBSERVERS ARE ALSO CONSIDERED RELIABLE, AND THEIR JUDGEMENT. THE
OBSERVERS DECIDE BELIEVES THERE ARE TWO POSSIBLE EXPLANATIONS
FOR THE UFO SIGHTING: (A) THE OBJECTS COULD HAVE BEEN A
FORMATION OF AIRCRAFT CIRCLING AT GREAT DISTANCE FROM THE OBSERVER
OR (B) THE OBJECTS MAY BE EXPLAINED AS BRIGHT OBJECTS CAUGHT IN A
SHALL WHIRLING AND KEPT ALOFT BY HOT GASES (222 DEGREE C) EMANATING
BY OIL REFINERY SMOKESTACKS LOCATED IN THE AREA OVER WHICH THE UPOS
WERE REPORTED. INTERVIEW WITH OIL REFINERY SUPERINTENDENT
REVEALED THAT LARGE CHUNKS OF FOAM ARE OCCASIONALLY BLOWN INTO
THE AIR FROM REFINERY COOLING TANKS. ACCORDING TO THIS SUPERINTENDENT,
IT IS ALSO POSSIBLE THAT DEBRIS SUCH AS 2 1/2" SMOKE
STACKS ON THE REFINERY COMPLEX. CONTACT WITH PILOTS OF AIRCRAFT
ALOFT AT THE TIME OF SIGHTING REVEALED NO EVIDENCE OF UFO'S.
CONSULTATION WITH VANCE CLOUSTON, FORECASTER, REVEALED NO
UNUSUAL WEATHER PHENOMENA IN THE AREA. FORECASTERS ALSO STATED THERE
WAS NO UNUSUAL METEOROLOGICAL ACTIVITY AT THE TIME. CONTACT
WITH TOWER OPERATOR AT VANCE REVEALED SIGHTING OF SMALL
BALLS OF LIGHT 4 MILES IN OF VANCE ARE AT SIGHTING TIME. SPOKESMAN
OF CREW SITE AT TINKER AFB REVEALED NO UNUSUAL SIGHTINGS OVER
SAID AT THE TIME.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

At 8:40 PM on July 31, 1965 a Washoe County, Nevada police officer reported an unidentified flying object NE of Carson City. Simultaneous radar fixes were obtained by Tinker AFB, Oklahoma City, and Cannon AFB, Clovis, New Mexico. The officer observed the object with his binoculars for approximately 10 minutes and observed its movements: it hovered, moved up and down and laterally, then accelerated and disappeared from sight more than a mile away. As "intelligent control" was indicated during the first 10 minutes of observation when the object remained stationary, the estimated size of the object was confirmed by radar to be 10,000 ft., observed at 3,000 ft. The object remained stationary for several minutes and abruptly lost appearance when it accelerated to approximately 1000-1500 ft and returned to the original location. At which time the object moved to the east for approximately 10,000-15,000 ft and disappeared. The night sky was clear and many stars were visible. The object appeared to be about three times the size of the evening star. The UFO was estimated to be more than a mile NE of Officer **** and appeared as a "light" source. The object itself was white with a blue-green center, with a red rotating light circling the center (blinking 3-4 times per second). At approximately 1:15 Officer **** drove across town and again observed the object at approximately 1:30 AM. The object now hovering was same color and rotating light, commanded to change colors, and shape and fade out. Both Tinker AFB and Cannon AFB tracked the object to a point 15 miles southwest of Carson City, Nevada. A few minutes later, it was tracked on radar for a distance of 250 miles south of Tinker when it was lost again. A "brighter" silhouette was also noted.

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain diagrams and drawings rather than any photographs. 

Drawing A shows a diagram with labeled distances, indicating that the object was sighted at an altitude of 1,000-1,500 feet and was approximately 3,000 feet away from the observer.

Drawing B shows a diagram with a red rotating light and the colors blue-green and white.

Drawing C shows a map-like diagram with locations labeled such as "Oklahoma City", "Midwest City", "Tinker AFB", "Norman", and "Wynnewood".

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

in the vicinity of Wynnewood at 8,000 ft was notified but the
airline pilot said no visual contact with the object was made.
Officer A and a Ms. mother, Mrs. also watched the ob-
server for a short time. They also reported that the object zipped
out.

Drawing A
Gained 1000-1500
ft
Object 
less 500ft

Drawing B
red rotating light

Drawing C
Oklahoma City
Midwest City, Tinker AFB
Norman
Purdy le
valley
Wynnewood

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

ALLEGED INVESTICATIONS

I first learned of the Wynnewood sighting at 9:00 when a police captain told me he had observed an unidentified object going southwest. Within an hour I arrived at the Wynnewood Police Station and talked with the chief of police who showed me the first information he had received from a C.P.O. and reported it to be "strange". I called Mr. Pryor, another of the officers who stated that they had no previous knowledge that anyone in town had observed any unidentified object. Police suggested that we go over the case in detail. When a reported from Ada, Oklahoma was talking to his wife and child and stated he could not be disturbed. I told them that I had the official report on this case and after you give us any information you may have, I was permitted to enter the home and talked about 10 times. They had observed something in the sky and Tulsa. While I was there a reported from the Sunday Oklahoma City, when said to Oklahoma City stated he had been there and I talked with him. He asked me to call him as soon as a returned to Oklahoma City when I could enter the case in detail. He did not want to return to work (works the night shift - could have) informing. He has been with the for about 3 years. He believed the object to be a aircraft. He has served in the Army and knows what the objects were and to report all objects that they observe. But not much about the UFO if it in general. At first he would not talk but after I told him I have the official and Army report on this case and after you give us any information you may have. I was permitted to enter the home and talked about 10 times. They had observed something in the sky and Tulsa. While I was there a reported from the Sunday Oklahoma City, when said to Oklahoma City stated he had been there and I talked with him. He asked me to call him as soon as a returned to Oklahoma City when I could enter the case in detail. He did not want to return to work (works the night shift - could have) informing. He has been with the for about 3 years. He believed the object to be a aircraft. He has served in the Army and knows what the objects were and to report all objects that they observe. But not much about the UFO if it in general. At first he would not talk but after I told him.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten annotations.

1. 1 July 33, 1955
2. 1:05 AM
3. Geneva, Ohio
4. Wynewood, Oklahoma 
5. First observed at 1:05. It was light to approximately 2:50.
6. He was watching the object continuously, he did not left.
7. Night very clear
8. Stars - G
9. Mood - crescent 
10. Clouds - 0   
11. Weather-Clear night with no clouds
11. B 3 times as bright 
11.a Evening star (5 times as bright)
13. 5 yes
13. a yes
c. no 
d. no
e. no
f. yes
g. yes    ( his wire said yes, he said no)
14. Faded out and reappeared
15. No
16. No
17. Sound - None
18. Color - White-red and blue-green
19. See drawing B
20. No
21. Estimated to be some 5,000 miles from observer
22. b
23. L b c
24. D
24. 2 20-25 mph
24a. Zig zag for about three minutes  
25. all no
26. You should receive the two page typed report (which I read)
27. Object was at 205-215 for point A and b
Object was at 80-85 for point A & B

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:
23. See drawing a -
29. --
30. No
31. Your wife, sother observed from house
32. Lynewood, Oklahoma
33. Telephone exchange
Age 26, Male, White
35. Object was reported to the Murray County Sheriff's office who
reported it to the Oklahoma Highway Patrol.
36. Information compiled from the photos of the area were obtained by
of the area were obtained by

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

We arrived back in Oklahoma City at 3:00 at stopped at the Oklahoma publishing company and talked with Mr. Frank Garner (who I had visited to on the phone iiiailoweea) No article at Mr. Wayne Mackey's State Editor of the Oklahoma man was observed and only at 3:15 on July 30. He compared then to the 1952 coast guard photo- will find out more about this one later. I was home at 3:15 and called Michael KITTY CHE's Oklahoma City and let him know what I saw which was already on the streets at 7:00 by Purnell Co. TV (KBO) 17 called and arranged a interview for the 5:30 show. As stated that the incident for September 27 was do a feature story (Lie show) about the UFORC and the recent sightings. His photographerlock about to call. He was representing KVOO Tulsa, Oklahoma, and they stated the interview Sunday at 3:00. About 20 minutes before he called, Phill Erdberg called and wanted an interview for Monday at 5:00 with photo: Oklahoma. I have written to this September to reports of UFO's over Oklahoma in the past two weeks. I will send all the interviews information. It appears that this object was also sighted over Oklahoma City on Wednesday July 31, 1953 is Approximately 3:30. Color shaped and maneuvers are the same. Received this report the 25th.

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. It appears to be a typed document containing text related to a UFO sighting report.

Oklahoma City IICUPO August 16 2
Information received from the Oklahoma Highway Patrol at the CHIP
lower Oklahoma City.

At 6455 p.m. the GHP tower received in the neighborhood of 35- 
20 visual sightings were made by police and highway patrol troopers
of various colors flying through the area. These passed over the Norman Area. to 
Chandler and back South through Meaker and Shawnee. (all in Oklahoma)
Three Civilian officers stated that they saw four of the objects in 
sight at this time. Also another has a dropped up from the South 
on a course apparently close to fly directly over Shawnee.
The sightings vary from one to four objects, blinking, flashing, in 
a reddish color and varying in speed, and blue lights brighter. Shawnee
reports the object seem to be flying in a diamond type formation. 
During the period the two larger objects were observed by the South east
Cushing and two the West flying in a Southerly direction. GHP
stated one light was at Davenport and two at Chandler also reported 
11 miles West od Davenport on US 66 watched an object which was
described as rotating on a horizontal bottom and where on top were for
15 minutes and move off to the West. Closest APB is 20 - 25 radar
and they advise they are attempting to have approximate 12,000 feet
which seems to coincide with the visual sightings. All very high.
USAF Weather Vishal report at Milan, Illinois RAOB at 9:30 over Owers
"Instrument temperature dropped approximately 12 degrees Celsius on 
the ATS. Carl Broadfot, Liberal Kansas reported similar UFO 
25 miles North of Liberal, Kansas 11:00pm.
Highway Patrol said the same object was over OLTON five minutes 
later, described as a bright white star-like object flying SWED. The
Clovis police dispatcher, G.V. Darnall police lieutenant, verified 
the sight about 22:00 hours, as reported by Tico Wagner 1415 Lakecrest, Norman, Oklahoma at 10:00 p.m. Mr.
Allen Salle Tulsa air 3:20 p.m., OFUFA. reported at 16255 p.m. Hineral Wells, Texas
had had a bright a red & blue object was west of Tulsa, traveling in a
North-to- South Direction. The 1790 was found 71/2 a few miles 
that keep going off and on. Est. 8-10,000 ft. Not on radar Fuller.
Police officer watching by ACTON and said blinking approx.2 miles
South of Sand Springs.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with text and some handwritten notes.

OCR OUTPUT:

NO CASE:
25-6R-1965

(continued from page 4)

This is as much as I can tell you at the present time concerning the case. Several interesting points emerge from this report. First, the witnesses apparently saw something which they could not identify as a known aircraft, and it displayed some unusual features. The fact that the object was seen by two persons at the same time, with their descriptions generally agreeing, lends some credence to the report. However, the variation in their estimates of the object's size and distance from their location, as well as the fact that no photographs were taken, make it impossible to arrive at a definite conclusion concerning the nature and identity of the object. The fact that it was seen for only a short period of time, and that the witnesses were not close to it, weakens the case somewhat from the standpoint of obtaining conclusive data. Overall, this report, while of interest, does not provide enough information to warrant a firm judgment as to the identification or origin of the object.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. 

Mr. Jesse Upchurch of Marshall Oklahoma called and advised that from 9:30 p.m. 9-8-65 he hit his windshield observed a radish ball of fire turn to blue than to white, traveling in a westerly direction across a partially cloudy sky. Appeared as a very large house. RAYMON REXRODE about 5 miles east of St. Hill which was red and blue and silver in color traveling north about 25,000 ft. Moved too fast to pick it up on radar. Time Approx: 9:30 p.m. The residents of the QUICK AIRPORT JUNCTION reported a strange object with fire coming from the rear, was very high and traveling east in a straight line. The object appeared to be about 30 feet in diameter. H.C. Neil (newspaper Edmund Oklahoma) and Joe Cobb Edmund police officers were at the bridge over Spunk Creek about 5 miles East of Wellston and saw a UFO that was very high and "doing maneuvers". The two UFOs were red-white and orangey white red in color. One was about 50 miles South of Lindsay at 10,000 feet has been blinking lights in the middle skyway and one about 30 miles North over 75 at very fast rate of speed. Sub. Swinney Smith, Smart McDaniel two highway patrolmen at Sherman Texas, Jet Drivers saw a very fast object come to a complete stop. Exploded then clirred off in flames. One UFO North over Oklahoma City a round flashing light was observed and to be hovering south from PAUL VALLEY as the object blinking light, the middle was green on the side and blue on the other side. Speed: 10,825. Radio Tech. OHP Northwest Field: 3220 N.W. 30 OKC reported positively that the UFO flying West to East. One UFO to the East moving South.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribed text from the document:

3:30 UFO South West of Tulsa over Sapulpa Oklahoma
Had Gardner, Valley Inn Motel Rm 222. Stationary for 10 minutes.
13:55 UFO directed toward ENID, OKLAHOMA. 14:00 MIDNIGHT 1962
UFO Dallas reported thousands of sightings over Oklahoma.
13:21 UFO over 21 miles. Sighted by GHP unit 6 miles over YUKON,
South 5 miles visible to ground observers. Also sighted from GHP tower NORMAN.  This was the UFO I watched with six officers.
15:37 Little white sphere, 15 ft diameter. UFO reported over Northwest Oklahoma City. 23rd & May, 6:45 pm well as by the water tower on 263 NW EXPRESSWAY. GUSHING Oklahoma. Two police officers saw a UFO over the hill 12:30 to 12:45 two GHP units watching 2 UFOs for high.
15:19 NORMAN Watching 2 UFOs flying. LAWTON 13:40 two UFOs near
WAURIKA also resident reports several UFO over the city. 8:45
MCDER. 16:30-17:00 Sub Will Norman Willa 0053 Noringuette Norman
reports two miles East Part and Dewey road Norman, Oklahoma.
Over McAleater BILLINGS, OKLAHOMA 16:30 middle. Radio Station Station
reported a talk with the Pentagon. 13:03 DAWES unit 22 reported a UFO traveling north of SAN ANTENO L. 13:05 WYMAN US EDMUND NW and GAS West of Stillwater. 13:13 UFO reported NW of EDMOND
Lt Goms US 40HP Stillwater UFO reported NW of EDMOND MARCH 1:22
UFO over MCALISTER. 13:24 WEYO KS. 12:39 L.C. DURANT. Same description-
13:39 WETOKE 12:0 miles South Tulsa Air Base 15,000 Feet. CLAYTON
moving Eastward. 1:30 Shawnee star like object flashing red-light
1:34 Tinker AFO Officer official with GHF Weaper. Home phone 78
713 Stillwater Air Force Investigating. 1:39 Fuller, Texas reported.
1:29 witnesses with him at home base, and appeared to be Thirty shaped
was confirmed on radar at Conley AFB. Wake Texas. 1:40 North & to
southwest McAlister. UFO flew vertical 1,500 YARDS to Conklin
up and down and little to the East about 4,000. CHP unit 32 at
MCALISTER indicated two UFOs. VEROKA sighting has bows up at
Arkansas. VINITA Hwy. reports UFO hovering at 5,000 to 1,000 Ft.,
about 5 miles. WILL ROGERS STILLWATER OKLA about 14:00 Two lights
UFO near Miami. 1:49 UFD over Sapulpa circling moving up and
Eastward about 15 miles reported in Shawnee area JONES FM Town unable
to locate UFO visable from Control tower at approx 8,000 ft
UFO reported North of GUTHRIE, OKLAHOMA 2,000 UFO MCALISTER.
EDUARD LK 2000-3000 ft. 22th UFO investigated by EDMOND PD.
sighted by Shawnee police. Four officers report planes chasing UFO.

- page 15 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PAYNE : 2:29 Police cars and members of a light plant watching an UFO which suddenly took off at a high rate of speed. 3:35 McAllister HQTS reports 2 UFOs appear near Duncan Highway and a light about the size of McAllister. All appear stationary then moved NW at a high rate of speed. One of these (UFOs) seen by several 100-150 and 225-300 from the north, hovering watched with field glasses and did not plan. 5:55 Many UFOs sighted east of Shawnee. Old Sulpa reported to Tinker UFO on the ground. 11:13 Earl was awake with trouble sleeping when a UFO landed near his home. About 50-75 ft across. The object was black. Shinel and his photographer when Depart county surveyor, Something like had landed grass was depressed and something had been walking around.
I then left the OHP tower, watch is located at Edmond, or 14 miles north of Oklahoma City. Dispatcher 106 11:1900 was a dim view and Bill Delbert. It was by the OHP District One office and talked with OHP District Wilbur 106. They been sent to the Oklahoma police station who had called me while I was at the tower and I was given the following information. THERE was more, but this was all I was given.
Sub. Guts Austin 3id NW Lexington phone SU 9-1444 at 10:09 PM received. 
Sub. Kenneth Stewart 10 South Bain, CE 33352 UFO white 6 red observed and round. Time 10:64 22,000 ft. 
Sub. Johnny Stegling 1400 NE 10, CE 57170 Round UFO disappeared to the east. 
Sub. Herb Ford, 1312 Overbrook Dr. 10:31 to 3:00 NE 15, 4 UFO changes direction.
Sub. Mr. Rigour 2900 SW Okesa Binkley ME 48479 sighted at 10:29 Over Tinker Field 6 will linger, flew away, 6 over 6,000 ft. 
Sub. Betty Cutshall 803 Asher Pe 72230 round and red in the sky 9:33.
I got home a for the first time at 5:30 by air, the phone was ringing I was on the telephone from 6-11:30 Monday Night 15 hours straight. I was Interviewed by all Oklahoma City Radio stations as well as all TV stations. KGEO log shows three times on a was a sighting.

- page 16 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document that appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book, containing text details and newspaper clippings.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output of the text in the document:

25 minute conference called with them, IFOUSO (no) and NICAP headquarters, Washignton, D.C. They had some radio and telephone communication in and and took a 25 minute interview for some newspaper. I was up at 2:00 and received a call indicating that they were reporters and interviewing me. At 7:30 in the evening Radio and TV station KYI had a senior officer. NICAPLS wanted a complete rundown by telephone. We sighted many airplanes but no UFOs. Many of the calls we received reported captures of UFOs. Some we could definitely identify as airplanes. Over 2,000 persons were there. That was the largest group we have had this year, it was over 5,000 persons. The 6:30 home by 11:15 we did have two four inch telescopes. The reports we received are not complete. The recovered fragments were received Sunday night from a boy who had received some toy from Texas. A 1970 red and white Ford rammed a 1970 car, The boy who was driving the other car, we could not determine what he found. We have been unable to locate the boy. There is nothing in the story but that I am sending them. We have a lab in Oklahoma City working on it now. The results of the documents are radioactive and highly reactive. (As you can tell) They are only evidence that they are there, send you what the lab hear says. Working on two good leads. If they are there, these may prove your interest.

NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS
Oklahoma City Oklahoma Publishing Company 500 North Broadway
Oklahoma City, The Oklahoma Oklahoma (Morning) 3
OCT for July 31, 1965 page 1 - Newmond overnight flight
OCT for July 31, 1965 pages 2 - 3 late home edition acme late same extra addition. August 1, 1965 
The 2140 Sunday Oklahoma August 2, 1965 page 1, (published one a day)
OCT August 2, 1965 page 1 
OCT August 2, 1965 evening home page 2
Daily Oklahoma August 3, 1965 page 1

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text describing various radio stations, addresses, and contact information related to Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

Oklahoma Journal 7430 SE 15th, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
OCT August 3, 1965 page 2 & page 11
OCT August 3, 1965 page additional data
Oklahoma Journal August 4, 1965 page 1
The Daily Oklahoma August 4, 1965 page 1
TV STATIONS
WKY 500 E. Britton Ave., Oklahoma City
KWTV 7401 N. Kelly, Oklahoma City
KOCO 3703 NW 39, Oklahoma
KTYM ALB, Oklahoma
KYED (?) Tulsa
All had film interviews
Radio Stations
WKY 500 E. Britton Ave., Oklahoma City
WNAD University of Oklahoma, Norman
KOTK 1300 W. Main, Oklahoma City
KOMA 52 Oklahoma City, (MORE Oklahoma)
KCRC 1390 NE 23th, Oklahoma City
KLRO 600 538 79, Oklahoma City
KTOK 102 N.W. 9, Oklahoma City
These are for more stations in the city but these were the only one that called me.
AP office 500 North Broadway, Oklahoma City
UPI office 601 Lincoln, Oklahoma
Oklahoma Highway Patrol headquarters and tower and wall as the police also received reports.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from the Federal Aviation Agency addressed to Project Blue Book Headquarters, ATIC (Tech-Div/UFO), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. The text of the document is as follows:

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
SOUTHWEST REGIONAL OFFICE
POST OFFICE BOX 1689
P.O. BOX 1689
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90053

October 21, 1965

Project Blue Book 
Headquarters, ATIC (TD-SW/UFO)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Sgt. Moore:

Thank you very much for your assistance concerning the recent UFO activity in Oklahoma. Your explanations certainly helped clarify my understanding of how the Air Force handles the UFO program.

As you will note in the attached letter, I simply advised the NICAP that no FAA radar tracked UFOs on the date and location referred to in their letter.

Thanks again for your cooperation.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
K. E. Jones
Public Affairs Officer

Enclosure

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

On 14 Oct 65, K. K. Jones, Carswell AFB from Ft. Worth, Texas called. 
He stated that he had gotten a letter from NORAD. He requested information on the Tinker Air Force Base radar returns.

On 15 Oct 65, K. K. Jones from Carswell AFB, Ft. Worth, Texas called. 
He requested additional information on the Tinker Air Force Base radar returns.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which is a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

October 15, 1965
Mr. Richard Hall
Acting Director
National Investigations Committee
on Aerial Phenomena
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20036

Dear Mr. Hall:

Your recent letter addressed to the Federal Aviation Agency's Public Relations Office in Washington has been referred to this office for response. This office was inadvertently placed with other material to be evaluated, and your request has apparently gone unnoticed for this reason.

The article enclosed with your letter from the St. Louis POST-DISPATCH, reported a recent weekend sighting of an unidentified flying object. I indicate that no UFOs were tracked by Federal Aviation Agency radar on the date and at the location mentioned in your letter.

The news article from the St. Louis POST-DISPATCH is returned.

Sincerely yours,

E. R. Jones
Public Affairs Officer

Enclosure: KSJ:SW-5:207:10-15-65
Port Worth AR DCO
FTW-500

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on National Investigations Committee letterhead addressed to Federal Aviation Agency, Public Relations Office, New York Avenue, Washington, D.C.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE 
ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
WASHINGTON D.C. 
August 22, 1966

Federal Aviation Agency
Public Relations Office 
New York Avenue
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Based on the enclosed clipping detailing UFOs (sightings and flying saucer) reported over Elmore, it appears that your agency's assistance would be appreciated in obtaining further information on this matter.

Your help in this matter will be appreciated.

Sincerely yours, 
R.J. Coughlin
Assistant Chairman

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely from Project Blue Book, which contains text only.

UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT SIGHTED OVER CALIFORNIA
CORONA CITY, CALIF., July 31 - A bright, round, reddish-orange object was reported to have been sighted over Corona City on July 22. The object was described as being about 20 to 30 feet in diameter, and it was said to have moved at a fast rate of speed. The object was first sighted at about 10:30 p.m. and was visible for about 5 minutes before it disappeared from view. Several persons reported seeing the object, and their descriptions of it were said to be consistent.

- page 23 -

This page from the 1960s scanned document does not contain any photograph. It is a typed report titled "FLYING SAUCER REVIEW" that describes an observation of a saucer-shaped object in England.

ENGLAND
OBERVED OBJECT
Off Selsey

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
JAN-FEB 66

20 Sep 65
Selsey, England

A Selsey, England, fisherman who wishes to remain anonymous, reported seeing a strange, saucer-shaped object off the coast on September 20.
He said he was out fishing with several others when he noticed a bright, brilliant light in the sky shortly after 9 p.m. The light, he said, was moving across the sky in a northerly direction and gradually became larger and more distinct. 
It was very close, only about 200 yards off the coast, and appeared to be about 40 feet in diameter. The saucer-shaped object had a dome in the center and was a metallic silver color.
The had was immediately behind the object as it passed over the fishermen, but they did not hear any sound from it. 
As it moved away, the light gradually diminished and the object appeared to be glowing. There was no flame or exhaust visible.
The witness said the sighting lasted about 10 minutes. He was greatly interested and excited, he said, and could not account for what he saw.
"I was absolutely amazed," he told investigators. "I thought at first it must be some kind of aircraft, but it was completely silent and moved in a way that no aircraft I have ever seen could move. It was definitely not an airplane or helicopter."
Several other local fishermen who were out at the same time also reportedly saw the strange object.

- page 24 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to Major Quintanilla of the Oklahoma Research Association, discussing a UFO sighting report.

OKLAHOMA RESEARCH ASSOCIATION
INTERPLANETARY INTELLIGENCE DIVISION
Publishers of "The Interplanetary Intelligence Report"
International Headquarters: 3005 W. Eubanks Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
Research Laboratory: 3300 N. Bryant August 4, 1965

In reply refer to: 9-18337
Major Hector Quintanilla
UFO Box 1121 
San Antonio, APO, 34232

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Enjoyed our telephone conversations - have the indicated information on the case which we feel will be of interest. The investigation is involved and we feel certain conclusions can be made based on our thorough check of the facts.

I shall send you the Oklahoma Highway Patrol Log of what was reported and give most of the information but not all - for additional information I would suggest you check the files of the various news media in the Oklahoma City area.

I am inclosing to you a clipping from a recent mail from a our member giving data and observations. St. Petersburg July 27 on the same object.

We investigated a report of the OKLAHOMA CITY incident, it concerns a display of lights over the city, which the newspaper editor claimed would "send you to the YORK YOKE". I will send you the report. Should it be mailed this is the week-end as I plan to be from office.

Will keep you posted. Please let me know any thing you can do about getting the Oklahoma Highway Patrol and police observations. NOT the press.

It is my opinion that many of the sightings in 1965 were misidentified or hoaxed. HOWEVER NOTALL CAN BE EXPLAINED AWAY.

(Very truly yours,)
Heyden C. Hewes
Director, IUFO

- page 25 -

The image contains a newspaper article titled "Midwesterners Tell Of Mystery Objects" from the Raleigh Times dated Wednesday, August 4, 1965. The article discusses several sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) reported by people in the Midwest region of the United States during the months of August and September. The article mentions that the objects were described as being star-like or planet-like in appearance, and that some were seen moving at high speeds. The article also notes that some of the sightings were reported to the Air Force.

Text from the document:

MIDWESTERNERS TELL OF MYSTERY OBJECTS

OKLAHOMA CITY (UPI) - Unidentified flying objects have been sighted in the skies over the Midwest in the past month, according to reports received by Air Force investigators.

The objects, described as star-like or planet-like in appearance, have been spotted in Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri and as far east as Indiana, the reports said.

The Air Force said it was investigating the sightings, which began in early August and continued into September.

One witness, D.L. Biddle, an Oklahoma City man, reported seeing an object with blinking lights pass over his house last August 1. He said the object was traveling at a high rate of speed and made no sound.

Another witness, W.H. Bost of Oklahoma City, said he saw a similar object hovering over his home on August 9. Bost said the object suddenly shot up into the sky at a high speed.

Reports of the sightings have come from all over the Midwest. In Kansas City, Mo., a number of persons reported seeing a shiny, flashing object in the sky on August 19. Some said the object appeared to land briefly on the ground and then take off again.

In Ashland, Kan., Woodward Sand said he saw three shiny, disk-like objects in the sky on August 23.

In Hays, Kan., a university professor, who asked that his name not be used, said he and some of his students saw a circular object with flashing lights hovering over a highway on August 24. The object was visible for several minutes, the witness said, before it shot upward at a high speed.

There have been numerous other reports of UFO sightings in the Midwest during August and September, the Air Force said. Most of the objects people reported seeing were described as star-like or planet-like in appearance, and some were seen to move at high speeds.

The Air Force said it was investigating the sightings to determine if they could be explained as conventional objects.

- page 26 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rural or small town landscape. It shows a panoramic view of a town with various buildings, houses, and structures visible in the background. There is a power line or utility pole in the foreground. The photograph seems to be from an older time period, possibly the 1960s based on the context provided.

Transcribed text from the document:

CARSON CITY, NEVADA. REPORT 12

DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT:
Mr. Frank Howell, 1002 1/2 North Nevada Street, Carson City, Nevada reported that on September 8, 1965 at approximately 6:30 p.m. he and his wife observed three round, silvery objects in the sky over Carson City. The objects were seen at about 35 degrees above the western horizon and were moving in an irregular pattern at a moderate speed. They disappeared behind a cloud and were not seen again. Mr. Howell stated that the objects were approximately the size of a half dollar held at arm's length and made no sound.

INVESTIGATION:
An on-site investigation was conducted by Major William Shaw, USAF. He interviewed Mr. Howell and viewed the area where the sightings occurred. The sky was clear and there was no evidence of aircraft, missiles, satellites or other objects in the sky at the time of the sighting. No photographs or other physical evidence were obtained.

CONCLUSION:
Based on the investigation, the sighting remains unidentified. There is insufficient information to determine the nature of the objects observed.

- page 27 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch or illustration. The sketch appears to depict some sort of unidentified flying object (UFO) or aerial phenomenon. The object has an elongated, curved shape reminiscent of a spacecraft or flying saucer. The text at the bottom of the image reads "REPORT PHOTO" and "U.G.O.F.C.", which likely stands for "Unidentified Glowing Object Fell at Carson City, Nevada" or similar.

As for the text in the document, here is the output produced by an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

REPORT PHOTO
U.G.O.F.C.

- page 28 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of an old wooden house or cabin with a covered porch. The house is surrounded by trees and appears to be in a rural or forested setting.

CASE 64-2686 CLASS 33 RECORD 28
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT FILE
REPORT SUBMITTED BY: ROBERT BLAIR
LOCATION: CARSON CITY, NEVADA
DATE: SEPTEMBER 8, 1965
TIME: 2230 HOURS

On the evening of September 8, 1965, at approximately 2230 hours, Robert Blair, an employee of the Nevada State Highway Department, was driving home from work on U.S. Highway 50 west of Carson City, Nevada.

While driving, Blair observed a bright light in the sky that appeared to be descending rapidly. He stopped his vehicle and watched as the light hovered above a nearby ranch house for a few minutes before accelerating rapidly and disappearing.

Blair returned to the area the next day and spoke with the ranch owner, who confirmed seeing the strange light the previous evening. The ranch owner stated that the light had shone brightly through the windows of the house before quickly departing.

Blair submitted a detailed report of the incident to the Air Force's Project Blue Book, the official investigation of unidentified flying objects. This report is part of the Project Blue Book archives.

- page 29 -

The image appears to be a photograph of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified flying object. The image shows a grainy, black and white photograph of an object that resembles a comet or rocket-like shape, with the text "I.I.C.U.F.O." printed below.

I.I.C.U.F.O.

- page 30 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image.

AUTO INSURANCE OFFICE FOR QUALIFIED GEORGE W. INSURANCE
9/10/59 - 1 YEAR
CE 9-2535

MOVING?
Call Frank for a free es-estimate of moving costs. You can always depend on Frank's courteous service.

STONE
CE 9-2535
1703 NORTH DIVISION St. CARSON CITY, NEVADA

CENTRAL NATIONAL

WHAT THEY ARF. PROPELLED BY AND WHAT KIND OF MATERIAL THEY ARE MADE OF -- THESE STARS - -

Earlier Monday, the commission approved the application of the Oklahoma City Council to establish a commercial television station on channel 13. - The testing totals as of July 12 totaled 78 miles. 
- The commission awarded license to KOTV on April 23 to operate on channel 6 in Tulsa beginning July 12.

IT issued a license to Bartlesville Booster Co. on May 26 to operate on channel 3 in Bartlesville beginning July 12.

THE COMMISSION APPROVED THE APPLICATION OF OKLAHOMA CITY COUNCIL TO ESTABLISH A COMMERCIAL TELEVISION STATION ON CHANNEL 13.

The Oklahoma city station was designated KWTV. It was signed on channel 9 in Oklahoma City.

- page 31 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a typed document with text describing various UFO-related events and incidents.

UFOs
(Continued From Page 0)
The sheriff's office in Cleveland, Tennessee, said lights were seen on Saturday evening scattered over the county and were investigated by deputies. The object gave off a great deal of light, about the size of a basketball when seen, and moved in an erratic manner. The incident was similar to one reported northward on the same night.
Near Wayuwood when police investigatea 1,000-yard illumination, the Air Force found traces of a high-altitude electromagnetic disturbance attributed to natural causes.
PAYING
(Continued From Page 0)
obligation to say only what they have found. He did not say they have found a "flying saucer."
We told them the five or six cases we have been working on (meaning we have not found anything to prove they are "flying saucers"), Certainly we were most interested in the investigation because of the public curiosity, but we cannot make a statement beyond what the facts justify. Dr. Adkinson's real estate investigation is not finished. His findings will be made public, after completion, in a factual report.
Tony Zeto, 38, named by the Oklahoma City Planning Commission as chairman to study the UFO problem, said, "It was our understanding that this group was to proceed under simul taneous instructions from the Air Force." He said there were procedures under sim ilar official investigations.
SOUTH
(Continued From Page 9)
Did a jet or other aircraft leave sudden marks on the ground near Oklahoma City? According to published reports, some marks were found.
After an investigation as long as since May, here's what the Air Force had to say about that:
"Just for a strange feeling over here - not much else. We don't know what caused the marks." The Air Force closed the case.
If the marks were made by a jet aircraft, that would not have been unusual or outstanding. Jet aircraft do occasionally leave marks on the ground, but the Air Force found nothing of significance there.
What is significant is that the public would be informed and reassured by any factual statement from the Air Force whenever the public interest is aroused by newspaper or other media publicity. It seemed like a long time for the Air Force to determine "not much else" as the final conclusion in this case.
It logged like a "dead-end" from the public viewpoint, even though it may have been a routine and proper Air Force procedure.
The opinion declared that the Underwood investigation would not be made on the basis of an assessment prejudiced against the Air Force. The committee wanted facts for the public, not opinions. It was determined that Underwood would not be assessed against the city.

- page 32 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. However, the image contains text from an old UFO report document.

OCR Text Output:

MAN SAYS HE SAW
By JIM BROOKS
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma  - The man who reported seeing the mysterious lights in the sky over Norman Sunday night at 6:15 p.m. said his sighting was real and could be substantiated by observers.

The man, who asked not to be identified, said Monday in a telephone interview from Norman that he was driving alone on Interstate 35 to the southwest. He said he noticed the flashing lights, which resembled police car headlights, moving overhead. 

"I noticed them off to my left," he said. "It seemed to cross the sky rather rapidly and then disappeared, just like a light on dark."

The man, who is a university student, said he stopped his car and got out to observe the object better. He said it reappeared, accompanied by a bright light, and seemed to hover over the area for several minutes before disappearing again.

"It was definitely not a conventional aircraft," the man said. "There were no wings and the lights were too bright. We thought at first it might be a jet, but then it stopped and hovered."

The man said he reported the sighting to the Norman police department and to the Air Force base at Tinker. He said the Air Force officers seemed interested in the sighting and promised to investigate it.

ROADS DUE
Jury Probe Eyed 
Of Payoff Story
By DANIEL WEBSTER
In connection with a race fixing scandal in Crawford County, prosecutors and police said Monday they may conduct a special grand jury investigation of allegations of payoffs to municipal officials.

The allegations were made last week to Crawford County district attorney Leo Winters by an unidentified informant who said he had tape recordings of "officials" accepting money.

Winters said Monday he has not decided if he will call the grand jury to investigate the matter, but he confirmed the allegations of payoffs to municipal officials in connection with the race fixing charges which have rocked the county for the past two weeks.

MORE UFOs

- page 33 -

The shared image contains a photograph of a purported "flying saucer" that was reportedly observed by an observer. The image is presented as part of an article in the Loma Journal newspaper, with the headline "Saw 'Flying Saucer'".

Loma Journal
Tuesday, August 3, 1965
20 Pages
Five Cents

Saw "Flying Saucer"
This Is What Observer Saw
Shown above is refined drawing of flying object observed by a civil air force weather observer at Norman. The observer, an air force weather observer at Norman, Oklahoma, reported seeing this object through a 40-power telescope.

$82 MILLION 
Interstates 
To Get Most
By BILL DUNCAN
The Oregon Highway Department's program for the 1967 fiscal year was presented to the state Highway Commission last week, with the lion's share going for interstate highway projects.
Total funds, both state and federal for the interstate program, will increase several million dollars over the current year's allotment.
The interstate projects will underscore this year's program and the commission will examine them closely when they meet again on Aug. 12.

- page 34 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains only text.

The text in the document is as follows:

Information Only
Souree: Saucer Hews, Vol 13, No. March 66
CLOSE SIGHTING IN NORTH CAROLINA AREA: Model jasher of kinston, north carplina, reported that on September 21 , 1965, the occupants of her home was suddenly awakened by a bright light shining through the windows. The light was accompanied by a buzzing sound whigh seemed to come from the outside. Mrs. Jasher then ran to the telephone (which was out of order) and went in search of her husband. The light remained in the sky for about two oarts, both of them seemed round. The light edition around the edges. In the top part, the lady could see Windows, managed light and dark parts, around the circumference and there was a stationary glow. Mrs. Jasher then ran to the front porch. Just in time to see the UFO rising from a field nearby. It seemed about 30 feet in diameter and hovered above the trees for several minutes. The rising and falling movement of the object continued for some time. The motion was silent, but Mrs. Jasher was the only person to see anything. (Winston-salem 9/23/65)

- page 35 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

More UFOs Spotted Here

"They" were back Monday night. Strange unidentified objects sighted again in Oklahoma - some say they were "rather scary" compared to the fleet of unidentified flying objects seen over seven other states.

An Oklahoma highway patrolman spotted a green luminescent object on Oklahoma Highway 51 near Claremore last night. The officer said a jet interceptor approached the object but it disappeared.

The officer said a lot of other people also had observed the object and that several of them had called the UFO and appeared to be close to it.

HAYDEN HEWES

YOUTH HAS HIS SAY

RAYMON ORTIZ

Living costs to go up

The cost of living, says RAYMOND ORTIZ, will rise dramatically in the future due to inflation and other reasons. Ortiz, who has been investigating the UFO situation, says the appearance of the strange objects some call "flying saucers" will create a tremendous public interest in the subject. This in turn will lead to more scientific research and that research will increase the cost of living, Ortiz predicts.

The story about "More UFOs Spotted Here" describes the sighting of strange unidentified objects in Oklahoma, including a report from a highway patrolman who observed a green luminescent object and a jet interceptor approaching it. The "Youth Has His Say" section features a prediction by RAYMON ORTIZ about the cost of living increasing in the future due to inflation and increased scientific research into UFOs.

- page 36 -

The image contains a photograph, which appears to be a newspaper clipping from "The Biyoma Journal" dated Tuesday, October 5, 1965. The headline reads "First Night Color Shot Of Flying Saucer Bared".

The text in the document is as follows:

"First Night Color Shot Of Flying Saucer Bared
Copyright 1965 by The Biyoma Journal Publishing Co.
The most famous photograph in the world this year is the one on this page. It shows a glowing, color image of a flying saucer taken in the dark at an undisclosed location.
The image was captured with a high-speed color film and a wide-angle lens on a 35mm camera. Several observers reported seeing the strange object in the sky and the photographer was able to get this shot, which is the first night color photograph of a flying saucer.
The object, clearly defined in the photograph, shows a circular disk-shaped craft with several portholes or windows which many have speculated contain occupants. The craft appears to be hovering or moving slowly through the night sky.
The picture was taken at about 2:15 a.m. on September 21, 1965 in the vicinity of Carson City, Nevada. It was taken by an unidentified person and later obtained by the Air Force as part of Project Blue Book.
The craft was apparently lit from within, giving off an eerie yellowish-blue glow. This glow makes the details of the craft clearly visible in the night sky. The photographer said he was awakened by a bright flash of light and was able to grab his camera and get several shots of the craft before it moved swiftly away.
The Air Force has made no statement as to what the object may be, but they have confirmed the authenticity of the photograph. They are continuing their investigation to determine the true nature of the object.
This is said to be the most famous photograph of a UFO to date and may provide valuable clues to the continuing mystery of the existence of flying saucers.

90,000 hear Pope's Mass
In Ball Park
Peace Plea Of Pontiff
Stirs Crowd"

- page 37 -

The image contains a photograph labeled "Rare Saucer Photograph". The photograph shows an unidentified flying object in the sky. There is also text on the page, which I will proceed to transcribe:

Vol. 2 No. 44
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73110
WAYNE, 19, a student pilot, crashed his car after something rushed swiftly back into the distance when he stopped his car to investigate. His car was damaged to the extent of $30.25 and he will receive payment of $44.00 in cash.

PANHANDLE OIL COMPANY in Tulsa proclaims the "New Cheeseburger" its greatest contribution to the progress of man.

READER calls to tell us about a strange object in the sky over the Wichita Mountains. He saw this happen, too, is still scratching his head. 

I QUIT he yelled, and the picture was taken and that did it. He couldn't stand the mess any longer. He said, "I can't take the grind no more".

GUY ACROSS the desk says: "You tell 'em Mike, I quit."

HAVE TO GO was his farewelling remark as he slammed the door and walked out.

The picture above is the famous "Rare Saucer Photograph" which caused an uproar among scientists upon its publication in the July 1965 issue of the Oklahoma Journal Publishing Co.

If you can help the publication in any way, step forward and let them know.

- page 38 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page discusses a report about a UFO sighting in Carson City, Nevada in 1965.

OCR Text Output:
DEEP FORK REPORT CITES
OKLAHOMA CITY SIGHTING
"We are releasing a comprehensive report on a recent incident involving a UFO sighting over Oklahoma City. This report, requested by the Air Force, was conducted by James H. Kerr, a photographer, and an associate editor of the JOURNAL. The sighting took place on August 9 and was observed by several reliable witnesses including Alan G. Smith, of Oklahoma City, a well-known newspaper writer.
According to the report, Smith stated he saw the object at about 10:30 p.m. while standing in his front yard. The object was described as round, with a diameter of about 40 feet and with a steady light encircling it. It was hovering silently at an estimated distance of about 250 feet above the ground.
Members of the Smith family who also observed the object said it appeared to be surrounded by a luminous cloud or haze, and they described the light as brilliant white in color. They said the object seemed to increase in the intensity of the light at times.
According to the report, Smith said the object was visible for about 15 minutes before it suddenly accelerated at a terrific speed and disappeared from view in the direction of the southwest.
Atmospheric conditions at the time were clear, and the object was visible to all members of the Smith family as well as two other neighbors who happened to see it. The report states that the witnesses could not make out any details of the object's surface, as it was too bright to enable close examination.
This incident, the report concludes, is one of the most clearly defined and well-authenticated UFO sightings to come to the attention of the JOURNAL. The JOURNAL plans to follow up on this report and will reprint it in full in an early edition."

- page 39 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper clipping showing a news article with a large headline that reads "First Night Color Shot Captures Flying Saucer".

Text OCR output:

THE OKLAHOMA JOURNAL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1943

First Night Color Shot Captures Flying Saucer

Alan Smith, 14, and his sister, Sheryl Rolf, 12, stand in the back yard of their Tulsa home where they witnessed the flying saucer, according to their story. The saucer appeared about 8:15 pm, they said. The story was published in the Oklahoma Journal Publishing Co. Copyright 1943.

They Saw The 'Saucer'

Alan Smith, 14, and his sister, Sheryl Rolf, 18, stand in the back yard of their Tulsa home where they witnessed the flying saucer, according to their story. The saucer appeared about 8:15 pm, they said. The story was published in the Oklahoma Journal Publishing Co. Copyright 1943.

Letter

Dear Letters Editor
I want to congratulate Hayden Strayhorn, director of the Police Relations Division, for his fine work in helping to capture one of the "dangerous" and troublesome criminals in Oklahoma City. This man, who has been terrorizing Oklahoma City and surrounding areas, has finally been captured, thanks to the diligent efforts of Mr. Strayhorn and his Staff. On August 30, 1965 this man, Leroy Skaggs, was arrested, and Sheriff Jim Jones stated that the arrest was definitely a result of the information received from Mr. Strayhorn's office. 
I want to commend Mr. Strayhorn for the outstanding work he and his staff are doing to help law enforcement agencies in the state of Oklahoma. More power to him!
Dr. Joe Merrifield
Oklahoma City

Life Beat
DAILY RACES
Bowie
SPORTS DESK
The Cleveland Indians are a different ball club when you watch them from the pressbox, according to Chuck Heaton, the Plain Dealer sports columnist. The Indians are a strange mixture of power and poise, he says. Their veteran stars - Rocky Colavito, Woodie Held, Vic Davalillo and others - are easily offended and resent any criticism, according to Heaton. But the youngsters like Max Alvis, Don Demeter and Sonny Siebert take the rough going in stride.

Jail By
CHARLES M. BARRICKLOW

BALTIMORE, Md. - John H. Presnell, 19-year-old youth paralyzed from the waist down, has been found guilty of first degree murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. He propped himself upright in his wheelchair to hear the verdict read in Criminal Court. 
Presnell was convicted of killing a 60-year-old woman in a holdup last month. He was apprehended within minutes after the crime, still in his wheelchair.
The judge commented grimly that he could not overlook the fact that the defendant was armed and dangerous despite his physical handicap. Presnell had entered a plea of innocent by reason of insanity. The jury deliberated only 90 minutes before returning the verdict.

Nix Hearing
for
Gary C. Todd
Gary C. Todd, 22, of Jenks, Okla., pleaded innocent to a charge of first degree murder during his arraignment Wednesday before Judge Spencer Parsons. The judge set an October 19 deadline for filing of psychiatric reports in the case. Todd is charged with the slaying of his uncle, Edwin R. Todd, 46, during a quarrel July 26 at the uncle's home in Jenks.
An application for a psychiatric examination was filed by Sylvan Radin, Todd's court-appointed attorney.

- page 40 -

The image contains a photograph of a flattened, circular object described as an aluminum disc that was previously welded by the Durant Deputy Sheriff Leyd N. Baker. The text below the image is titled "Now It's Saucers By the Squadron" and describes various UFO sightings reported in different parts of the United States.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

the State Staff members continued Thursday for the strange night flying objects in Oklahoma. But South America spectacular sightings were reported in Chile, Argentina, Brazil, and Peru. Over northern Brazil's strange saucer-like craft are flying near the nation's several state 
The Highway Patrol reported Tuesday night unidentified objects were seen in the skies over Dixon, Wyoming. (Related Story, Page 5)
and in the Furley area near Tulsa, where a series of sightings in the Oklahoma were reported, Trooper K. C. Lue of Skiatook said the "flying objects" resembled aluminum discs. found Monday morning on the K. W., Davis ranch. Some of the discs, estimated to be 22 inches in diameter and 2 inches thick, were showing some mystery Tuesday in Durant.
Where the objects came over to Leyd N. Bakers, a former Deputy Sheriff, who reported the discs were welded or fused together as if made of a material harder than aluminum.
(AD CAP) impressions were noted on the bodies of the objects, and the 'aluminum' character of the mate rial were identified by local investigators, and may be part of some mystery Tuesday in Durant.

- page 41 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. It is simply text describing various UFO sightings.

Now it's Saucers
By the Squadron 

Identification from officials at Bunker Air Force Base. They placed launced with large-size weather balloons. The information until they were confirmed to actually be saucers Monday, he said it definitely was not there Sunday. 

The citizens reported seeing objects were sighted and descending just north and northeast of Bonner Springs. 

... Maybe Mars has an AAOCC plant there, too, a resident commented. The sight of two saucers flying past seemed to startle first group of two witnesses.

They would go down and then back up and manuever as so forth. They said they were in formation. They were described as silvery in color and a great height.

Deputy James Simms spotted the weached some object with a reddish light on top and a white light underneath. He couldn't see the shape of it, he said, "but I could see it shut twisting a circle of lights. It looked like a large, half-circular group of lights."

Park said he called his wife over when he had the object. It appeared to him to be about the size of a half-dollar at arm's length. It hovered for a while, then accelerated several hundred miles an hour. 

The Daily Oklahoman carried a brief report of two unidentified flying objects seen over Oklahoma City. The Oklahoma State Highway patrol reported a large portion of the state patrolmen and sheriffs had reports of the sightings. 

One youth reported seeing an object rise either from Lake Hefner or its shoreline. Another reported seeing two objects rise from his backyard and shooting straight up out of sight. It was seen about 10:15 PM 5-16-64 SW 43. He said the objects flashed red lights and dashed swiftly high in the sky.  

A resident of El Reno okla. reported a strange orange object that looked like a ball of fire coming down in the west at 9:15 p.m. He watched it for about five minutes and saw it make a sudden burst of speed and disappear.

Another resident saw a bright blue object "which suddenly flashed upwards into the sky from the west" at about 8:30 p.m.

- page 42 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document, which appears to have an article titled "THEORY OFFERED Mystery Objects There All Along?". The article discusses the phenomenon of numerous sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) and offers a theory to explain their existence. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

OCR Output:
THEORY OFFERED
Mystery Objects
There All Along?
Look at the sky long Why, explains Johnson. That's enough and you'll see - maybe when there are an unusuall-it's not much, but sometimes a large number of stars or a ing these UFO reports, many times there turn up informa- tion that perhaps the object seen "disappears" or "vanishes". thing that looks like a star particularly bright. That's why so many people are under the impression that the objects are "new" or "just appearing".
Dale Johnson, director of the Intellignece Division of the Air Force's Project Blue Book, says the natural phenomenon which causes much of the UFO sighting is simply the "disappearance" of stars in the sky - which goes mostly unnoted.
He says the natural phenomena in the atmophere can "make" stars seem to appear and disappear or vary in brightness, sometimes enough to cause people to think they've "seen a flying saucer". Occasionally," he says, "something may move across the sky and draw attention to the fact that a given star is winking on and off".
But, Johnson believes that in a great majority of cases, the unidentified flying objects that are reported are simply normal celestial phenomona which people don't ordinarily notice. He said this has been the case in many of the UFO reports at this time of year.
The next strong meteor shower, expected to be visible over northern California skies, will no doubt be responsible for many "UFO reports" as some people fail to recognize these fast moving points of light for what they are, Johnson says.
Some people look up at the stars, he said, and many of the things they see passing across the sky are nothing more than tiny satellites. These are not visible to the naked eye and a few people just happen to spot them on occasion.
He gives the current "rash of UFO sightings" in the Carson City area as a good example. Witnesses have reported seeing unusual objects hover, dart, change direction and then disappear. But Johnson believes many of these have simply been misidentifications of normal celestial objects.

- page 43 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a newspaper article from the "OKLAHOMA CITY TIMES" dated August 3, 1965, with the headline "Many Report Flying Objects".

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

TUESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1965 OKLAHOMA CITY TIMES

Many Report 
Flying Objects

Despite Air Force claims above the horizon southwest 
of Ponca City, Okla., numerous residents in and around 
that area reported seeing unidentified flying objects Tuesday night, according to the Oklahoma Cit-- s Times.'

The Times said the obiect ap- 
peared to be moving at a rapid 
rate both southwest and northeast. Several persons reported seeing the objects at different times 
Tuesday, even high-altitude 
jets could be seen during most of 
the hours of darkness. 

Other reports had green ob- 
jects with bright red and blue 
flashing lights and streaming 
tails observed in the south and 
southwest.

Hundreds of reports were re- 
ceived by the U.S. Weather Bu- 
reau and the Tulsa international Airport, the Times said.

Still, the Weather Bureau an- 
nounced no unusual meteorologi- 
cal activity for the area during 
the period of the sightings.

The Air Force statement said 
that no unidentified flying ob- 
jects were tracked on radar 
screens in the area and that it 
was checking to determine the 
cause of the sightings.

However, the Times said sever- 
al local law enforcement agen- 
cies reported the sightings.

The article went on to state that Air Force official said the 
great plains were active in pro- 
ducing unusual atmospheric phenomena which could be mis- taken for UFOs.

Reports still continued to come in, the Times said, indicating that the sightings were still being 
observed.

CARROLLTON, Man., Charles:-- (KNS) -- Canada's department of defense flew a twin-engine Otter aircraft over a rural area near here Wednesday in an attempt to photograph what residents said 
were unusual objects in the sky.

- page 44 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. However, there is no photograph present in this image. 

Performing OCR (optical character recognition) on the text in the image:

Witness: Fort Smith, Ark. two civil engineers, Burnle Evans and Van Buren saw an object in the sky which appeared to be an odd shaped aircraft. They said it was traveling at a high rate of speed and was silent. Meanwhile, two Tarrant Countyr deputies in Texas reported that they "looked like fire balls" moving up and down. Hathaway, two of them, one after the other, also observed and reported if white on patrol car searchlight was reflected off something. Around one hour later three separate officers in Lawrenceville, Illinois also observed bright lights in the sky. A policeman in Lewsinville, Kentucky reported strange lights in the sky close to the Lewsinville Divinity School, passed within 100 feet of the Lewsinville Divinity School. He and four other persons observed these strange lights, the lights were about 25 degrees in elevation.

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW 
JULY-AUG 65

BELGIUM

Sighting near Antwerp

R. Verstraeten, Boechout, near Antwerp, Belgium, age 17, observed a luminous object on 22 April 1965, from 8:40 to 10:05 p.m. He and his family were in the garden, when they noticed a bright light in the sky about 15 degrees above the horizon, in the south-south-east direction. It was oval-shaped, surrounded by a bluish halo, and seemed somewhat larger than a star. The object remained stationary for about 5 minutes, then started moving in a straight line. As it moved, it changed color from bluish-white to reddish-orange, and back again. Its speed was estimated to have varied between 800 and 1,000 mph. At times it appeared to be accompanied by smaller lights, and it seemed to be surrounded by a cloud or mist. After about 15 minutes, it disappeared below the horizon.

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Intelligence Staffs Plagued by 'Objects' for 20 Years
Intelligence Staffs Plagued by 'Objects' for 20 Years
As Major John Carden Corry, who prepared this text, indicates, the Intelligence Staffs of the U. S. Air Force have been plagued by "Objects" and reports of "flying saucers" for the past 20 years. (See OBJECTS - Page 3)
It is also evident that Captain Edward J. Ruppelt, who had a 3-year tour as director of Project Blue Book, the USAF's official UFO investigating agency, has made a profound study of the situation. His progress, however, has been impeded by these "Objects" concerning which, he says, "there are still a great number of cases in which the object is unidentified."
In the majority of cases, there are explanations, and another conclusion is that you have seen what you think you saw, but there are still many unexplained cases. A UFO might come around daylight UFOs in the balloon. The great balloons carrying scientific instruments can rise to fantastic heights, and in the hours near dawn or dusk can take on brilliant hues. They sometimes take on odd shapes, too, because they are made of transparent material and their outlines are dimmed by reflection from the near-surface. I have seen a perfect sphere formed this way -- (- and have even seen it "launch" something toward earth. The transparent shape which does not outline any familiar shape could be followed by a less vertical trail of smoke or gas, illuminated by a light which before had given the sphere its brilliant hue.
TWO. Another conclusion might prove to be that UFOs are some secret military aircraft, such as jet fighters, flying at tremendous speeds and elevations, or strange-appearing atmospheric phenomena. Relative to the secret military aircraft, there is always the possibility of seeing things which are secret and highly significant. Regarding the atmospheric phenomena, some think on occasion can be observed to be a natural thing. Dependent on the degree, the running lights are seen at certain times, depending on the angle, the time and location of the observer. Some think they are secret military aircraft, and others argue that they are part of our regular programs, some even airplanes.

- page 47 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page is titled "Our Intelligence Staffs Plug".

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Our Intelligence Staffs Plug
(Editor's Note: John Conden Currey, who prepared the following report, had a distinguished background in aviation and World War II.)

The recent rush of reports on unidentified flying objects has brought about renewed interest in the activities of our intelligence staffs for nearly two decades. During World War II, such reports came in from Sweden, or from underground sources near the Battle Zone. Correlated with reconnaissance photos and other intelligence, they gave us early data on test flights of the V-1 and V-2 weapons, and on certain other experimental devices which did not get into production for Nazi war machine.

After the war, reports of "flying saucers" over Scandinavia were at first regarded as evidence the Russians had developed certain new projects for their and were developing certain Nazi projects further. Soon these reports spread to the United States. Roswell, Las Alamos, El Paso, and Oak Ridge. Nervous officials admitted these sensitive sites were too important to admit any possible reconnaissance to go undetected.

So the air intelligence crews were ordered to correlate and analyze the reports. One of the first officers assisted with this unwelcome chore was Major Robert B. Smith, USAF, who has just completed a duty as director of intelligence of SAC and more recently with the Pentagon this month, as successor to Colonel Bolender, USAF. He was then a Lieutenant Colonel, his promotion coming after those seeking to explain away the sightings decided to accept as valid. a relatively small number of cases in which the object was tracked on radar or visually observed in the performance of flight characteristics beyond our known capabilities. So the Air Intelligence crews were ordered to correlate and analyze the reports.

- page 48 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a report or document. The title at the top of the page is "Sky Sights Excite Big Area".

Air Force Investigator
Sky Sights Excite Big Area
By Jack Taylor
The weather bureau, said meteorologist had contacted the weather bureau and Tinker Air Force Base had reported strange objects in the sky over Oklahoma City Monday.
The objects, which were seen before dawn Monday, were reported over Oklahoma City and surrounding areas. Later, spokesmen from the Oklahoma City police said they also received several reports of the sightings.
A weather bureau spokesman explained the objects were reported as "targets", meaning they appeared on weather radar screens, but were not jets or other aircraft. He added that the "targets" were scattered over a wide area.
The brilliantly-colored objects were reported over an area ranging from Chickasha, Shawnee, Tulsa and Enid to Lawton and Altus, the weather bureau said.
The Lt. Gov. says he wasn't "concerned" and the reports came from reliable persons, but he couldn't explain the sightings.
Several state officials either confirmed the sightings or said they had received many reports of them. One civilian UFO investigator said he received reports of the incidents from various Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico and Arizona air force bases.
An Air Defense Command spokesman at Tinker Air Force Base said the incidents were not under investigation there. He said the objects were "nothing unusual" and that his office had no further comment.

- page 49 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article titled "Flying Objects Seen In Four-State Area".

Flying Objects Seen
In Four-State Area
(Continued From Page 1) 
It's dispatcher said: "It was something up there tonight for about an hour. 
said, the weather bureau 
tracked a number of objects on their radar screens in the Oklahoma City area, She said weathermen said the objects seemed to be small planes or other aircraft. 
An object was sighted also in the Wichita, Kan., area about the same time, the dispatcher said.
Hayden Hewes, director of the midwest Skywatch Research Center at Oklahoma City, said his organization had also received a number of the objects sightings since dark.
"We haven't been able to identify them as anything definite yet," he said. "But we've had reports of sightings from a number of places in Oklahoma and as far away as Texas and Colorado."
He said a private pilot in Nebraska reported seeing an object moving at high speed and making a sudden right-angle turn.
The director of the air force's UFO headquarters at Dayton, Ohio, Maj. Hector Quintanilla, said he had received reports of the sightings but had no confirmation yet.
Other sightings were reported from the Tulsa, Okla., area and from Kansas, Missouri and Colorado.

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be the front page of a newspaper called "The Oklahoma Journal" dated Monday, August 2, 1965.

The text in the document is as follows:

Flying Objects Zooming Over State
By BILL STEWART
A craft, described by witnesses as being the size of a car, glowing red, white and blue, was tracked on two radar screens only shortly before midnight, Saturday.
The Air Force base at Tinker Air Force base, "recovered" Oklahoma yesterday.
The first report, at 8:58 p.m., bid of a strange object moving at a reported speed of 600 to 800 miles an hour. The object, disappearing from radar screens, was reportedly picked up again by a radar tracker at 11:16 p.m.
One deputy, by deputy Sheriff O.C. Bridling, by radar operator JC Brown and Mrs. Marylette Tucker, saw the object for a few seconds. Sherriff Tucker said the glowing object came out of a cloud and headed a little more than a mile away, moving rapidly east.
The military radar tower at Tinker, within the range of 40 miles, reported the object at an altitude of 27,000 feet.
Base officials said "the were aware of the sightings but were not certain what the unidentified craft might be, and they were investigating the matter further."

Pres Favo

- page 51 -

This page from the UFO report document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be text-based, containing a news article or report about various political and social topics.

JOURNAL MONDAY AUGUST 2, 1965

Labor
(10:30 am)
Republican presidential candidate
Nelson Rockefeller predicted
"another glorious victory" for the
GOP in 1966. He claimed that
President Johnson did not have a
clear legislative program and that the
Goldwater candidacy had weakened
the party. He promised political policies
would be shaped on a "bipartisan
basis."
William was reported to
have spoken at a press
conference in Washington
on the British space
program. He said that
the announcement of
the closure of the
Blue Streak and
Skylark projects should
be regarded as a
demonstration of Britain's
intention to move away
from an independent nuclear
deterrent and toward "collective
defense within the alliance."
Speaking at Royal Holloways,
Lord Chalfont, a Minister of
State in the Foreign Office, said
Sunday night Britain's defense
policy was a system whereby we
obtain the maximum collective
security at the minimum cost.

LBJ
Johnson accused Republicans Sunday
of trying to throw Republican Senator
Thurmond out of the party for favoring
the nomination of Georgia's Ellis
Arnall. "If Thurston Thurmond can
be ruled a Republican, we'll call
for a restoration of consistency,"
Johnson added. He said Republicans
did not have any thing to do
with Johnson's nomination or
convention.

The President said that
most of the people the U.S. is
trying to help in South
Viet Nam are members of
a couple of hundred,
families - the richest, the most
elite and most unwilling
to submit to reform.
"This is an Oligarchy
that will make its
sacrifices."

Objects
(Continued from Page 8)
objects are highly fantastic 1* The case is
still being investigated. Your information
clearly shows that there is more to this than
meets the eye. Our information seems to
show that the "objects" were with the U.S.
Weather Bureau, which was conducting
research as we reported. We may be wrong 
but our information seems to indicate this.
At one point, with the report coming in, the 
radio that reported the objects cut out.
"Dunk, there goes another one."
Toward the end, a postscript wasadded: 
"All equipment aboard the vehicle was
the funny house."
But shortly after 11 the sound 
picked up again, and they were
able to get all on the wire. 
There was a sign on the stand
that was alleged to be
"West Indies..."

TV CALLS 12-1:45 

- page 52 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article titled "Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star?--Now We Wonder". The article discusses sightings of unidentified objects in the sky, including comments from a professor about the phenomenon and potential explanations.

Text extracted from the document:

TWINKLE, TWINKLE LITTLE STAR?--NOW WE WONDER
Continued from page 1

"I have no laboratory, no equipment, no facilities to speculate," he said, "and I'm not going to try to just say what's going on." 
Dr. Don J. Lauer, director of the school of mechanical and aerospace engineering at the University of Nevada, Reno, said such subjects are difficult to handle scientifically.
"The departments at the university were swamped with telephone calls from persons reporting sighting objects in the state," he said.
Lt. Bennett of the Oklahoma Highway Patrol reported sighting a green object north of Tishomingo traveling "up high." He said a jet plane seemed close to the object.
Several troopers and officers reported similar sightings over Woodward last week.
The Norman police department said a Cleveland County resident, Charles Boyd, reported the "scene of a UFO" and that his report was confirmed by four officers. 
The group viewed a light object, about 25 to 30 feet long, hovering about five feet off the ground south of Norman. The object hovered and then disappeared again to the southeast of Norman. The object then reappeared to more forward, backward and then up and down.
A Gentry, Ark., visitor, Tom Baucelle, at the home of his sister, Mrs. and Mrs. C. Timblin, said he saw a strange object in the sky above the home Monday.

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, with the title "Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star?-Now We Wonder" at the top.

Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star?-Now We Wonder
By Jim Jackson and Ivy Coffey 
of the State Staff

Stars, meteors and unusual atmospheric conditions were the order of the day in some sections of Oklahoma and nearby states during the early part of this week as citizens reported sightings of unidentified flying objects.

The lights were first reported over the state Monday of a rash of sightings that continued in Oklahoma City and other parts of the state and in Texas, Kansas and Missouri.

Officials in some Oklahoma communities, including Oklahoma City, were of the opinion that the lights may have been the familiar sightings of satellites and aircraft, tut others were not so easily satisfied.

Picture on Page 7
The objects, sometimes described as star-like, sometimes as oval or elongated, were reported in Norman, Woodward, Guthrie, Oklahoma City and other parts of the state and in Texas.

The lights were reported over a period of several evenings starting last Monday, with sight-seeing and aircraft having been active in the skies over some sections.

In Guthrie, R.C. Knoch, an office furniture dealer, said the lights looked too large and too fast to be satellites and that they appeared to be grouped, flying in formation. He said they were "astronomical in nature."

The objects may have been the planets Jupiter and Venus as they were unusually bright this week, but the Air Force said it hasn't any information to confirm this. The Air Force contended the sightings were of normal celestial phenomena.

The term was described as a natural phenomenon, according to an Air Force statement.

- page 54 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of two nude figures in a reclined position. The caption below the image states "GARAGE.TOP ROOST is a keen vantage point for tracking unidentified flying objects." The caption also mentions "story on P. 1-12515 by Bob Hooten", referring to additional information in the document.

GARAGE.TOP ROOST is a keen vantage point for tracking unidentified flying objects. These young men so decided Monday night. (Illustration by Joe Pearson) (Photo by Bob Hooten)

- page 55 -

The image appears to be a cartoon-style illustration of a flying saucer or UFO in the sky, with a person speaking from the UFO saying "I'm sure I saw some people down there!", and another response saying "You aren't going to start those rumors again are you?"

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

U. F. O. 
"I'M SURE 
I SAW SOME
PEOPLE DOWN 
THERE!..."

"YOU AREN'T 
GOING TO START
THOSE RUMORS AGAIN
ARE YOU ?"

- page 56 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page of text from an old UFO report document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

FLYING GAUGE REVIEW 
JAN-FEB 66

Flashing lights and Aerial Shocks
This report comes to us from the 1965 Nevada sightings of September 22, in which a group of people, including a Mexican-American pilot of Mexican Airways, saw the same UFO over Carson City and photographed the object, which was later analyzed by the Nevada Air National Guard and Project Blue Book officials.

According to the report, several people, including a pilot of Mexican Airways, saw the same UFO over Carson City, Nevada on the previous evening, the 21st. The object was photographed, and the pictures are presently being analyzed by the Nevada Air National Guard and Project Blue Book officials.

Emilio Riva Palacio, Jr. and other officials, were at a private citizens' home when the light and power failure occurred. After the light failure, they saw the object hovering and then suddenly disappear. From this object it lit up the valley around Glenbrook.

Shortly afterwards, Guillermo Manzano, a pilot of Mexican Airways, saw the same UFO of light configuration, as did several others in the area. An attempt was made to approach the object, but it caused the aircraft to suffer a series of electric shocks and forced it to return to its base without further incident.

M 23 Sep 65
08-1124

- page 57 -

This page of the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It only includes a list of the contents of the case, which consists of 9 photos sized 5x7 and 8 negatives sized 2.5x3.5. The text found in the document is:

THIS CASE INCLUDES:
9 PHOTOS 5X7
8 NEGATIVES 2.5X3.5

- page 58 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a Department of the Air Force Staff Message from the Project Blue Book archives.

The text output from the image is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN : 55737 (26 OCT 65) A/SAN
INFO : NIN-7, XOPX-1, XOPX-8, SAFOS-3, JCS/DCS/DIA-1, NSA-7, SMB-1 (29)
SUB A9394-1-5757CE383 19
TO RUEHMP
DE RUHLKM 779322#2
Z#R UUUUU
O 2322 19Z SEL
FM 326AIR DIV KUNIA FAC HA
TO RUHLKM/PACAF HICKAM AFB HA
RUHLKM/COMMANSEAFRON
INFO RUEHP/CSAF
RUECW/CINO
RUECW/SECNAV
RUHEAB/CI NCNORADD
RUHHS/CI NCPAC
RUHHS/CI NCUSARPAC
RUHHS/CI NCPACFLT
RUAAZ/COMUSSJAPAN
RUAMC/COMUSKOREA
RUASF/COMUSTDC
RUCSSG/DEW WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO

AFHO **** 0309C

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 59 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force, Staff Message Branch, with an "UNCLASSIFIED" header.

UNCLASSIFIED 
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AT IN : 55787 (26 OCT 65) Pg 2 of 2

1. UNCLAS 32-AD-CO 81106
2. MSGS 9328 AND MATS 13392
3. A. ONE
B. MATS 9328 REPORTS HE SAW WHAT APPEARED TO HIM A LARGE SEARCH LIGHT POINTING SKYWARD. MATS 13392 REPORTED SAME BUT ADVISED OBJECT WAS ABOVE THE HORIZON AND TAIL IS OUT OF SIGHT BELOW THE HORIZON.  
4. A. POSITION WAS 119 DEGREES FROM 25 12 NORTH 11998 EAST AT 1942
PAGE 2 RUNLKH 7 UNCLAS
5. UNKNOWN
6. UNKNOWN
7. UNKNOWN 
8. UNKNOWN
9. MR. KEYA SEKI COMET- MUSEUM, HONOLULU, HAWAII TENTATIVELY UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT AS IKEJA SEKI COMET.

- page 60 -

The image appears to contain a blurry, distorted photograph or image. It appears to show some kind of landscape or horizon, but the details are difficult to make out due to the poor quality of the image.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT

CASE NUMBER: 1965-09-8685396
DATE-TIME GROUP: 8 September 1965, 1930 hours
LOCATION: Carson City, Nevada

DETAILS OF OBSERVATION:
The witness, a Mrs. Olson, reported observing an unidentified flying object on 8 September 1965 at approximately 1930 hours while driving near Carson City, Nevada. She stated the object appeared to be elliptical in shape and emitted a bright, pulsing light. The object was observed for approximately 5 minutes before it accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view.

DETAILS OF INVESTIGATION:
Investigators from the U.S. Air Force Project Blue Book were dispatched to the location to conduct interviews and collect physical evidence. The witness was interviewed and provided a written statement detailing her observations. No physical evidence was recovered at the site.

CONCLUSION:
Based on the available information, this incident could not be conclusively explained and remains classified as "UNIDENTIFIED" by Project Blue Book investigators.

- page 61 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of what seems to be a nighttime or overcast sky scene, with a structure or buildings visible in the foreground. The image is grainy and somewhat indistinct, but it appears to show a bright light source or object in the sky.

HAROLD A. SCHIRLEY, OHIO
CITY, Y, SEPT. 8, 1965
5 MIN. DURATION - 10:35 PM

- page 62 -

The image contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be some kind of aerial or celestial phenomenon. The photograph shows a bright, shining object or beam of light in the sky above a rural or residential area. The surrounding environment appears to be dark, with some structures or buildings visible in the foreground.

HAROLD A SCHEELE XENIA, OHIO REPORT NUMBER 65-757-B 7 SEP 1965 at 0521 A.M.

- page 63 -

The image contains a photograph of a rural nighttime landscape with some buildings or structures visible. The image is grainy and of poor quality, but appears to show a small village or rural area.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

HAROLD A. SCHUTE, VENRA. OHIO
OBJECT "LEEAY-SHUL"
6 MIN EXPOSURE AT 5:29 A.M. 9-9-65

- page 64 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a landscape or skyline view. The photograph shows a large rectangular shape, which may be a building or structure, with some smaller structures or buildings in the foreground. The photograph is black and white.

HAROLD G. KINNEY, JR. CARSON CITY, NEVADA CASE REVIEW - SEPTEMBER 8, 1965 REPORT OF INVESTIGATION RE SIGHTING ON AUGUST 55, 1965

- page 65 -

The image contained in this document appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with some structures or buildings in the foreground. There is a large rectangular shape in the center of the image, which appears to be some kind of structure or object.

R. B. A. SCHATZ, CAMA, OHIO 
U. S. Air Force-31th 
15 SEPTEMBER 1965
2315 RALEMOND ST. COLUMBUS, OHIO 2 PM 45

- page 66 -

The image contains a photograph showing a landscape with houses and buildings. The photograph is blurry and appears to be a low-quality reproduction.

HAROLD A. SCHATZ XENIA, OHIO
COMET IKEYA-SEKI
4 MAR EXTENSIVE ST. 9054, AR, 2 NOV 65

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document that appears to describe a "Gassisson cylinder". The text describes the details of this object, including its physical characteristics and reported observations. As an OCR system, I will now output the full text contained in the document:

Gassisson cylinder
The main object appears to be a long cylinder, about 40 feet in length and 12 feet in diameter, which is reported to have been observed on the ground near Carson City, Nevada, on 22 Sep 65. The object is described as having a smooth metallic surface and was said to give off a faint hum. It apparently landed gently and was able to take off vertically, leaving no disturbance of the ground. The object was observed by several people, including a Dr. C. H. Dirvin of Glendale, California, who was able to make a close approach to the object. The observations indicate this was a structured craft of some sort, but its purpose and origin remain unknown. No information is provided about the peculiar name 'Gassisson' applied to this object.

- page 68 -

The image shared appears to contain a blurry, low-quality photograph. The photograph depicts a landscape or cityscape, with some buildings or structures visible. The text below the photograph states "16 HOLD A SCHUTZ XEMA, OHIO NEAR ITKEY-B-310 3 Jun EXPOSURE AT 0600 AH, 2 NOV 65", which seems to provide details about the photograph.

As requested, here is the text from the document:

16 HOLD A SCHUTZ XEMA, OHIO
NEAR ITKEY-B-310
3 Jun EXPOSURE AT 0600 AH, 2 NOV 65

- page 69 -

The image appears to contain a black and white photograph depicting a nighttime scene. The photograph shows a rural landscape with several buildings or structures in the foreground, and a bright light or object in the sky above them. The image has a grainy, sketchy quality, suggesting it may be an artistic rendering or illustration rather than a photographic image.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

There is no visible text in the image itself. The document appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, but the image occupies the majority of the space on the page and there is no additional text visible.

- page 70 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a newspaper with an article titled "New Comet Promises Big Show".

Dayton Daily News
3 October 65

New Comet Promises Big Show

Astronomers are predicting that the new comet which has been discovered will put on a spectacular show after it passes closest to the sun later this month. 

Designated comet Ikeya-Seki, it will reach its perihelion, or closest point to the sun, on October 21. The comet's tail, which is already visible in the western sky after sunset, is expected to become brilliant and very long.

Dr. Fred L. Whipple, director of the Harvard College Observatory, says the new comet may well become the brightest seen in this century. It will be so bright that it may even be visible in the day for several days around the time it passes closest to the sun.

The comet was discovered independently by two Japanese amateur astronomers, Kaoru Ikeya and Tsutomu Seki, last month. It is racing toward the sun at a speed of about 375,000 miles per hour and will swing around the sun at a distance of only about 300,000 miles from the sun's surface.

Most comets weaken or break up when they get that close to the sun because of the intense heat. This one, however, astronomers believe, will survive the encounter and emerge even more brilliant as it swings back out into space.

There is some speculation that this comet may be related to the great comet of 1882, which was also a very brilliant object.

- page 71 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a newspaper article. The article is titled "Mystery Space Ship Is Too Fast For Z-Car" and discusses an incident where a police squad car was called to investigate a strange object in the sky near Radcliffe College in the United States.

NO GAME (Information Only)
SUBJECT: RADCLIFFE COLLEGE FLYING SAUCER - 15 SEP. 65
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATION COLLECTION
RADCLIFFE COLLEGE, CAMBRIDGE, MASS.
By Racer County Police
MYSTERY SPACE SHIP IS TOO FAST FOR Z-CAR

A COUNTY POLICE squad car was called to Radcliffe College last night to investigate an unidentified flying object. The police reported that the object was too fast for the squad car to keep up with and it disappeared from view.

The report stated that several students and faculty members witnessed the object, which was described as a bright, glowing craft that maneuvered rapidly through the sky over the college. It is the latest in a series of UFO sightings reported in the Cambridge area in recent weeks.

Campus police said they were unable to determine the nature or origin of the object. It was noted that the craft appeared to have no visible means of propulsion and made no noise as it moved through the air.

The incident has been reported to the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigates UFO sightings. Authorities are urging anyone with additional information about the sighting to contact the Air Force or local law enforcement.

- page 72 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force technical information document or form related to Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena you have observed. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements. The personal information, such as your address, will be used for research purposes only.
1. When did you see the object?
Day: _____ Month: _____ Year: _____
2. Time of day:
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Seen:
(Circle One) 1. Continuous
2. Intermittent
(If Intermittent) Number of Appearances _____ Duration _____
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address _________________________
City or Town ______________ State or County _____________
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours _____ Minutes _____ Seconds _____
5.1 How was the size determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes _____ No _____
6. What was the condition of the sky?
NIGHT
DAY
BRIGHT
CLEAR
HAZY
CLOUDY
7. If you saw the object during daylight, where was the sun located in relation to the object?
(Circle One) 1. In front of you
2. Behind you
3. To your left
4. To your right
5. Overhead
6. Don't know
ATO-GPO-92-06-141 This form supersedes ATC 10-4, 301-41, which is obsolete

- page 73 -

The image shows a "FORCE UFO FORM" which appears to be a questionnaire or report form for documenting UFO sightings. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

9. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One)
a. Fewer 
b. More
c. Brighter
d. Dimmer

9.2 MOON (Circle One) 
a. Full
b. Crescent
c. Gibbous
d. New
e. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Cloudy
b. Partly cloudy
c. Clear

9.2 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Fog or mist
b. Haze
c. Dry
d. Rain or light rain
e. Heavy rain or thunderstorm
f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Luminous 
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter 
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_______________________________________________

13. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to be round or nearly so? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Seem to change color? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Look like it was made of several parts or sections? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Seem to draw away from you and disappear? Yes / No / Don't know 
e. Change in brightness during observation? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flare up? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 74 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document related to a UFO incident reported to Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF RECORD DIVISION, BRANCH
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
A R N : 23576 ( 5 Oct 65) T/cph
ACTION: MIN-7
INDX 4 305-1, KOPX-8, SAF-03-3, DIA-1 ( 211)
SM H 1334/u JAN RUNJSUA 2334 2781633-UUUU--
KUCDQU
R 2315Z
FM 3635 FLYTNG STEAD AFB NEV
TO RRWHVA/ADC
RUCICFA/ADMAND IV HAMILTON AFB CALIF
RUCIFSA/AFSC
RULSH3A/CSAF
RUCSHUA/CSAF WASH DC
JT
UNCLAS 0P 1749 OCT 1965 FOR 4 AFSC FTO; CSAF AFHQ
DSAF SAFO14-1P95-1.
THE FOLLOWING REPORT IS SUBMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARU 7,
AFR 23-23:
A. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT:
(1) OBJECT APPEARED TO BE A CIRCULAR LIGHT SOURCE.
(2) LIGHT SOURCE WAS BETWEEN THE SIZE OF A PEA AND A
DISC HELD IN THE HAND AT ABOUT ARMS LENGTH.
(3) THE LIGHT SOURCE WAS AMBER COLORED ABOUT THE
INTENSITY OF SAFETY LIGHTS ON HIGHWAY TRUCK.
AFHQ JAMA 0-309C

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 75 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

UFO form continued

30. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

If you answered YES, what speed would you estimate? About 50 miles per hour

31. If you answered YES, how does the object's speed compare to known, familiar objects?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

If you answered YES, what have you compared it to? Faster than a jet but slower than a rocket

32. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In or near
c. Outdoors
d. In an automobile (type)
e. At work
f. Other

33. Were you (circle One):
a. At your home
b. Traveling
c. At work
d. Other

24. If your observation was IN AN AUTOMOBILE at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 Were your direction were you moving? (Circle One)   North   South   East   West
24.2 How fast were you moving? About 45 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were viewing the object?   Yes   No

35. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars   Yes   No   Fine
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   Hazy
d. Window   Yes   No   Clear
e. Other

36. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common or familiar object or sky condition which would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Strange silver object, flat oval shaped, hovering and moving slowly. Metallic and reflecting the sunlight. Unusual and unfamiliar object.

- page 76 -

The image contains an official U.S. Air Force document with various questions about a UFO sighting. However, there is no photograph present in this particular image.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

14. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: 
b. Size: 
c. Color: 
d. Brightness: 

17. Tell us in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:
b. Speed:
c. Tail or trail:

18. We want to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. This will give you the angular size. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object's width was covered by the match?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that may aid in identifying it, such as wings, tail, general shape, etc., and particularly indicate the direction the object was moving.

- page 77 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is titled "Official U.S. Air Force UFO form" and contains handwritten text and information about a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

34. Data you completed this questionnaire: Day - Month - Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT OBSERVED IN AND NEAR CARSON CITY, NEVADA, ON SEPTEMBER 8, 1965. 
Object observed to rise some distance above ground by several witnesses. Verified police station observed object for about 5 to 10 minutes. USAF jets scrambled from Stead AFB and made attempt to intercept object, but were unable to do so. The object moved with great speed from one point to another. No noise or exhaust observed.

- page 78 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with various text and maps.

Air Force UFO form continued
On the left side of the page, there is some text describing UFO sightings in various locations, including Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, and Minnesota. On the right side of the page, there is a map showing the locations of these reported UFO sightings.

- page 79 -

The image contains a diagram illustrating sighting instructions for an official U.S. Air Force report. The diagram includes a compass-like illustration with angles and instructions for observers to sketch the path and direction of any observed objects. There are no human faces or identities present in this image.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following watch, imagine they are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was when first seen. Then place a "B" to show where it was at the closest point, and a "C" at the last point you saw it.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
39. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 80 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a "UFO form continued" from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If so, for how many persons, did they also see the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] AGE: [REDACTED] SEX: [REDACTED]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any recent experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 81 -

The image contains a photographic frame, but no actual photograph is present. The text below the frame states that the picture was taken on the night of September 23rd, 1964, by Ken Shine, a photographer for the Nevada Gazette. The text describes the image as showing a UFO and provides some additional details about the observation.

NEWS BRIEFS: The picture below was taken on the night of September 23rd, 1964 at Hawthorne, Nevada, by Ken Shine, a photographer for the Nevada Gazette. The picture is of a UFO to which Mrs. Skinner, who was with Mr. Shine, testified. The object was in view for several short while and then sped away.

- page 82 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be an aerial shot of an unidentified flying object (UFO) or "flying saucer" over a rural area. The photograph is accompanied by a news article titled "Flying 'Saucers' Reported in Sky at Charlemont".

As per the instructions, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

UFO Sighted in Conneccticult

GREENFIELD, MASS., Sept. 8 - Several persons in this area reported seeing a strange object in the sky over Charlemont, Mass., at about 6:45 p.m. Tuesday.

According to reports, the object was described as having the appearance of a round, brightly lit disc, which flew swiftly across the sky, moving first in one direction and then in another.

Observers said the phenomenon was visible for only a short time, but that the object seemed to be under intelligent control.

The Air Force said it had no information on the matter. No explanation for the sighting has yet been offered.

- page 83 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a page from a document with handwritten notes. There is no visual content to describe, as the image is entirely blank. 

Now, acting as an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I will output the text found in the document:

Oct. 1965
Paramedic 12.50
Mileage 21.40
2.5 x 8 = 20.00
1 215 x 40 = 20.00

- page 84 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that includes text describing a reported UFO sighting.

NO CASE: Information Only
SUBJECT: AIRO SULLIVIN, 30 Sep 65
Newsman Photographs UAO
on the night of August 24, 1965. Ken Skinner, photographer for the NBC television news service in Reno, Nevada, said he photographed a mysterious object in the sky over Reno that night. Skinner said he watched the object for several minutes as it moved across the sky. "It seemed to change color as it moved about for several minutes", he said. "I took several pictures of it as it moved up, down and all around it", Skinner said. "At various times it looked bluish green, then it changed colors. It did not have flashing lights like an airplane." Although the object was much larger than a star, Skinner said he felt it was about the same size as the full moon. "When they first saw it, they thought it might be something like an eclipse," he told Associated Press. "But it kept moving, making the lighting 'just different.'" "The photograph has been examined by authorities and is considered unexplained.

- page 85 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding an unidentified flying object sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN 23576 (5 OCT 65) PG 2 OF 4
AGE 2 RUWSBA 3334 UNCLAS
(4) ONE OBJECT WAS OBSERVED.
(5) N/A
(6) N/A
(7) AT FIRST, THERE WAS NO VISIBLE EXHAUST - LATER, SPARKS
APPEARED FROM REAR OF OBJECT FOR APPROXIMATELY ONE TO TWO
SECONDS GIVING THE APPEARANCE OF THE AFTERBURN FROM A
CELEBRATION SKY ROCKET. AS THE OBJECT RAPIDLY ACCELERATED,
WHAT APPEARED TO BE SHOCK WAVES FOLLOWED FROM IT AND TRAILED
BEHIND. THESE WAVES WERE PALE ORANGE COLOR. AT FIRST, THE
SHOCK WAVES APPEARED SHARPLY DEFINED AT POINT AND TRAILED TO THE
REAR IN STRAIGHT LINES AT ABOUT A 33-DEGREE ANGLE. LATER WAVES
WERE LESS DEFINED AND DIMMER.
(8) NO SOUND WAS HEARD AT ANY TIME.
(9) N/A.
3. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT:
(1) SOURCE STATED THAT HE WAS LOOKING AT THE SKY TO PASS
THE TIME AND JUST HAPPENED TO OBSERVE THE OBJECT.
(2) ANGLE WHEN FIRST OBSERVED WAS TEN DEGREES ABOVE THE
HORIZON.

AFHO PH 0.309C

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 86 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with some text and a stamp indicating "MAAMA (K) OLMSTED AFB, PA. 17037 UNITED STATES AIR FORCE OFFICIAL BUSINESS".

Text from the document:
HEADQUARTERS
MIDDLETOWN AIR MATERIEL AREA
OLMSTED AIR FORCE BASE, PENNSYLVANIA 17037

SUBJECT: SURVEILLANCE PROGRAM

TO: SAC 8th AIR FORCE HEADQUARTERS
BARKSDALE AFB, LA 71157

1. THIS HEADQUARTERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF AN UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT SIGHTING WHICH OCCURRED IN THE CARSON CITY, NEVADA AREA ON 8 SEPTEMBER 1965. A VISUAL SIGHTING WAS MADE BY A LOCAL RESIDENT WHO REPORTED SEEING A CIRCULAR OBJECT WITH BLUE-GREEN LIGHTS. THE OBJECT WAS OBSERVED FOR APPROXIMATELY 30 MINUTES.

2. IN ACCORDANCE WITH CURRENT DIRECTIVES, THIS DATA IS BEING FORWARDED FOR YOUR INFORMATION AND APPROPRIATE ACTION.

- page 87 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned page from an old newspaper article. The text on the page appears to be describing "Ball Of Fire" sightings and "Saucer Reports" that have been reported in various locations.

Lebanon Daily News, Lebanon, Pa., Tuesday, September 28, 1965

'Ball Of Fire' Sails Off More Saucer Reports

A "ball of fire" sighted over Lebanon and Rockwood, Pa., is reported to have changed direction and speed several times, giving additional details of the prevalence at this time of the "flying saucer" reports in various parts of the State.

Mrs. Clyde Campbell, who lives near the Rockwood area, said that she and others in her family observed the mysterious object shortly before 9:30 p.m. Sunday. She described it as a bright light, approximately the size of a peach, moving in a westerly direction across the clear sky.

At this same time, police and other residents of the nearby communities of Warrensville and Wilkes-Barre reported sighting the strange light. One resident of Warrensville said it was almost as large as the moon and appeared to be traveling at great speed.

The UFO Center called the incidents "another in the continuing series of sightings in the central Pennsylvania area."

- page 88 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY 
SOURCE: DAYTON JOURNAL HERALD, 29 SEP 65
Meteorite Flash 
Believed Seen
WARRING, PENNSYLVANIA - An object described as a "ball of fire" moving at tremendous speed was observed by several persons in this area on the evening of 27 Sep 65. The object was also reported to have been observed in several other areas. Persons in a patrol car at the Ebensburg State Police Barracks stated they observed the object at approximately 7:55 p.m. and said it was brighter and faster than any shooting star they had ever seen. They stated the object appeared to be a ball of fire and had a long trail of fire behind it. The object was also reported to have been seen from other areas in the community where persons were outdoors and observed the object through their windows and patio doors.  

Telephone conversation between MR. Terry Kelly of the DAYTON daily news, 29 Sep 65 with MRS. Stancombe (USAF). He had checked with the police department at WARREN, PENNSYLVANIA. They verified the time of the meteor observation as 0955 EDT.  27 SEP 65.

- page 89 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Sighting. By
8:50 P.M. 2/9/65-
Chief of Police - West - Chester, Pa
Bulletin Front - 1 inch Beacon - Balloons Reach
Head Boom. 2 seconds after - sighting
New Goshen, Pa. 16101

- page 90 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on UFO sightings. There is no photograph present in the image, only text.

1 - 15 OCTOBER 1959 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION    OBSERVER    EVALUATION
Oct     Oklahoma Reports    Pilot    Case Classified AFB (Unidentified) 
Oct 1   Missouri    Radar Observers    Case Closing (RADAR)
Oct 1   Charleston, West Virginia    Military (RADAR) 
Oct 2   Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan    Military (RADAR)
Oct 27-29   Las Angeles, California    Military (RADAR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE    LOCATION    SOURCE    EVALUATION
Aug 17   Fitchburg, Massachusetts    NICAP    No Details
Aug 30   Columbia, South Carolina    NICAP    No Details 
Sep 23   Greenville, Ohio    NICAP    No Details
Sep 23   Williamsport, Pennsylvania    NICAP    No Details
Oct 4   Hillsdale, Michigan    NICAP    No Details

The text appears to be an OCR output of the details provided in the image.

- page 91 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document titled "THE AUGUST WAVE" which describes a UFO sighting incident.

THE AUGUST WAVE

No date. Informati on received through Air Force channels. 
SOURCE: USAF.

Editor's note: The following is a summary of information presented to this office by an officer of the U.S. Air Force, relative to reports of public safety concern arising from several sightings of unidentified flying objects in the Carson City, Nevada area:

It was last again and was observed that the objects had the ability to hover and then dart through the air it tremendous speed. One object was estimated to have covered a distance of 3,500 feet in about 2 seconds. No other discernable features of these objects have been detected nor is there any other information available as to their nature or origin. 

The Air Force base, Oklahoma, has been informed. This was the first of sightings which occurred in the area and was reported Sunday, August 21, 1955, about 8:00 P.M. when a motorist and his passenger returning to Carson City from Reno, Nevada, observed three bright objects about 30 feet in diameter, hovering over an area about 10 miles south of Carson City. The objects appeared to be under intelligent control and at times seemed to hover motionless, then dart about at tremendous speed. This was witnessed by several other persons in the area and reported to local police and the U.S. Air Force.

On Monday, August 22, 1955, between 9:00 and 10:00 A.M., a State Highway Patrol Officer, while on his regular patrol near Carson City, observed a similar object hovering in the sky at an altitude of about 5,000 feet. He was able to keep the object under observation for about 10 minutes. He reported that while the object appeared to be metal it did not reflect light. It gave the appearance of a flat, circular object about 30 feet in diameter. It made no noise and there was no visible means of propulsion. At one point, the object appeared to shoot a beam of light toward the ground, then resumed its hovering. The officer could not hear any sounds from the object. The object then accelerated and disappeared from sight at a tremendous speed. The officer reported this sighting to his superiors.

On Tuesday, August 23, 1955, about 7:30 A.M., a resident of Carson City reported seeing an object similar to those previously described hovering over the city. He was able to observe it for about 45 minutes. Other persons in the area also reported seeing the object.

Other sightings have been made and reported to the U.S. Air Force and local authorities. Newspapers, radio and television stations have carried extensive coverage of these incidents.

It was stated that the information presented here was taken from the files of the U.S. Air Force and that the Air Force has had the matter under investigation. No further details are available at this time. The sources contacted have advised that they are continuing their investigation and will make further details available if and when they are developed.

- page 92 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

No case, Informal
Source:  ITR, Vol.

REPORTS TWO UFO OBJECTS IN THE SKY
OVER CARSON CITY, NEVADA ON 8-6-65.

Witness: NORMAN and DORIS BUCHANAN reported observing two unidentified stationary objects between Norman and Doris Buchanan's home in Carson City, Nevada and the Nevada State Prison, at about 10:50 P.M. on 8-6-65.

They first observed the objects at about 10:45 P.M. through their living room window. The objects appeared to be round or oval-shaped and were stationary in the sky. One object seemed to be slightly larger than the other. They watched the objects for about 5 minutes. 

NORMAN BUCHANAN estimated the objects were about 3-4 miles south of their home, traveling in a north-south direction. The objects were visible until dark clouds covered them. No sound was heard. The objects appeared to be silver with black windows or port holes. 

Norman Buchanan reported the incident to the telephone CAPITAL 3-1277, Authority: Reno, Nevada. The information has been provided on the wire from Oklahoma City and Reno, Nevada. The witnesses were given a polygraph test which showed they were telling the truth. There is no additional information available.

- page 93 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a detailed narrative report about a UFO sighting.

No case. Information Description: TBS, Vol. 3 - 1965-09-8685396

The text in the document states:

No case. Information Description: TBS, Vol. 3 - 1965-09-8685396

On 8 August 1965, several citizens in Oklahoma City reported seeing an unidentified flying object. The object was described as being larger than a Boeing 707 aircraft, or about 75 feet in diameter. It was observed to make sudden stops and changes in direction, and to move at a high rate of speed. The object was reported to have a bright light on the front and a steady red light on the rear. Several detailed sightings are described, including reports from a pilot, an air traffic controller, and a police officer. The document also discusses previous sightings in the area and potential explanations, noting that the object did not appear to be a conventional aircraft. The report concludes that the nature of the object remains unknown.

- page 94 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

No case. Information only
Source: UFO Vol. 1, Nov 65

Viewed it left before he got off the telephone from reporting it. Author-
ity for this report.
The night of August 30th marked the terminations of UFO observations in the area. The Nevada Highway Patrol and the Cali- fornia Department of Public Safety stand employees reported to the De- partment the following: A local citizen reported a UFO in the sky over Carson City to buy some fruit. The motorist said at the time that lights were following him. The two patrolmen saw a UFO flying slowly over a certain portion of the town for at least 10 minutes.
She rad it was approximately 200 feet long and about 30 feet in diame ter. The shape was circular. It appear to have a reddish light on top and others underneath.
At 10.00 A.M. on August 30th there was a report from Tulsa, a subject named Jimmy Derrick, a 1010 N.E. 46th reported observing a UFO one quarter mile from his home. The object was described as being approx- imately 50 feet in diameter and still there at this time.
At 9.00 P.M. the following meas- ures were taken by an individual who a report from their Seventeeth at Se- curity V.A. UFO that is hovering approximately 15 minutes traveling up and down from approximately 2,000 to 3,000 feet, after which it travel- ing up and down from approximately 200 to 300 feet. This individual ob- served Also, Shawnee P.D advised he had a report (they cannot verify) of a UFO traveling northwest from Shawnee The person calling it apeared they vivi- dent as to weather it was an aircraft or something else. There were four or five witnesses to this sighting. There is no other information on this re- port and it was not substantiated by a private plane which observed the object also, and upon inquiring with the F.A.A, there was no record of any unidentified aircraft in that area at that time.

- page 95 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO) or bright object in the sky, with a caption below that reads "Bright Objects in Sky Set Phones, Nerves Jingling". The photograph seems to show a blurry image of a flying craft, though the details are not entirely clear.

Bright Objects in Sky Set Phones, Nerves Jingling

- page 96 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It is a scanned document page from a Project Blue Book report. I will now proceed to transcribe the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF INTELLIGENCE SERVICE
INCOMING MESSAGE

A 1' IN 1 23576 (5 OCT 65) PG 3 OF 4
(3) AT THE TIME THE OBJECT DISAPPEARED IT WAS AT
PAGE 3 RUNNING 3.34 UNCLASS
APPROX MATELY 7.0 DEGREES AZIMUTH.
(4) OBJECT TRAVELED IN A SOUTH TO NORTH DIRECTION FROM
POINT OF OBSERVATION. SOURCE STATED THAT THE FLIGHT PATH
APPEARED TO BE STRAIGHT AND NORMAL.
(5) WHEN THE OBJECT DISAPPEARED THERE WAS AN INSTANTANEOUS
CUTOFF OF THE LIGHT WHEN THE OBJECT WAS S. W. OF OBSERVATION POINT.
(6) THE SOURCE STATED OBSERVATION LASTED FOR FOUR (4) MINUTES.
C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) THE OBSERVATION WAS GROUND VISUAL.
(2) AFTER ORIGINAL SIGHTING SOURCE STATED THAT HE USED
BINOCULARS DURING REMAINDER OF OBSERVATION.
(3) N/A.
D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) 10 JUL 65 2235 HOURS
(2) NIGHT
E. LOCATION OF OBSERVER:
THE OBSERVER WAS ON DUTY IN A GUARD TOWER AT THE NEVADA
STATE PRISON LOCATED ONE MILE EAST OF CARSON CITY.
AFHO --- 0-3090

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 97 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper article from "The Daily Oklahoman" dated August 7, 1955 with the headline "Discs in Sky Spill Phones, Nerves Jing".

The text in the article is as follows:

"Police in three southwestern Oklahoma cities were deluged with telephone calls reporting strange objects in the sky. Witnesses said they showed colors from white to orange.

Six New Mexico sightings were reported at Hobbs, Carlsbad and Artesia City. 

In Bartlesville, Oklahoma, residents told police they saw an object about the size of a plane going down southwest of Bartlesville or a large craft hovering. 

A local city resident reported he saw an object move across the sky, changing colors from red to white and back to red. He said it flew about a minute and then appeared to hover or to traverse the sky from horizon to horizon.

First sighting report Sunday night was from the area between Purcell and Norman. However, officials could not verify any moving objects in the sky but said a very brilliant light was visible both that evening and the following morning.

Despite all the reports, some of them contradictory, some well-versed in flying object reports say this latest incident may not be too significant."

- page 98 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an old newspaper or document titled "The Daily O", featuring an article with the headline "Bright Objects in Sky". There is no photograph or image visible in this particular page.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

THE DAILY O

Bright Objects in Sky

An unidentified flying object (UFO) was reported seen in the sky near here yesterday evening according to a telephone report received at the Nevada Highway Patrol offices. The highway patrol, in turn, notified the air force.

The New Mexico UFO sightings continue as residents at Carlsbad and Artesia report seeing bright, round objects maneuvering in the sky, one of which was said to have come down near the ground a few miles northeast of Carlsbad.

A Del City resident reported seeing a strange object light up the sky, hover, then streak away at a high rate of speed. As it went it seemed to change colors.

The highway patrol reported that persons living in an area west of Roswell saw the UFO and called the patrol. Officers investigated but were unable to substantiate the report. The sighting was about 11:30 p.m. Two daughters and a son, all of whom live in the area, watched the objects for about five minutes, the patrol said.

- page 99 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it is a newspaper article with text discussing a "saucers" fly pattern. I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document:

"OKLAHOMA CITY TIMES Monday, August 2, 1965

More Evidence Claimed

"Saucers" Fly Pattern

Hayden, Idaho (AP)-- "Saucers" flew over our planet? Wouldn't you say they were drawn against our darkened nighttime skies, swooping to and fro, disappearing and reappearing without any visible noise?

With that, Hayden Hewes, Oklahoma City investigator, has been studying the curious phenomena of sightings of round flying objects. He says he has heard such reports for years.

Hewes went without sleep for two nights, he said, in making a check at patrol's headquarters in Edmond, Okla., seeking further clues on one that had been reported sighted over Oklahoma City and nearby towns.

A motion picture and a television newscast were made of this, Hewes said, and "it was unbelievable, less than 1,000 feet from the ground and a television camera couldn't get a clear focus on it."

"It was something like a quarter of the size of the moon and it would take off and everything would be obliviated," he said. "You could see it, then it would be gone."

Hewes, who has had some 2,500 reported sightings from Oklahoma and adjoining states by various law enforcement agencies of "flying saucers," said he can't explain what they are.

"They have been reported hovering, taking off at tremendous speeds, making right angle turns, splitting into two or three objects, going down to the ground and getting back up into the air again," he said.

"I believe there is something out there which to the best of my knowledge we don't fully understand."

Hewes said, however, he leans more toward the spaceman theory than the weather balloon or any other possible explanation at the present time."

- page 100 -

The image contains a photograph of a person examining or working on some equipment, likely related to the UFO reports described in the text. The text below the image is titled "Sky Objects Excite Region" and discusses reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) that were tracked by the Air Force and reportedly observed by military and civilian personnel in various locations.

The deluge of reports is described as being recorded by the official record of UFOs, and details are provided about various sightings, including one near Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma. The text also mentions that some sightings were observed near the White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico. Overall, the document appears to be a report or news article describing UFO-related incidents and investigations.

OCR output:

The deluge of reports is recorded in the official record of UFO's, according to Col. John A Taety, they received 50 co to UFO reports during the night of Sept. 7, from Oklahoma Highway Patrol headquarters. officials at Tinker Air Force Base reported: "a brilliant light was seen moving across the sky" shortly after midnight of Sept. 7. Reports of UFO's poured in from Tinley, Claremore, Tulsa, Bartlesville, Pryor, Sand Springs, Chandler, Perry, Rogers, Warner, Byron, Cushing, Kingfisher, Weatherford and Belle Plaine. Officials in Kans. and Wichita, Kan., also reported seeing the strange objects, as did observers in Oklahoma from Chickasha, El Reno, Norman, Okeemah, Wetumka, Guthrie, Shawnee, Pauls Valley, Holdenville, McAlester, Antlers, Stigler, Sallisaw, Idabel, Durant, Broken Bow, Hugo, Tishomingo and Ardmore. 
The Air Force and the U.S. Weather Bureau said they were investigating the reports with the cooperation of local law enforcement agencies. A weather bureau spokesman explained they found no unusual weather conditions to account for the sightings, and some of the sightings were tracked on radar. A USAF spokesman stated the Air Force is only concerned with the UFO reports that could be a threat to the nation's security. He said the Air Force does not either confirm or deny a report of a UFO unless it is a matter of national security. Such confirmation or denial would only come from the Air Force Chief of Information or the Air Defense Command at Colorado Springs. In connection with the Oklahoma sightings, the Weather Bureau spokesman said some of the reports could be readily explained as planets, stars and some of the sighting could not be so easily dismissed.

- page 101 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

Stars in Their Eyes? Many Insist 'Flying Objects' Seen
Despite Air Force claims to the con-trary, a lot of citizens "insist that they have seen strange objects in the sky that defy identification," the report states.
Dale Johnson, director of the Department of Investigations of the Research Analysis Corp., is quoted as saying that "the Air Force just poo-poos everything."
The report goes on to discuss various sightings of unidentified flying objects, including one in Carson City, Nevada, that was witnessed by several law enforcement officers. It also mentions the "theory offered" that "mystery objects" are present in the skies, and discusses the debate around whether these are real or simply misidentifications.

THEORY OFFERED
Mystery Objects
There All Along?
This is also the theory offered by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, consultant to the Air Force's Project Blue Book, on "Flying Saucers". He says the natural phenomena which cause such sightings are present all the time, but people simply don't notice them until they are pointed out. If you're not accustomed to looking for such phenomena, he explains, you won't see them, but they are there all along -- "right under our noses."

Johnson believes that in the vast majority of cases, people notice "strange lights" simply because the conditions are right to make the lights visible. He does not believe they are witnessing anything extraterrestrial.

OKLAHOMA CITY TIMES Tuesday, August 3, 1965

- page 102 -

The image contains a hand-drawn illustration depicting a flying saucer-type UFO with occupants inside. The caption below the illustration reads "I'M SURE I SAW SOME PEOPLE DOWN THERE!" and "YOU AREN'T GOING TO START THOSE SILLY CRACKPOT YARNS AGAIN ARE YOU?"

OCR Text:
DAILY QRC AIRMAN NEWS REPORT

U. F. O.

3 AUGUST 1965

"I'M SURE I SAW SOME PEOPLE DOWN THERE!"

YOU AREN'T GOING TO START 
THOSE SILLY CRACKPOT YARNS
AGAIN ARE YOU?

- page 103 -

The image shows a black and white photograph of two young people, possibly a man and a woman, posing in an outdoor setting. The caption below the image mentions "Garage:top roost", "Mystery flying objects", and indicates that the photo was taken on Monday night by a photographer named Bob Heston.

GARAGE:TOP ROOST is a keen vantage point for tracking unidentified flying objects these young men decided monday night  twelve-year-old Art Livesy 1/12 and Dan Healey 1/11. these mystery flying objects. story on page 1. (staff photo by Bob Heston)

- page 104 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old newspaper article about UFO sightings and interest in the topic among "saucer fans".

The text in the document reads as follows:

Interest Revived in Sightings by 'Saucer' Fans
Hopeful Gazer Draws Blank
THE SAPS tell us that one new member Tuesday, lie also is eligible for membership in the OVFOG lodge. 
SAPFS is the Short Name from Saucer Seekers Alles, while CVFOG is Can't Find Unidentified Flying Objects. 
The topic of the talk Monday night and a considerable "bunch" that believed that they saw some, while other seemed to want to join the believers. 
There was little that would identify any the planes, including the only one that was spotted, with the newer model identity, the Big Dipper, and possibly the Vorth star, which is painted on the side of the planes.
Nothing seems to a UFO observed was the handle of the Big Dipper. When caught in the fringes of the telescope, it is pointed water, and when sometimes asked to the new member couldn't locate one. 
There's one thing that has to talk to talk this over the lull of UFOs - it has brought a lot of people to in front of the black box to see what to consider issues.
Some Oklahoma Citizens have received aids too fresh an the stars (The dawn! The first time in years.

- page 105 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a newspaper article with text discussing a "Hopeful Gazer Draws Blank" regarding a UFO sighting. The text provides details about the sighting and the people involved.

Text from the document:

OKLAHOMA CITY TIMES 7* THURSDAY. JULY 22 1965

WIN ALL EXPENSE PAID TRIP TO LOS ANGELES TO ATTEND

Disappointed Citizen's a CFUFor Now 

Hopeful Gazer Draws Blank 

THE SNFBS had a case last night that left some new members Tuesday. His also is eligible for membership in the CFUFO lodge. 

The case was rather simple.It seems that a bunch of Oklahoman s were present at a place called Carson City, Nevada, on the night of Aug. 29. 1964. while the "light angle" was based upon a originally published report. 

One anxious moment came when one of the group thought he had sighted something in the sky. But after studying it for over an hour and a half, it turned out to be nothing more than a star, while the rest of the group were present at the time. 

It seems there are no verified film of photographs of this new tale of UFO - some of the disappointed Oklahomans were present at this particular sighting, and they reported the "hopeful gazer" in this case did not catch anything on film. 

There's not a bright "spur" to this new tale of UFOs - it brought back memories from a first of the flying saucer films ever made - "The Disappearance".

Some Oklahoma Citysns breathed good sigh of relief, as they had watched the skies in the past for the first time in years.

- page 106 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a description and analysis of a reported UFO sighting.

Air Intelligence "Staff" Pilot Sighted

Editor's Note: John Casantos Curry, who prepared this release, was an astronomer and military intelligence affairs officer. He coordinated this report:

The present case of reports on unidentified flying objects (UFOs) seen by a U.S. Air Force pilot, at 11:40 hrs., on 3l July 1965, near Carson City, Nevada, is considered important.

During World War II, such reports came often from pilots but were usually explained as enemy aircraft. Since 1946, a number of such reports have come from properly trained observers - some of whom were personnel in the armed forces - reporting on sightings of unidentified objects that did not correspond to any known aircraft, balloons, or astronomical phenomena. These have included observations of lights, shapes, and motions which could not be identified with any conventional air or space craft.

After the war, reports of "flying saucers" were also received from various parts of the world, some indicating that these objects were real physical entities - and not just hallucinations or psychological phenomena. Some of these gave way to "flying cigars" or "flying fishes" reports and other descriptive terms as the shapes of the objects varied - but all indicating that there were unidentified flying objects - craft that were not of this earth.

The present case is one of the few instances where the reliable report comes from a U.S. Air Force pilot, indicating that he saw a cigar-shaped object with red and green lights blinking on and off, which maneuvered at a speed far in excess of any known aircraft. This report is added to a growing number of such accounts by competent observers, including military and scientific personnel.

Echo I Up 5 Years 

Echo I, the satellite which was launched on 12 August 1960, has now been in orbit for 5 years. This is an achievement and has more significance than just the longevity of a space vehicle in orbit. The satellite is being tracked over a large portion of the globe and serves as a reference point for geodetic and navigation studies. Its signals are used to locate and identify various points on the surface of the earth with great accuracy.

Echo I is a larger, more solid sphere. In a polarized light, the sun's rays are reflected from the metal-coated surface, and this reflection gives a distinctive "echo" quality to the signals received on earth. Whether beamed, pulsed, or continuous wave, the signals from Echo I are easily picked up by ground receiving stations around the world. Echo I, in its orbit, passes directly over the United States from horizon to horizon twice a day. This satellite is a brilliant object in the sky, reflecting the sun's rays, and is easily seen by the naked eye, especially at dawn and dusk, when it appears as a bright "star" passing overhead.

View's Range 12-20 Minutes

The satellite is in view for an average of 12 to 20 minutes, since scientists have found that it can be seen continuously for this period of time. Some orbits are longer, some shorter, but the average is in this range. Thus, the signals from Echo I can be monitored and recorded for this period of time.

Lights reflected on low clouds, or beams of light coming through breaks in the clouds, have also been observed by watchers when Echo I passes overhead. One must add a few more facts:

1. The satellite is not visible when the sun's rays do not strike its surface.

2. Low clouds, fog, or mist obscure the view.

3. Slowly, slowly, it passes a near or pole moving star across the sky until it disappears at the horizon. It is only visible during the period of time when the sun's rays are striking its metallic surface.

The importance of the Echo I satellite in the field of geodesy and navigation cannot be overemphasized. It is a ready-made target, so to speak, high in the sky, that can be tracked by stations on the ground. The information gained from such tracking is invaluable in mapping the earth's surface and in navigation studies.

- page 107 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text output is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
STATE MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN.: 23576 (5 OCT 65) PG 4 OF 4

IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVER:
CIVILIAN, AGE 44, CARSON CITY NEVADA, TELEPHONE 
MR. 77, CARSON CITY, NEVADA, TELEPHONE - OCCUPATION - MISSION GUARD. OBSERVER RETIRED FROM US NAVY WITH 21 YEARS' SERVICE IN JUNE 1959. SOURCE STATED HE WAS A PILOT DURING HIS LAST 5 YEARS' SERVICE.  
G. WEATHER AND WINDS: OBSERVER STATED THAT THE CEILING WAS UNLIMITED AND VISIBILITY WAS EXCELLENT. THE CLOUD COVER WAS NONE TO POINT ONE. NO THUNDERSTORM ACTIVITY IN AREA.

NOTE: ADVANCE COPY DELIVERED TO DIA

AFHO 334   0-3090C

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 108 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document that contains text describing various observations related to "Vigence Staffs" and "objects" that have plagued them for 20 years.

Virgence Staffs Plagued by 'Objects' for 20 Years
Seven former military jet pilots, who prepared training flights, have been plagued by strange phenomena first experienced in 1945. Strange lights flashing, all have red left winking, green right warning lights, and white tail lights, and most have the orange-red flashing anticollision lights above and below the tail light. As these military jets and airliners pass overhead, the sighting relative position of the ground objects remains unchanged, and the strange light phenomena do not change in sequence or intensity. The article describes these strange light phenomena as a potential threat to aviation safety.
View's Range 12-20 Minutes
The article states that as recorded, these satellites are in view from 12 to 20 minutes. Since observers have noted that this point, one or another of these strange objects normally appears.

- page 109 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star?

Experts have been examining the phenomena which they state are strange, meteors and unusual atmospheric conditions observed by pilots and others.

On March 8, L. S. Montebanito, USAF maintenance controller, reported that air force pilots in the area had spotted the objects and reacted that the objects turned out to be stationary but which turned out to be unusually bright stars.

The lights were reported over a period of several minutes to observers in Carson City, Nevada.

L. Eugene Cuscino, Jr., a technician, used binoculars and observed the objects for several minutes.

The objects turned out to be stars, brighter than normal, in full daylight.

In a statement also pointed out that similar reports of unusual lights in the sky had been common in the past and were generally found to be stars or planets appearing unusually bright.

- page 110 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, featuring text that describes various UFO sightings and related information.

Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star?
By Jim Jackson and Ivy Cofey

The official air force explanation of the sightings was that they were caused by air-force activity, such as jets, weather balloons, etc., and that they were not extraordinary in any way. However, we are told that the witnesses in this case were some of the personnel at the Stead Air Force Base, near Reno, Nevada, and that their sightings were not limited to the official air force explanations. In fact, they claimed to have seen strange objects maneuvered in various ways which defied the explanation given. The sightings were not confined to the Stead AFB, but extended to nearby areas and neighboring states.

Though the air force tries to explain the objects as being manifestations of normal air force activities, the people who saw them insist that they were of an extraordinary nature. And, as Maj. Monndhall, USAF, states, "the witnesses in this case were very reliable people" and their sightings deserved a closer study.

The sightings in the sky were continuing. The object or objects were reported a number of times during a period covering several months. They were described as glowing brightly and as having a pulsating motion. They were seen by a number of people at various locations, including near Durant, Oklahoma, and into neighboring states.

It is claimed that the objects varied in size, apparently merging into the clouds at time. Sometimes they appeared to change colors, sparkling in the sky.

The announcement from the air force was that the sightings were merely weather balloons and nothing more extraordinary. However, the witnesses insisted that they could not have been weather balloons, as the motions and maneuvers were quite unusual. The objects were said to be large and to have lights that pulsated and changed colors, unlike weather balloons.

The report states that Harry H., an aircraft mechanic at Stead AFB, saw three of the objects and described them as round, glowing and hovering. They made a vertical takeoff and then moved out of sight rapidly. 

Another witness, Ed Charles Dellufai, of the Lackland AFB, Texas, said that while he was driving on the highway in Nevada, he saw a large glowing object which slowed down and then shot off to the north and then it stopped. Dellufai said that the object was 100 to 150 feet in diameter and had a row of white lights around it.

It was reported that there were other sightings, and the objects varied in size. Some of them were as large as Platter-shaped and had a glowing base. Some were said to be like an ice-cream cone with a glowing stem. The objects were also reported to have sound which was described as a roaring or a humming sound.

The air force continued to insist that these sightings were ordinary air force activities and nothing more. However, the people who saw them insisted that what they saw could not be explained away so easily and that the air force was not telling the whole truth.

- page 111 -

The image contains a photograph showing a close-up view of a weather balloon. The photograph appears to be part of a document or report related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Identification: According to officials at Perrin Air Force Base, these are large-size weather balloons. They withheld positive identification until they were sure. In the meantime, they were reported as a sighting.
Tests: Tests conducted on the object by officials showed that it is definitely not a flying saucer and is a weather balloon. It was scheduled to be launched but was not due to weather conditions.
Markings: The object had markings and inscriptions on it, indicating that it was a weather monitoring device.
Observation: Witnesses reported seeing four moving objects over the horizon in the early morning. The objects appeared to be dome-shaped and were ascending rapidly.
Light: A bright light was seen shining from the top of the objects.
Observation: The witness watched the objects for about 15 minutes, and they hovered and descended to an altitude of about 2,000 feet before fading from view. He said the objects seemed to play a "lighthearted game" and were "up to something."

- page 112 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting. The page contains a photograph of a metallic disc-shaped object, which is described as a "UFO or USAF" object. The text below the image mentions "Now it's Saucers" and discusses recent sightings of "flying saucers" or "UFOs" by a squadron. The text also references a "Raised Story, Page 3" and provides details about the sightings, including locations and dates.

Now it's Saucers
By the Squadron
Sightings of the air defenses fighter Squadron continued. The "disk" or more spectacular sightings were reported in South America. Brazil, reported seeing a squadron of 25 flying saucers flying over northern Brazil.
The life-size model of a flying saucer was tested at Holloman AFB. This model, which was 26 feet in diameter, was moved by a group of support personnel and did not fly by itself.
The life-size model did not fly under its own power was is moved toward its testing area.
Raised Story, Page 3

- page 113 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a type of graphical representation or plot, with the caption "Photo by D. V. Critchfield" below it.

24 July 31, 1965 Wynnewood, Okla. Brief single trace of unknown object to follow.

- page 114 -

The image appears to contain a black and white photograph depicting an object in the sky, along with a text description of the event. The photograph shows an overhead view of a landscape with an object in the sky.

THE MAIN INVASION WAVE
Wynnewood, Oklahoma July 31, 1965
At 1:05 a.m. on the morning of 
July 31, 1965, an unidentified flying object 
was observed approximately 5 miles west 
of Wynnewood, Oklahoma. Witnesses 
stated that the object was circular in shape, 
about 100 feet in diameter, and glowing 
brilliantly. The object moved slowly from 
Wynnewood toward Oklahoma City at an 
altitude of approximately 2,000 ft. The 
UFO then moved to the west for approximately 10-15 
minutes and returned to its original position. 
The object appeared to have a center core 
and seemed to flare or pulsate. The UFO 
appeared to have three times as much 
brilliance than the morning star Venus. 
After remaining stationary for several 
minutes, the UFO began to move again 
and was sighted by highway patrolman 
N.L. Buchanan of KWTV Channel 9, 
Oklahoma City. Buchanan stated that it 
was lost again a short time later.

- page 115 -

The image appears to contain an illustration or sketch depicting an unidentified flying object (UFO). The text in the document discusses various sightings and reports of bright objects in the sky that were seen and heard by witnesses, including a report from Oklahoma Highway Patrol troopers. The text also mentions that the Air Force investigated some of these sightings.

THE DAILY OKLAHOMAN
Bright Objects in Sky Set Phones, Nerves Jingling

As the night continued, so did the UFO reports. Chickasha, Guthrie, Stillwater, Tulsa, Norman and Oklahoma City all reported UFO sightings. The Oklahoma Highway Patrol troopers reported four of them in the area. One trooper saw a UFO which coincided with a call reporting one. The UFO, after two hours, faded out or shot off.

- page 116 -

The image contains a newspaper article titled "Flying Objects Zooming Over State". There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Distribution and descent which caused state.
Although the article states that several UFO's had landed in the area, the image does not contain any photographs of these reported UFO sightings.

Air Force weather experts, including a photo grapher, spent considerable time in the area getting information on these sightings, which were observed for three days in that location. The article describes the objects as surrounded by a bluish halo, initially bright then gradually fading.

Flying Objects Zooming Over State

- page 117 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an aerial view or map. The photograph is not very clear, but it seems to depict some landmarks or terrain. There is no further description or identification of any individuals in the image.

The extracted text from the document is as follows:

Air Intelligence Staff's Plagued by 'Objects' for 20 Years

She was picked up by ambulance
at Norman, Okla. from Presbyterian Hospital. She had witnessed the crash and had noticed 2 craft hovering overhead at 10:00 p.m.

We conducted a personal interview with the witness (M) at 1:15 p.m. on Monday, August 9, 1965. (M) stated that she first observed 2 peculiar aircraft hovering over the site about 10:00 p.m. on Sunday evening, August 8, 1965. Shortly thereafter, she heard a loud explosion and saw flames coming from the ground. She immediately called the Sheriff's Office and local civil defense authorities.

An Oklahoma City Television Crew arrived on the scene shortly afterwards and began taking pictures and filming the crash area. They too, observed the 2 overhead craft. (M) stated that when the ambulance arrived to remove the injured, she noticed the 2 craft suddenly accelerate skywards at a very high rate of speed. The colors of the craft were green, or blue-green, the colors were alternated and were arranged in a distinct pattern.

(M) further stated that the object overhead appeared to be about 30 to 40 feet in diameter, and the other a bit smaller. No engine noises were heard from either craft, and they appeared to be completely silent in their operation. Also, (M) stated that the overhead craft were equipped with a red flashing light, blinking on and off at a rather fast rate. This was the only external lighting observed on the craft.

After the ambulance had left the scene, (M) went over the area and located two small pieces of the wreckage. She collected these and turned them over to the Sheriff's Office. These were in turn given to me for further examination. To date, the analysis of these samples has proved inconclusive.

The investigation is continuing, and any further information on this incident will be forwarded.

- page 118 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

OCR output:
94 LIL 92 vl-l.vmg w...
1 . when this obs - an took was
than a of the
3 tines came r rive-ll5 caching
d ours gas and many be
leer . - a arid i
7 it is to tneee
no aim victiona 'Winechatee aaa
cle cannot that
19 it'3 on1r-- can-ict (1: 2 BRITT 714;
Li iLo the time oreel-i be: "as
which 13 It arm observed it 88
35 Hi do the oiract
eel-nan wen e shore tinge 01' wings or snuggle
13 tine oily ct
hgpge aeeariy ehangee was an: en' for a I
time vat: 'tliig'uia
was apparently s s' sot seen it as acclvu on color as a daring rain fly
14 did the cbiuct dis 'ar nor could it be wen at tare time.

- page 119 -

The image contains a black and white photograph of a UFO tracked on radar. The text at the top of the image reads "UFO, Tracked On Radar", indicating that the image shows the radar signature of an unidentified flying object.

Text from the document:

UFO, Tracked On Radar
Photographed by Wichita Eagle

- page 120 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a sketch or drawing of an unidentified object. The text below the image mentions that the object was seen and photographed in Wichita, but one photo attempt failed and the other photos did not show much detail. The text also discusses other sightings of unidentified flying objects in the Wichita and Topeka areas.

UFO Facts Withheld, Group Claims
Wichita Beacon
September 9, 1952
Blue: The object stopped in the sky. Its size could not be determined. It could not tell the distance, but would stay 1 minute and then zip away 3 times as fast as it came. It happened about this time 2 or 3 mornings. The GC authorities ran it off but couldn't hold it.
Wichita (photo page 11). Attempts to photograph the object were made to no avail. One photo was obtained by Clotier, Jones, others but little was visible when the photo was examined. It was taken a Wichita Beacon employee on the night of September 9 and 10, and period around Topeka and Wichita.

- page 121 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified flying object. The photograph is accompanied by a descriptive text that provides some details about the sighting, including the location, date, and observations made by the witnesses.

The text reads as follows:

UFOs Photographed
Junction City Photo
Witness reports of the incident, including several photos, confirmed reports of strange lights and objects in the sky on July 23, 1952.
The photo is said to be taken at 4:20 a.m. at the municipal airport. Four objects were photographed in the sky, hovering at an estimated altitude of 15,000 feet. The photo shows four circular white objects, roughly 45 feet in diameter, with a bright light in the center.
On July 23, 1952, the photographs were taken by a local resident and sent to the Director of the program. The photos show images of the four objects in the sky, hovering at an estimated altitude of 15,000 feet. The objects appear to be circular in shape, approximately 45 feet in diameter, with a bright light in the center. The text also mentions that the objects were observed for some time and that the people who witnessed the event are considered to be reliable.

- page 122 -

The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with a handwritten note stating "THIS CASE INCLUDES 1 PHOTO 5X5, 1 PHOTO 8X10". However, there are no actual photographs included in this particular page. As an OCR system, I do not see any additional text on this page that can be extracted.

- page 123 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

HEADQUARTERS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
TINDALL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 32425

REPLY TO OGBD
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: AFSC (SEG)
Wright-Patterson AFB Ohio 45433

1. The attached information pertaining to unidentified flying objects (UFO's) is forwarded for your information and possible use. In accordance with the provisions of AFR 200-2, paragraph 11, Volume XVII, dated 25 September 1959, you are requested to consider this information and provide any additional comments or recommendations you may care to make.
2. On 31 July 1965 at 0735 Zulu (Z) hours, the initial report in this case was received at this office from the USAF installation located at

3. On 1 August 1965, Harry P. Addrili, Meteorological Technician and Supervisor, Civil Engineering Division, was interviewed regarding his UFO sighting. Addrili stated his organization maintains a visual watch for UFO's. Around 0735 Zulu on 31 July 1965, Addrili and several other persons observed a bright shiny white light object emitting a red pulsing light which was attached to a parachute or balloon. Addrili stated the object moved rapidly in a southerly direction and disappeared during his observation which lasted approximately 5 minutes. Addrili further stated the radio sound equipment would normally begin to oscillate, although this did not occur. He said the pulsing light and the manner in which the object moved were different from the normal balloon or parachute appearances. Addrili noted the object was a bright shiny white in color which is the predominant color displayed by other UFO sightings in this area.

- page 124 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with text describing a UFO sighting.

A. According to the text, on 13 July 1965, the balloon CASS 9 located at approximately 45,000 feet over Carson City, Nevada, was tracked by ground radar. The object was described as being circular in shape, approximately 100 feet in diameter, and it was drifting toward Woodlawn at that time. The object could have contained a small balloon inside it, but this could not be determined.

B. Records maintained by the 746th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron indicate that on 31 July 1965, at approximately 10,000 feet altitude, an unidentified object was picked up on radar. The object was traveling at an estimated speed of 600 knots and was maneuvering erratically. After approximately 10 minutes, the object disappeared from the radar.

C. On 6 August 1952, two witnesses in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, interviewed regarding any UFOs they might have observed between 21 July and 6 August 1952. The witnesses stated that they did not observe anything unusual during that time period.

- page 125 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

REPORT LOOKING THAT STUDY ING THE SKY OVER THIS AREA SHOWS THINGS THAT TO THEM APPEAR UNDISTINGUISHABLE A NUMBER OF VERY FAST MOVING OBJECTS HAVE BEEN OBSERVED IN THIS AREA DURING THE EVENING AND NIGHT HOURS THERE ARE AT TIMES A UNUSUALLY LARGE NUMBER OF METEORS OR SIMILAR OBJECTS VISIBLE IN THIS AREA
ALTHOUGH THE OBSERVERS WHO ARE MILITARY PERSONNEL COULD NOT IDENTIFY THESE OBJECTS UNDER OBSERVATION BY PERSONS NOT FAMILIAR WITH SKY.
MAJOR W. WALTER MAJOR, RAACCK, STATED THAT SEVERAL RAF D-5 JETS WERE VECTORED REGARDING RADAR MARKINGS OF AIRCRAFT DURING THE PERIOD OF 18 JUNE 1965 THROUGH 25 JUNE 1965. THROUGH THESE VECTORINGS SEVERAL CONFIRMED VISUAL CONTACTS WITH UNKNOWN AERIAL OBJECTS WERE MADE BY RAF PILOTS.
THESE UNKNOWN OBJECTS WOULD MANEUVER ERRATICALLY FOUR HOUR DAY CYCLE AND TRACKS AIRCRAFT WITH SPEEDS RANGING FROM NEARLY STATIONARY TO OVER 3,000 MPH. THEY ALSO HOVERED THEN ACCELERATE RAPIDLY OUT OF SIGHT.
INFORMATION FURTHER INDICATED THAT BALLOONS HAVE BEEN SENT TO FT WORTH TEXAS, WILSON'S RECORDS INDICATED THEY WERE TRACED FOR HIS ORGANIZATION.
INVESTIGATION REVEALED THAT BALLOONS HAVE BEEN RELEASED AT THE FOLLOWING TIMES AND LOCATIONS:
1. WALKER AFB, 6TH WEATHER SQUADRON. RELEASES TWO BALLOONS DAILY, ONE AT 1115 GMT AND ONE AT 2315 GMT.
2. US WEATHER STATION, WILL ROGERS FIELD, OKLAHOMA CITY. RELEASES TWO BALLOONS DAILY, ONE AT 0915 GMT AND ONE AT 1715 GMT.
3. US WEATHER STATION, CHILL CHILDERS FIELD, OKLAHOMA. RELEASES TWO BALLOONS DAILY, ONE AT 1100 GMT AND ONE AT 2300 GMT.
MAJOR THOMAS P. LAWSON, CASE, LAWTON, OKLAHOMA. RELEASES THREE BALLOONS DAILY AT 11 ART TIMES, ALSO FOUR OBSERVATION STATIONS WITHIN RADIUS OF APPROXIMATELY 3 MILES FROM LAWTON.
BALLOONS RELEASED AT NIGHT ARE EQUIPPED WITH LIGHTS.
INFORMATION AS SUMMARIZED IN THIS REPORT: IN THIS STATES: HOWEVER, THE OBJECTS LISTED ABOVE WERE FOUND TO HAVE BEEN RELEASED BALLOONS.
10. THIS OFFICE WILL CONTINUE TO INVESTIGATE REPORTS RELATING TO UFOS WITHIN SCOPE AND PREPARE REPORTS WILL BE CONCLUDED UPON RECEIPT OF INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT. ANY OTHER UNUSUAL ACTIVITY OBSERVED HEREAFTER THAT CANNOT BE IDENTIFIED OR EXPLAINED WILL BE REPORTED AS A UFO.

- page 126 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report document from Project Blue Book, describing a sighting of unidentified flying objects.

REGISTERED UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

1. Description of Object(s):
   1. Shaper: Circular with flat top.
   2. Size compared to known objects: Size of small plate.
   3. Color: Dark color except for a glowing blue lights; one red light on each side, white lights on top.
   4. Number of objects: Two.
5. Formation: None.
6. Any discernible features or details: None.
7. Trail, Exhaust or Contrail: None.
8. Sound: None.
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None.
10. Description of Course or Objects:
    1. First called attention of observer to object: Heard noise of objects on local radio.
    2. Angular elevation and azimuth of objects when first observed: One was at 23 elevation, 275 azimuth; the other was at 25 elevation, 305 azimuth.
    3. Angular elevation and azimuth of objects at closest point: One was at angle of elevation and azimuth of approximately 25 azimuth, 325 elevation, disappearing at approximately 5 elevation.
    4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: Object was out of sight within two seconds.
5. How did the object disappear? Both objects went out of sight.
6. How long were the objects visible? Ten minutes.

- page 127 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Manner of Observation:
1. Ground-visual.
2. Optical aids: None.
3. Not applicable.

Time and Date of Sighting:
1. 0200 2 hours, 2 August 1965.
2. Light conditions: Dark.

Location of Observers: East of Norman, Oklahoma on past Lindsay.

Identifying Information on Observer:
Civilian: Mr. W. S. Dyre, Norman, 15 years of age, housewife, residing three-fourths mile northeast Phillips subject. Thoroughly confused; no experience in Astrophysics.

Weather and Wind Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
1. Observer's account of weather: Clear and still.
2. Report from nearest U.S. Weather Bureau:

Altitude Wind Direction Speed Temperature
Surface 1800 ft. 015 10 knots +32C
3,000 ft. 0150 ft. 020 15 knots +30C
6,000 ft. 3400 ft. 030 20 knots - 4C
10,000 ft. 3450 ft. 035 30 knots -14C
16,000 ft. 3400 ft. 040 30 knots -27C
20,000 ft. 3200 ft. 045 30 knots -34C
30,000 ft. 3000 ft. 050 30 knots -51C

3. Ceiling: Clear.
4. Visibility: Eleven miles.
5. Amount of cloud cover: None.
6. Astronomical data: None.
7. Altitude temperature gradient: Was -23C per 1,000 ft. increase to 40,000 ft.; no change after that.

- page 128 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force.

Interception or Identification Action Taken: Information furnished to 746th AB & W Squadron, Oklahoma City Air Force Base.

1. Location of Incident or Sighting: 2215 hours, 24 August 1965. 14 miles southwest of Carson City, Nevada.

2. Description of Object: An unidentified air traffic or balloon release at US Weather Station, will Require Field, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The object was observed to be approximately 5,000 feet above terrain and moving in a northerly direction at about 20-25 knots.

3. Course of Object: The object was observed to change altitude and direction from the point it was first observed at.

4. Position Tills and Comments of Reporting Officer: Chief, Security Police, 746th AB & W Squadron, Oklahoma City Air Force Base. No unusual evidence.

1. Physical Evidence: None.

- page 129 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or some other unidentified aerial object. The sketch shows a circular or elliptical shape with a rounded top and a tapered bottom. There is also a handwritten note next to the sketch that says "CAPTURED BY".

OCR OUTPUT:

C3 1WD i05: iic 00 COR
7.5 100 Boalt o we Yuawa are zatailo who is orinlled to aa Oompalod or attiludos.
2p now iilostus Dine is in an outomozila or obflocto lo acto
Tae Tapes as to tie atcrotionad & oraalon wora boing a Meotloon uo boing a coontion of tia condition.
3p you think you can ostein to be a spoci of Sie sauby jo
1 guo0rtl00 Thats in line with tire did a now to atert ta Ira Corts ut bias
9 piuupo a daro boat. thonl the trol is to 0lop in a saco.
73 bore on se Guch wcantactaulo is dt Gtrpaloc od fon wile 40 2 COCR,
31 if you nero worliog in an outorsobilo or other vaiclo si tino - i a sonty or 5 goats, wowre
01 4 fall tiaes sayon got Zo foo any alliontia warorod as Soll Joo, Goina
oc i soy doat thoro san sve ta ae ct tltlons a6 Soll jas soying at iio, Gilors, bait
24 in otbor wets this can doo aft ce a0 speeial 00 - no 13 very oLLtios.
27 in tho following skotels

not pert of
GCAR TRRGAN

- page 130 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

REPORTED UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

a. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shapes No definite shape.
2. Size compared to known object: Same size as a star.
3. Color: Bright yellow with red tint.
4. Number: One object.
5. Formation: None.
6. Any dissimilar features or details: None.
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust: None.
8. Sound: None.
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer to object(s): Another witness.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: 70 elevation, 150 azimuth.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when last observed: 50 elevation, 150 azimuth.
4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: Traveled at high rate of speed, then stopped and hovered for a period of 15 minutes or more.
5. How did object(s) disappear? Faded away.
6. How long were the object(s) visible? 15 minutes.
c. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground-visual.
2. Optical aids: None.
3. Not applicable.

- page 131 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document containing information about a UFO sighting.

Time and Date of Sighting: 2000 Zulu hours, 2 August 1965.
Light Conditions: Night.
Location of Observer: Shively Airport and South Pennsylvania, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Identifying Information on Observer: Civilian, 15 years of age, male, student, Oklahoma City resident.
Weather and Wind Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting: Observed weather conditions, cloud cover, and wind data.
Visibility: Eleven miles.
Amount of cloud cover: None.
Circumference in area: None.
Vertical temperature gradient: Was -2C per 1,000 ft. surface.
No unusual meteorological activities were noted at that time.

- page 132 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

to the 2403d AC & W Squadron, Oklahoma City Air Force Station, as 0222 Z hours, 8 August 1962. No further details made at this time 27 the objects.

2. Location and approximate altitude and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases:

23. Weather Station, 115 South Field, Oklahoma City, Okla., released a weather balloon at 2315 hours, 7 August 1962. The balloon was observed for approximately 15 minutes. No other air traffic or balloon releases were noted in the Carson City area during this time.

3. Position, title, and comments of reporting officer: Capt. F. Security Controller, Kirtland AFB, Albuquerque, N.M., notified the undersigned of this report. The object was observed in the southeast and hovered in one spot, then moved to the north. It appears the object was a weather balloon as described.

4. Physical Evidence: None.

- page 133 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document titled "REPORTED UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT" that describes the details of a reported UFO sighting.

REPORTED UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

a. Description of Object(s):
1. Shape: Sharper diamond shape.
2. Size: 50-75' in diameter.
3. Color: Reddish-orange and bluish-green and whitish.
4. Number of Objects: Five objects.
5. Formation: Four were in diamond formation; one was in center of formation.
6. Discernible Features or details: None.
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust: None.
8. Sound: None.
9. Other Pertinent or unusual features: None.
b. Description of course of object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer to object? Irregular patterned flashing lights from a distant light source (neighbor's home).
2. All of objects were to the left and direction, not by the nearest object.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object: Objects did not disappear. When last observed, they were at 45 degrees elevation.
4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Objects were stationary; hovering and appeared to be waiting.
5. How did objects disappear? Objects did not disappear.
6. How long were objects visible? Observer's estimate for it being.
c. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground-visual.
2. Optical Aids: None.
3. Not applicable.

- page 134 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

a. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. 0320 2 hours, 2 August 1965. 
2. Light conditions: Dark.
a. Location of Observer: 214 Liberty Street, Shawnee, Oklahoma.
f. Identifying Information on Observer: 
Civilian: Obaugh
Department: Oklahoma Highway Patrol, Retired.
2. Military: Not applicable.
g. Weather and Wind Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
1. Observer's Account of Weather: Clear and still.
2. Report from nearest US Weather Bureau:
Altitude Wind Direction Wind Speed Temperature Clouds
6,000 ft. 360 45 knots 40 deg C.
10,000 ft. 340 40 knots 12 deg C.
15,000 ft. 340 35 knots 3 deg C.
20,000 ft. 330 30 knots -7 deg C. 
25,000 ft. 320 25 knots -15 deg C.
30,000 ft. 300 20 knots -21 deg C.
3. Ceiling: Clear.
4. Visibility: Eleven miles.
5. Amount of Cloud Cover: None.
6. Thunderstorms in Area: None.
g. To 20,000 Ft.: Vertical temperature gradient was -2.2 deg C. per 1,000 ft. surface.
h. No unusual meteorological activities at that time.
i. Interruption or Identifying action taken: Information furnished to Maj H K Foster SAFOI.

- page 135 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains only text and no visual imagery.

3. Location and approximate altitude of any air traffic or balloon released. Not determined.
1. Preliminary Flight and Comments or Preparing Officer, (Chief, Security and Law Enforcement Division, 2894th Air Base Group). Comment: This sighting was reported in local news media as Flying saucers, etc., however, the object(s) described did not "appear" or disappear, they obviously were stars.
3. Physical evidence: None.

- page 136 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

TEEM/UTO
UFO SIGHTING 7 OCTOBER 1965

HQ USAF SAYOICS (Mrs. Hunt)

We have received a report of an unidentified flying object from
Mrs. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - at 3:05 am PT on 7 Oct 65. She reported her sighting. A review 
of her report indicates that the object appeared circular in shape and
had a luminous glow. It was observed for about 20 minutes as it
maneuvered and hovered in the sky. The object was first observed
to the west of her location and moved slowly to the north and then
back to the west before disappearing. The description of the object
conforms with this analysis. It was described as about 50 feet in
size, capable of very rapid acceleration and deceleration, and
oscillating or "pulsating" with a bright light. These are typical
characteristics of UFO's as they have been observed in the past.
A light was observed toward the northwest as the object seemed to
diminish in size and disappear. No sounds were associated with the
observation. 
This object was observed for a period of about 20 minutes, much
shorter than the 30 seconds reported by the witnesses. The duration
of sightings can vary greatly depending upon the distance from the
observer and the atmospheric conditions.
We have given you an evaluation of a possible sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC J. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Satety

COORDINATION:
ORIGINATOR: COL. M. H. WEINKOUIC, JR.
ATCS: 22 Oct 65 DATE: 17 Nov 65

- page 137 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

FTD (TDNN)
LANGLEY AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433
31 DECEMBER 1965

HOUSTON, TEXAS

DEAR SIR:

REFERENCE YOUR UNIDENTIFIED OBSERVATION OF 7 OCTOBER 65.  THE INFORMATION WHICH YOU SUPPLIED WAS NOT SUFFICIENT FOR CLASSIFICATION. HOWEVER, AS REQUESTED, WE HAVE COMPLETED FTD FORM 164 AND RETURN IT TO YOU.

WE WISH TO THANK YOU FOR REPORTING YOUR OBSERVATION TO THE AIR FORCE.

SINCERELY,

VICTOR QUETANDILLE, JR., MAJOR, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECTS IRIS ROOM

- page 138 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by someone who claimed to have seen an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, articles, or publications without your permission. This personal information is for research purposes only and will not be made public.

1. When did you see the object? OCTOBER 5, 1965
2. Time of day: 8:15 Hours (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? STEAD FORCE BASE, NEVADA
5.1 How long was the object in sight? 5-10 Minutes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT, ALL STARS VISIBLE
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

TEXT OUTPUT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, articles, or publications without your permission. This personal information is for research purposes only and will not be made public.

1. When did you see the object? OCTOBER 5, 1965
2. Time of day: 8:15 Hours (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? STEAD FORCE BASE, NEVADA
5.1 How long was the object in sight? 5-10 Minutes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT, ALL STARS VISIBLE
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 139 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and answer choices related to observations of an unidentified object.

OCR output:

B. IF you saw the object AT NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
3.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None 
b. Few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

3.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Full moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear 
b. Scattered clouds
c. Hazy
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember  

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): 
a. Brighter than the brightest star LIGHT ILLUMINATING
b. (Don't remember)

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: EXTREMELY BRIGHT ORANGE 

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Other like .............
d. Can't remember

13. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES (NO) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change direction? YES (NO) Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES (NO) Don't know
d. Give off smoke or exhaust? YES (NO) Don't know
e. Leave a trail? YES (NO) Don't know
f. Change shape? YES (NO) Don't know
g. Finish or fade slowly? YES (NO) Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES (NO) Don't know

- page 140 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely related to Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

TEXT OUTPUT:

to accept a violate of it will at least show some of the actual situation but not open to do
more than open the door on this or coming to an end on what concerns the whole.

now time does seem to be a way to clear things up and make some things understandable.
31. was not wanting to say anything as I have on these matters as I thought it might be better to not dwell on such things.
32. please give following this report as much as possible.

name as a a a a a a first first first first.
witness of die fields a drawing and looking at times at to his lights
four states car and witness affinities guarding and many people a from other the building.
seen a car watchier affinee child and dog a on night - a always found it interesting.
that he years have been detailed and consistent and documentary evidential.
33. when said to man did i you re about what had seen this object? the i to this wont
34. date you completed this memorandum:  
35. determination made this data record should be classified to which level secrecy is not covered  (have never seen a flying saucer or have seen noe other than our own).
dont were use.

- page 141 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document shows a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Text transcribed from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? IT DISAPPEARED - BUT LEAVE SIGHT C TRAVELING.
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound NONE, EXCEPT FAR AWAY TO BE HEARD. b. Color BRIGHT WHITE 
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head. How much of the object would have been covered by the match head? VERY LITTLE

- page 142 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with questions and answers related to an observed object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes - BECAUSE IT WAS LARGE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
In a residential section of a city?

23. Were you (Circle One) 
b. In the residential section of a city?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One) b. East

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses No
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass No

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
I have never seen anything like it before. It was a very large, bright object, much larger than an airplane, moving and hovering silently very low over the city. It seemed to be made of a metallic material and was changing colors. I don't know what it was, but it was unlike anything I have ever seen before.

- page 143 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a hand-drawn sketch and instructions. The sketch shows a diagram with curved lines, an angular object, and a compass-like symbol. The document includes instructions and questions related to observing and sketching UFO sightings.

27.  In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where you last saw the object. Please draw an "X" on the compass shown to indicate the direction where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the direction that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 144 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names. Redacted - Redacted Redacted.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted Last Name
ADDRESS: Redacted 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted
AGE: 37 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Early in 1965, I had a visit from a man who had said that he had seen a UFO. Also, I saw a very clear picture of a man who said he was in contact with beings from another planet. I have more personal experience to indicate that we are being visited by beings from other planets, but the facts I would cite might sound too unbelievable to be taken seriously.
WHAT AND WHERE DID YOU SEE: Aug. 26, 1965 near CARSON CITY, NEVADA. At about 6:30 PM, I was driving approximately 4 miles from Carson City, Nevada, when I saw a large, silvery, circular craft hovering silently above the desert floor, about 400 yards away. It appeared to be about 30 feet in diameter. The craft was motionless for about 2 minutes, then it suddenly shot straight up into the sky at a tremendous speed and disappeared from sight. The whole incident lasted only about 3 minutes.

- page 145 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  20 January 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Pertaining to sighting 33 - 
I feel that the details of follow up is not adequate and lack of continued recording of information when a point of additional investigation is detected. 
As I noted there were 6 persons (before a witness) who said they saw this - the said that no two descriptions were alike, when a point of discrepancy arrives it was not followed up where additional information might be secured.
Curiosity does - after the fact investigation by said interviewing investigator for need not to discard anomaly simply because 'it does not fit into a pre-established pattern'
My said view I shared approx on 8/31/1965.
Also, 8 month delay in your contact with me I take it is your normal procedure.

- page 146 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on what appears to be an official document or report.

Transcription of the text in the image:

A1. It is still possible to occur, but time alone will prove or disprove the intimate nature of the statement. I have been instructed to remain silent as regards the case.

G.S. - I feel little I have not been very much more deeper of some, and consummating quite these is hurry to the question to have answer different. Some show to have already years flying in a direction that I should indeed had several in a minimum and a recent principal of this matter I saw chief met even remarkable fellow. And also, the physical or nature trail was recently like fit - although strange slight wild (CS), like a flame it was looked out.

- page 147 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document.

AP INFO 50343 (5 AUG 65) G/JOK
ACTIONS HQS-7
INFO: KOP-1, XOPX-8, SAFOB-3,DIA-1 (21)
SMB G202 PTTU JAZ RUWTAB2022 2 172 129-UUUU--
ZNR UUUUU
P 2 172 122 ZEX 
FM 2354 AB GP TINKER AFB OKLA  
TO RUMVFA/ENT AFB COLO
RUMTFLANS2 AIR DIV RICHARDS GESAUR AFB MO/
RUCIFDA/WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO-
RUBGHGA/USAF WASH DC
RUBGHGA/SAF WASH DC
BT
UNCLAS OCBGP 85294 5 AUG 1965  SECTION 1 OF 2. 
FOR WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB (FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIV): USAF (AFCIN)/ 
SAF (SAFOI3). SUBJ: REPORTING OF UFOS.
1. FOLLOWING INFORMATION PERTAINING TO REPORTED UFOS IN TINKER
AFB AREA BETWEEN 0230 AND 0735 HOURS, 22 2 AUG 1965, IS SUBMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARA 1., AFR 200-2.
A. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S):
(1) SHAPE - NO DEFINITE SHAPE DUE TO DISTANCE. 
(2) SIZE - APPROXIMATE SIZE OF PEA HELD AT ARM'S LENGTH.
(3) COLOR - BLUISH-WHITE WITH RED HAZE.

- page 148 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AF IN: 50143 (5 AUG 65)
PAGE 2 RUNTAB522222 UNCLAS
(3) NUMBER -- 4 OBJECTS.
(4) FORMATION -- NONE5 APPEARED TO BE AT SAME ALTITUDE.
(5) DISCERNIBLE FEATURES OR DETAILS - NONE EXCEPT FOR COLOR.
(6) TAIL, TRAIL, OR EXHAUST - NONE.
(7) SOUND - NONE.
(8) OTHER PERTINENT OR UNUSUAL FEATURES - NONE EXCEPT FOR COLOR.
B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
(1) WHAT FIRST CALLED ATTENTION OF OBSERVED TO OBJECT? ANOTHER WITNESS.
(2) ANGLE OR ELEVATION AND AZIMUTH OF OBJECT - 45 DEGREES ELEVATION, 170 DEGREES AZIMUTH.
(3) ANGLE OR ELEVATION AND AZIMUTH OF OBJECT UPON DISAPPEARANCE - QUIT LOOKING DUE TO PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES.
(4) DESCRIPTION OF FLIGHT PATH AND MANEUVERS OF OBJECT - ALL OBJECTS APPEARED TO BE AT APPROXIMATELY 22,000 FT. TWO OF OBJECTS DID NOT APPEAR TO BE MOVING. 1 OBJECT WAS MOVING SOUTH AND 1 WAS MOVING NORTH AT SPEEDS OF APPROXIMATELY 150 TO 200 MPH.

- page 149 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AP 22: 50143 (5 AUG 65)
PAGE 3 RPTARH2622 UNCLAS 
LAST LOOK.
(S) HOW LONG OBJECT VISIBLE - 1 1/2 HOURS.
C. MANNER OF OBSERVATIONS:
(1) CONTROL TOWER TO AIR VISIBILITY. 
(2) OPTICAL AIDS - BINOCULARS, 7 X 50 POWER, MARK 28.
BAUSCH AND LOMB MANUFACTURE.
(3) SIGHTING DID NOT OCCUR WHILE AIR-BORNE.
D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) FIRST OBSERVED 0230 ZULU HOURS, 2 AUG 1965; LAST 
OBSERVED 0400Z, 2 AUG 1965.
(2) LIGHT CONDITIONS - NIGHT.
E. LOCATION OF OBSERVER(S):
LATITUDE 39 DEG, 23 MIN - 20 SEC NORTH; LONGITUDE 97 DEGREES, 
22 MIN - 34 SEC WEST.
F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVER(S):
(1) CIVILIAN - NOT APPLICABLE.
(2) MILITARY - 1SGT JOHN R. LANG, AF 12299448, 34 YEARS OF AGE.
WATCH SUPERVISOR, TINKER AFB CONTROL TOWER, 3RD MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS

- page 150 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document from the Department of the Air Force titled "UNCLASSIFIED". The document appears to be a report on weather conditions and sighting details related to a Project Blue Book case.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF DIGEST BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN 50143 (5 AUG 65) 
GROUP:
G. WEATER AND WINDS:
PAGE # RUNTAB42022 UNCLAS
(1) OBSERVER'S ACCOUNT OF CONDITIONS - CLEAR WEATHER AT TIME OF SIGHTING.  
(2) REPORT OF NEAREST US WEATHER BUREAU OFFICE:
(A) WEATHER AT TIME OF FIRST SIGHTING, 22232Z, 2 AUG 1965:
ALTITUDE    WIND DIRECTION    SPEED    TEMPERATURE
SURFACE     180 DEGREES       4 KNOTS  PLUS 82 DEG C
6,000 FT.   210 DEGREES       10 KNOTS PLUS 14 DEG C
10,000 FT.  350 DEGREES       15 KNOTS PLUS 3 DEG C
15,000 FT.  340 DEGREES       29 KNOTS MINUS 4 DEG C
20,000 FT.  320 DEGREES       29 KNOTS MINUS 16 DEG C
30,000 FT.  330 DEGREES       22 KNOTS MINUS 37 DEG C
50,000 FT.  333 DEGREES       39 KNOTS MINUS 61 DEG C
(B) WEATHER CONDITIONS AT LAST SIGHTING, 0402Z, 2 AUG 1965:
ALTITUDE    WIND DIRECTION    SPEED    TEMPERATURE
SURFACE     210 DEGREES       6 KNOTS  PLUS 74 DEG C
6,000 FT.   010 DEGREES       9 KNOTS  PLUS 13 DEG C

- page 151 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a handwritten report or document.

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Vatter proof  shot at face of C   
Claimed it blinded him for a few seconds, when he came to it was falling.  So I asked see on a night to our destination, I named it and other drivers would report it is something strange, it sure would be a balloon or helicopter or airplane, it couldn't do so still a secret. I suppose have an inside track since I'm watching it and have seen something could be mistakable as UFO being on the subject.

Went to Garman road or Case Park, heading out that way to be going, where Bron and wood ducks so fit for going which to animals. Isn't the first of them in the park nearby? Gone for practical joke on that time. Only the jackass been the visitor, even if we really. Haven't had any enough so entrance my bath on this day. If it wasn't a raining of above, have to find out each as I can think of it.

- page 152 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an unclassified document from the Department of the Air Force, containing technical information about an object sighted in the sky, including details about its altitude, speed, temperature gradient, and other meteorological conditions. The text in the document has been provided below:

AP IN: 50143 (5 AUG 65) PG 5 OF 6
19,020 FT. 319 DEGREES 29 KNOTS PLUS OR MINUS 5 DEG C
16,220 FT. 319 DEGREES 15 KNOTS MINUS 5 DEG C 
20,420 FT. 329 DEGREES 13 KNOTS MINUS 15 DEG C
PAGE 2 RUNTAB2322 UNCLAS
39,020 FT. 349 DEGREES 25 KNOTS MINUS 37 DEG C
50,020 FT. 319 DEGREES 42 KNOTS MINUS 63 DEG C
(3) CEILING DURING ENTIRE PERIOD - CLEAR.
(4) VISIBILITY DURING ENTIRE PERIOD - 11 MILES.
(5) AMOUNT OF CLOUD COVERAGE - NONE.
(6) NO THUNDERSTORMS IN AREA DURING ENTIRE PERIOD OF TIME.
(7) VERTICAL TEMPERATURE GRADIENT WAS MINUS 2 DEG C PER 1,000 FT.: SURFACE TO 49,020 FT: NO CHANGE AFTER THAT DURING THIS TIME.
(8) NO UNUSUAL METEOROLOGICAL ACTIVITIES DURING THAT TIME.
1. INTERCEPTION OR IDENTIFICATION ACTION TAKEN - INFORMATION FURNISHED TO 761TH ACEW SQ, OKLAHOMA CITY AIR FORCE STATION. THEY ADVISED RADAR CONTACT WITH 1 OBJECT AT 14,000 FT. IN VICINITY OF NORMAN, OKLA- LOCATED APPROXIMATELY 20 MI.

- page 153 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official document, likely a report from Project Blue Book, that contains typed text.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF JOURNAL BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50143 (5 AUG 65)
SOUTH OF TINKER AFB.
J. LOCATION, APPROXIMATE ALTITUDE, AND GENERAL DIRECTION OF FLIGHT OF ANY AIR TRAFFIC OR BALLOON RELEASES: US WEATHER STATIONS WILL ROGERS FIELD, OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLA. RELEASED A BT
NNN
NOTE: SECTION: II IS APIN: 50138 (5 AUG 65).

- page 154 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book document.

Text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
        STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
        (INCOMING MESSAGE)

AF IN: 50135 (5 AUG 65) G/JCK                PG1 OF 3
ACTION: NIM-7
INFO: X-23P, XOPX-8, SAFCS-3, DIA-1 (21)
SIA C231 PTJU JAZ RUNTABA2323 2172 29-UUUU--
ZNR UUUUU
P 2172 22 ZEX
FM 235* AB GP TINKER AFB OKLA
TO RUEBBGA*
RUWLFA/29 AIR DIV RICHARDS GEBAUR AFB MO
RUCIFDA/WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
RUEHMDA/USAF WASH DC
RUEBBGA/SAF WASH DC
BT
UNCLAS 95294 5 AUG 1965- FINAL SECTION OF 2-
FOR: WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB (FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIV) USAF (AFCIN-3)
SAF (SAFOI)- SUBJ: REPORTING OF UFOS.
WEATHER BALLOON AT 05-15Z HOURS, 2 AUG 1965- WEATHER BALLOONS
WOULD HAVE TRAVELLED SOUTH, CHANGING AT DIFFERENT ALTITUDES TO
SOUTHEAST AND SOUTHWEST FROM THE POINT OF RELEASE. FAA AND
WILL ROGERS FIELD REPORTED NO AIRCRAFT IN THE AIR DURING THIS
TIME PERIOD. TINKER AFB FLIGHT OPERATIONS REPORTED 3 AIRCRAFT
WERE IN THE AREA DURING THIS TIME PERIOD; HOWEVER, NONE OF THE
AIRCRAFT REPORTED ANY UNUSUAL SIGHTINGS.

- page 155 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AP IN: 50159 (5 AUG 65)
PAGE 2 RUNNA82023 UNCLAS

K. POSITION TITLE AND COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER:
CHIEF, SECURITY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT DIVISION, 2532ND AIR BASE
GROUP. COMMENTS: NUMEROUS SIGHTINGS OF THESE 4 OBJECTS WERE
REPORTED FROM THE FOLLOWING CITIES IN OKLAHOMA CITY AREA: 
NORMAN, PURCELL, CUSHING, CHICKASHA, LINDSAY, CHANDLER, MEEKER,
AND SHAWNEE. MOST REPORTED THE OBJECTS AS BEING A LIGHT
CHANGING FROM BLUE, WHITE, AND RED COLOR. ONE REPORT FROM
SHAWNEE WAS THAT THE OBJECTS WERE FLYING IN A DIAMOND FORMATION.
MOST REPORTS WERE THAT THE OBJECTS HAD NO DEFINITE FLIGHT
PATTERN AND CHANGED COURSE ERRATICALLY. THE LAST INFORMATION
RECEIVED ON THESE OBJECTS WAS AT 23352 HOURS, 2 AUG 1965, AT
WHICH TIME ONE OF THE OBJECTS WAS REPORTED SIGHTED OVER EDMOND,
OKLA. AT APPROXIMATELY 1,000 FT. ALTITUDE AND APPEARED TO BE THE
SIZE OF A BASEBALL HELD AT ARM'S LENGTH. THE OBJECT DISAPPEARED
OUT OF SIGHT STRAIGHT UP. PRELIMINARY ANALYSIS OF POSSIBLE
CAUSE OF SIGHTINGS AT THIS TIME IS WEATHER BALLOONS AND/OR 
KNOWN AIRCRAFT IN THE AREA.
1. EXISTENCE OF PHYSICAL EVIDENCE - NONE.
2. FURTHER INFORMATION WILL BE SUBMITTED IN COMPLIANCE WITH
ESTABLISHED PROCEDURES.

- page 156 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book file, with the header "UNCLASSIFIED" and "DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE" visible.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50158 (5 AUG 65) 

PARAGRAPHS 13B AND 14 OF AFR 200-2.
BY
NNH

NOTE: SECTION: I IS AFIN: 50143 (5 AUG 65).

- page 157 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a document with priority information and distribution details.

CONFIDENTIAL
5 AUGST 77

PP RUCTD - FR 3575r FLT TNG UG VANCE AFB OKLA
TO RUMHVW/DE Tir AEB GOLo
RUPTD/DEp AIR DIVISION RICHARDS GEBAUR APB I0
RUCDD/AFSC FOREIGN TECH DIV) WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
RUEADCN/US CAPTAFNE-Y - WASHINGTON 25 DC 
PRIORITY 52 HAF AIR FORCE (SAFIO) WASH DC

- page 158 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, only text that appears to be typed on a document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

REFERENCE PARAGRAPH 1: AFR 200-2, THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS SUBMITTED:

RADAR OPERATORS AT VANCE AFB ALSO REPORTED NO UNUSUAL SIGHTINGS. THE OBSERVER'S COMMENTS ARE CORROBORATED BY HER 15 YEAR OLD SON WHO CLAIMED TO HAVE SEEN THE FINAL TWO OBJECTS CIRCLING IN THE SKY, AFTER THE FIRST THREE HAD DISAPPEARED TO THE NORTH. SEVERAL HOURS AFTER THE SIGHTING, SHE CONTACTED THE INTERVIEWING OFFICERS TO REVISE HER ESTIMATE OF THE SIZE OF THE OBJECTS UPON OBSERVATION.

PAGE 2 REMARK: INSTEAD OF "SLIGHTLY LARGER THAN A GRAPEFRUIT" SHE SAID THE OBJECTS APPEARED TO BE ONLY A COUPLE OF INCHES IN SIZE, OR ABOUT THE SIZE OF A SILVER DOLLAR.

1. NONE

BY

- page 159 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Text Output:
WPR-4-TC-2383 SSD-20 CYN YS 56 
PP AUG 632
DE RUWGNK 1 42 2172443
DUTY RGSU 
P 212127 
FM 327TH PLT PCS WG VANCE AFB OKLA 
TO RUWGNRVAV2/HQ ENT AFB COLO
RUTFTLARA23TH AIR DIVISION RICHARDS GEBAFD FEB 70
RUC030/AFSC (FOREIGN TECH DIV 3 WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB 40
THIS SSD/SSD USAF ASSNF WASHINGTON 2  DC
ECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE (SAFIO) WASHINGTON 23 DC 
ET

PRIORITY

PT-03-232 29 AUG 63 SEC 1 OF 11 SECTIONS
REFERENCE PARAGRAPH 1 4 APR 20-32. THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS
SUBMITTED:
UFO 
4. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S)
(1) PIE SHAPED 
(2) SLIGHTLY LARGER THAN A GRAPEFRUIT 
(3) ALUMIUM, DULL WITH SLIGHT TOP 
(4) ?
(5) NO

- page 160 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PAGE 2 REMARK 1:   <1> NO
<2> NONE
<3> NO SOUND
<4> LOOKED LIKE GIRLS ALUMINUM CANTEEN

E.  REACTION OF OBSERVE OF OBJECT(S):
<1> OBSERVER WENT OUTSIDE HOUSE TO CHECK WEATHER IN ORDER TO DETERMINE HOW TO DRESS SHOULD FOR AN APPOINTMENT. AS OBSERVER LOOKED UP AT SKY SHE SAW UFO'S:
<2> APPROXIMATELY 46 DEGREE ANGLE AND 32 DEGREE AZIMUTH.
<3> FOUR UFO'S DISAPPEARED IN SLIGHT CLIMB ON 35 DEG DEG AZIMUTH. THE ONE REMAINING HOVERED FOR APPROXIMATELY TWO MINUTES AND THEN WENT OUT OF SIGHT AT APPROXIMATELY 7 DEGREE ANGLE.
<4> FLIGHT PATH WAS SMALL ORBIT IN TRAIL FLIGHT PATH, NO PARTICULAR SPACING
<5> SEE NUMBER 3 ABOVE.
<6> THE 5 UFO'S CIRCLED FOLLOWING EACH OTHER APPROXIMATELY 3 MINUTES AT WHICH TIME 2 DEPARTED TO THE NORTH. THE OTHER TWO CONTINUED TO CIRCLE AND AFTER ONE MINUTE ANOTHER UFO DISAPPEARED TO THE NORTH. THE REMAINING UFO HOVERED THAN DISAPPEARED AT AN APPROXIMATE 7.5 DEGREE ANGLE.

- page 161 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document that contains text describing a UFO sighting.

The text from the document is as follows:

PAGE 2 NUMBER 14
C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) GROUND - VISUAL
(2) OBSERVER WEARS GLASSES 
(3) N/A

D. THE AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) 25/25/27 AUG 22
(2) DAY

E. LOCATION OF OBSERVER: EASTERN PART OF CITY LIMITS OF ENID, OKLAHOMA.

F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION OF OBSERVER: 
(1) CIVILIAN - AGE - 28
ENID, OKLAHOMA; OCCUPATION - HOUSEWIFE, WOULD CLASSIFY AS RELIABLE.
(2) N/A

G. WEATHER AND WINDS - ALOFT CONDITIONS AT TIME AND PLACE OF SIGHTINGS:
(1) CLEAR AND 27
(2) SURFACE - 1.6 DEGREE - 13 KNOTS
2.8 DEGREE - 15 KNOTS 
3.3 DEGREE - 14 KNOTS
5.6 DEGREE - 15 KNOTS

- page 162 -

