The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a Project 10073 Record document. The document provides details about a UFO sighting in New York, New York on September 15, 1965. The information includes the date, time, location, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, and a brief summary and analysis. The document indicates that the sighting involved reflecting light from the New York World's Fair.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 
2. LOCATION - New York, New York
3. SOURCE - 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS - Multiple 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 30 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION - Ground
7. COURSE - 
8. PHOTOS - Negative
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE - None
10. CONCLUSION - Possible Reflecting light from N. Y. World's Fair.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS - Multiple objects, traveling in different directions towards the Northeast, white in color. Cause is probably reflecting light formations at the N.Y. World's Fair. The observer could not definitely identify the objects behind buildings.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with a questionnaire about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
Ace r 2 - gradually disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):    Yes     No     Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: _____________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):    Yes     No     Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: _____________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ___________
b. Color ___________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or coin's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a questionnaire or survey form.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?  
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) __________
e. At sea
f. Other __________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other __________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other __________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only illustrations and diagrams. The illustration in the upper portion of the page appears to be a compass rose or directional compass. The lower portion of the page contains sketches or drawings showing the motion or arrangement of multiple objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 1 4 12 2 16 5. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 
1951 (?) 1955 12-27

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Wife New York
Wegatory, Penns

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS  HILLTOP  Street  City  Zone

TELEPHONE NUMBER DE 34  SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Telephone Spin Army Airplane Observation 1945-53

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
1975 Year  Month 8 Day Veronica CON Week

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text has been transcribed as follows:

The saucer-shaped object had strange markings on it resembling lights from searchlights. Whenever the object appeared, it seemed to cast a light on the ground below.  Although we could not see what the object was, its appearance and behavior were very unusual and intriguing. The motion seemed controlled from within, unlike conventional aircraft, and the reflections beneath the object suggest some kind of lifting or antigravity effect.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The image is a copy of a US Air Force Technical Information form that appears to be a questionnaire about a sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any official information or documents unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? Friday Oct. 15, 1965 
2. Time of day: 2:30 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? New York Worlds Fair Flushing, New York
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 ( 2-3 seconds 1st Time) 3 ( 3-5 seconds 2nd Time) seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Approximation
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY Bright NIGHT Considerable reflection of light from ground + sky fairly cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Overhead

- page 7 -

The image appears to contain a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document does not contain any photographs, but rather a series of questions and answers filled out by a witness.

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Objects appeared to disappear into distance

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  YES   (NO)   Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  YES   (NO)   Don't know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound __no discernable sound__
b. Color __white__

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you told how this experiment was performed this ascertainment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
A single object would be covered, however, the formation would not have been out to the size of the formation.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Please do not include the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

1 st Sighting - heading
my position

2nd Sighting - heading out radar

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Extracted text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2,000 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Clear day, maybe about 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ______________________________

23. Where you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country? 
g. Other New York records - no

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following question:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No  
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other Casual view from office

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A clear bright object extremely high and moving at very high speed (about 2000 mph)

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text and illustrations.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show how you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass to show where you last saw the object.
90*   75*  A                               B
56* 
35*                   30*  
                     15*

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
A     C B2     C
↑           ↑
My head facing North

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Appear 5
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

They seemed to be arranged in random

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a sighting.

TEXT OUTPUT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

YES 10-8-65 HARRISBURG PENNA__SAME OBJ. OF 1 YR PREV. EVIDENCE HAS GOT GOOD

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] St. Hazleton, [REDACTED], Penna 
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 23 SEX Male
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Experienced Photographer

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year
Profes Printon Univ Date recently I seen it

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Princeton University letterhead, dated October 21, 1969.

PRINCETON UNIVERSITY
PRINCETON, NEW JERSEY 08540

Department of Art and Archaeology

October 21, 1969

Dear Sir,

On October 14, 1969, we received a report from one of our students over there who claims to have sighted something out of the ordinary over New York. This report was filled in on a normal sighting report form, a copy of which is enclosed.

I just wanted to give you a description for all its worth. Guy was taking a series of photographs of a gradually changing V-formation, believed to be 12 in number, irregularly arranged in a circular pattern. They were moving very slowly. The exposure time was about 15-20 seconds, and the sighting lasted nearly 1 1/2 minutes.

The temperature was about 55-60 degrees, the wind speed about 10 mph from the northwest. The sky was clear, the ground surface dry. Visibility was excellent.

It is the belief of the witness that this was not a meteor or satellite, and it is certainly quite impossible to achieve this rate of motion and configuration. The student claimed to be very capable and experienced in photography, so he is rather confident of his observations.

I would be interested to know if you have any other reports corroborating this incident, or any comments you would like to make in this connection.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text describing a UFO sighting report.

Dec 4, 1965                                                                                                                            
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Aere Used was a Minolta SR-7 with 55mm 1.4 Aero Rokkor. Film used was Ektachrome X (CESA 64) Exposure 1/5 Sec at 1.4 (code open) Processing normal.

Due to almost inpressible brightness it seems to have hit the film and overexposure. It seems to have the color and maneuverability of super sonic fighter However its speed could easily have been as high as 5,000 mph, due to the extremely short duration of appearance. Speed remained constant throughout their appearance. One object on the right side seemed to pull off to the right and immediately after which all objects disappeared from view. Judging from my past experience I did not expect these photos to be usable. I decided to depend on a little "luck". One of the enclosed pictures is a blank - the other three appear to photograph the objects. I regret that they are not of better quality. It is not necessary to return slides. Since they are of no use to me. To provide you with directions of travel, etc. - I enclosed a map of New York and Canada to the world.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Fair layout. I am positive of my position with respect to the various buildings and because of such can ascertain directives etc.

I would like to correspond with professor (Princeton Ohio) on this. He is the gentleman who provided you with my name. If I can be of further assistance please let me know.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or envelope with handwritten text and some stamped markings.

SAFOL
Aerial surveillance 
PENTAGON
washington D.C.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of Art and Archaeology at Princeton University, dated November 1965.

FTD (TDWR)
Dayton, ono 45433
5 November 1965

Department of Art and Archaeology
Princeton University
Princeton, New Jersey 08540

Dear Sirs:

Your report of a group of unidentified flying objects observed at the New York World's Fair on October 15 by you and others is acknowledged. We have investigated the possible connection between what was seen and some unusual circumstance associated with the observation. Would you and your wife please complete the attached form 154 in order that a more complete analysis may be made. We are enclosing envelopes for your early return.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 16 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows a typed letter from Project Blue Book regarding some observed objects.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK, OHIO 45433
16 NOVEMBER 1965

DEAR SIR:

WE HAVE RECEIVED INFORMATION THAT YOU OBSERVED AND PHOTOGRAPHED A GROUP OF OBJECTS ON A FLIGHT TO NEW YORK ON 3 FEBRUARY 1965. PLEASE COMPLETE THE ENCLOSED FORM AND RETURN IT TO OUR PROJECT OFFICE AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.

YOUR REPORT IS OF INTEREST TO US, AND ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OR PHOTOGRAPHS YOU CAN PROVIDE WILL BE APPRECIATED.

SINCERELY,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., MAJOR, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" questionnaire.

Text Output:

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be handled in confidence and will not be used for any disciplinary action, publicity, or publication conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 14 OCT 65

2. Time of day: 7:24 and 7:28 pm

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific E. Daylight Saving E. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Over Central Fair New York, N.Y.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 minutes 

5.1 How was its flight determined? Drifting

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT, hazy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 18 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a form with various questions and answer options related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few (Haze?)
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moon - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. High scattered clouds
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Empty]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to gradually grow smaller and disappear?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? 
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke? 
e. Change brightness?
f. Flash on and off?
g. Disappear and reappear?

Yes/No/Don't know

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? In large

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
Passed/cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of a clear cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Lthird sound?
b. Color - white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? about completely covered

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protusions, etc., and especially show trail or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of three oval shapes]

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out form with text responses.

Tin can love.
It high very fast (bare estimate).
Appeared to be at 1000 feet height.
J at sea.
13 inch could pick out.
I can't pin down.

- page 21 -

