The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically Project 10073 Record.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 14 September 1965 15/50
2. LOCATION: Lyons, Kansas
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION. While witness claims seeing an oval-shaped silver object, durations and positional data are insufficient to draw definitive conclusions.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer sighted an oval-shaped silver object. No physical evidence was obtained, and details on size, altitude, speed, duration, and direction are all insufficient to allow definitive analysis.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a letter from the Department of the Air Force addressed to "Mrs. _____" regarding the submission of a UFO sighting report using form 164. The letter notes that this form should be completed and returned to the Office of Information.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Dear Mrs. _____,

Attached is PTD Form 164 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. In the future, when submitting these reports, this form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,

SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Lyons, Kansas 67354

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, which appears to be a letter or report.

October 1, 1965
Defense Dept.
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

We have the official word of Washington that the U.F.O. On Sep. 14, at 7:45 p.m., was investigated by the general public in Lyons, Kansas. 

Witness oval shaped, silvan in color and was observed for 5 to 7 minutes. Extending vertical directions.

This was witnessed by 3 other people, the may bank, a Mr. E.D. Billingsby and Ernest Gustafson, considered a reliable source.

Respectfully,
M.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

MRS. HUNT/MAN/SAPOID/7289
DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING REPORT, SAPTEMBER -
OCT - 1
THE REPORT ON THIS SIGHTING IS ON THE ABOVE SUBJECT.
NOTE: ACTION OTHER IS ATTACHED 1050.
GERALD R. JONGENEEL
Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations Division
Office of Information

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter or document.

September 15, 1966

Dear Mr. Greilsam,

I am very sorry to bother you again, but several other witnesses and I still feel that the sighting we had on the night of September 2 is worthy of further investigation.

There really is illuminating information which I think ought to be recorded. For instance, of those of us who were present, Mr. Greilsam was the only one who did not see the strange object we all observed. This is very peculiar, and I would like to know if there is any explanation for it. Also, there were certain details of the incident which were not brought out in the original report, and which I feel should be included.

Mr. Greilsam, I don't assume that you or anyone else should be alarmed by this request, but I do feel you would want to have as complete and accurate a record as possible of the things we have witnessed.

Please give this your consideration.

Sincerely and incuiringly,
[Redacted]

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather shows a typed document or report. The text in the document appears to be discussing the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as part of Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports in the 1950s and 1960s.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output:

"Dear Sir:

This is in reply to your letter of 4 September 1965, concerning the investigation of unidentified flying objects reports.

The Office of Aerospace Research under the Project "Blue Book" is the agency in the United States Air Force responsible for the investigation of unidentified flying objects reports.

This program will continue to investigate all reports of unidentified aerial phenomena over the United States. The evaluation and analysis of these reports will be continued and any developments will be made public as they occur.

If you wish to report your sighting to the Air Force, fully completed forms are available from this address.

Sincerely,

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Director, Project "Blue Book"
Washington, D.C. 20330"

- page 6 -

