The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation into Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text on the document is as follows:

30 June 65 01/04/52
BRYTE, CALIFORNIA
AIRCRAFT
Direction miles cut Satellite. Flight consistant with observation of high-flying a/c. Description accord with this evaluation.
No sound. Object like a large orange red star observed through 8X binoculars from 15 to 20 minutes. Very high altitude. Slow movement across horizon in 10-15 minutes.

FTD FORM FTD SEP 63-0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this Form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO report, containing text that has been entered by hand.

As an OCR system, the text from the document is as follows:

Harrison T.

29. IF there was more than one object, then how many were there? Draw a picture to show how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

We saw two, at 8:20 a.m. we decided to stop on our way to work. One was stationary, one was moving. The direction of the moving one was towards the east.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give the date or dates and location. No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? YES If you answered YES, did they see the object too? Yes

31.1 Please list their names and addresses:
Jan Antonio, Texas 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: San Antonio, Texas 
ADDRESS: 4540 San Marcos, Zip 78230
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 653-2274 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a mailing envelope with text and postage markings. The envelope is addressed to "Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr., FTD Box 9494, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio" and is from "Interplanetary Intelligence of Unidentified Flying Objects, HAYDEN C. HEWES, Associate Director, 3005 West Eubanks, OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA".

Interplanetary Intelligence of Unidentified Flying Objects
HAYDEN C. HEWES, Associate Director
3005 West Eubanks
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
FTD Box 9494
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text from the document:

We were walking down the street (a very hilly street) we stopped to look at a bird that had been run over. Just as I bent down, I noticed something in the southern sky. It had a faint disc shape of white and I looked at it from the peripheral it had a very faint silhouette close shape, but very dim. As soon as I bent down the glare became very bright, so bright that I couldn't see the sky anymore. Then it changed to deep green and then to dim gold. Then it became very bright again and then it went below the horizon. And I followed, repeating the same motion. I just saw the same motion at the time.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:
NOT ADVISED TO SEND IN ANY MORE UNSUBSTANTIATED REPORTS OF UFO SIGHTINGS OR LANDINGS UNTIL SUPPORTING EVIDENCE IS AVAILABLE.
CASE No.: 19650970974
NAME: JESSE WARREN
ADDRESS: BOX 131, BRYTE, CALIFORNIA
REPORT: MRS. WARREN REPORTS SEEING A "HOVERING CIGARSHAPED FLYING OBJECT" ABOUT 30 YARDS LONG AND 15 FEET IN DIAMETER. IT WAS HOVERING ABOUT 50 FEET ABOVE THE GROUND AT 10:30 PM ON JUNE 9, 1965. THE OBJECT WAS BRIGHT SILVER IN COLOR AND MAKING NO NOISE. IT REMAINED IN SIGHT FOR ABOUT 15 MINUTES BEFORE SPEEDING AWAY TO THE WEST AT A HIGH RATE OF SPEED. MRS. WARREN STATES SHE HAS NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE IT BEFORE. SHE REPORTED THE SIGHTING TO THE LOCAL POLICE DEPARTMENT, WHO IN TURN NOTIFIED THE USAF.

- page 5 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page of handwritten text that appears to be part of a project blue book report or document.

HANDWRITTEN TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

A descending, brightly lit air object was observed over a highway near Bryte, California about 8:15 p.m. on June 9, 1965. The object appeared to be about 70 feet in diameter and emitting alternating light beams of a bluish-white color. The object descended slowly, then shot upwards at a high rate of speed, disappearing from view. The witness called the Air Force, who said it was a routine aircraft. The witness insisted it was not a normal aircraft but something very strange. No further investigation or explanation was provided.

- page 6 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribed text:

A strange place called (1952) sighting. I was in my backyard looking upward for something or the other when I noticed a large silvery object hovering over the tree tops. It was round in shape and about 45 feet in diameter. It appeared to hover motionless for several minutes then suddenly it started moving at a high rate of speed straight up and disappeared from view. I have no explanation for what I saw. I am a trained observer and I know this was no conventional aircraft. I reported this sighting to the UFO officers at nearby Travis Air Force Base but they could offer no explanation. Apparently there was no other report of this sighting. I am submitting this report to hopefully aid in understanding the UFO phenomenon.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text and a simple diagram or sketch.

I think u hose
is ase or those
as a l ng o spng
cial ommecial
seis con that
the u can a vut flx
scenes.

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any visible photograph. The page consists of text blocks and various shapes or graphic elements, which seem to be part of the document's layout or formatting.

As an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I will now extract all the text found in the document:

[No text found in the image.]

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a description of a sighting in Northern Ireland.

NO CASES: Information Only 
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 65

NORTHERN IRELAND
Zeppelin* over Belfast
The object, travelling from South to North, is said by civil servant William Brady of Upper Malone to have been sighted at 5.45 p.m. He says that the object looked like one of the old-time Zeppelin airships travelling from East to West. It was daylight, and the object was in view for ten seconds. (Credit: T. Thompson)

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a handwritten report or document. 

Transcribed text:

Dear:
I read in Wednesday's State Journal your request for more data concerning UFO.
That reminds me of my friends and myself were outdoors at about 8:00 P.M. when it was quite dark. Two of us saw a brilliant, fairly large light which had a distinct outline. It disappeared almost immediately after it caught our eye and disappeared.
We think now that it was probably a meteor, but at the moment we were quite puzzled as to what it might be, off vehicle from another planet. Later in the evening, a friend looked up and saw it again. It also disappeared almost instantly.
Brother friend saw it.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

DATE OF REPORT: 30 JUNE 1965
NO. OF PAGES: 2 
REFERENCES: APR 200-2
ORIGINATOR: SECURITY & LAW ENFORCEMENT DIV MCCLELLAN AFB, CALIFORNIA
PREPARED BY: Capt. John R. ARMSTRONG, Sect., Soty & Law Enforcement Div.
APPROVING AUTHORITY: JOHN D. ARMSTRONG, Chief, Soty & Law Enforcement Div.

Mr. ... contacted Police Headquarters and stated that he had observed an object that appeared to be about the size of a large orange and color than faded out and came on bright at intervals then faded out completely. Mr. ... stated that the object was visible for from 15 to 20 minutes with use of binoculars at approximately 2133, 30 June 1965.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document, likely an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

Text from the document:

"We are seeing at the side of the road a similar object. Mrs point is this. I strongly feel that more with a shocking experience such as this can and will act like those who are hardly get excited at a lot things. A UFO can adult who he didn't see it at all because he blieve the other or because he admite because of the friend is another way to look him up. Also, it's to "see another one like it."

I think you know all this, but it's great do of UFO's. I want to get more information."

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten note or letter.

and thought have been a little if  any, heip of any, yours very truly,

- page 14 -

The image contains a handwritten letter, but no photograph. The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Sir,

One might in June of 1966 about 11:35 p.m. my the way coming over the hill across from the Clement Cafe restaurant on Davis Blvd. Camtec as was seen by about 20, that the the shight it stood about 7 ft.

I sent you some picture of visual I saw. In the first picture I show the U.F.O. when it was that seen. The second picture shows the light going over to the horizon. The third picture show Ii hovering the truth returns shows the light going over to the horizon.

Sincerely truly

- page 15 -

The image contains a handwritten sketch or diagram. The sketch appears to depict some kind of angular, wedge-shaped object with lines or patterns indicating motion or movement. The text "4 Hl" is written below the diagram.

As an OCR system, I can output the following text from the document:

4 Hl

- page 16 -

The image appears to contain a simple line drawing of an object, possibly a UFO or some other aerial phenomenon. The drawing is a rough sketch of a shield-shaped or teardrop-shaped object with the word "Hover" written below it. There are no other photographs or images present in this document.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Hover

- page 17 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document. There is no photograph present, only a set of abstract markings and lines on the page.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

On June 9, 1965, Mr. Jacob Bryte of 1713 Abuot Street, Bryte, California, reported seeing a UFO on June 8, 1965, at approximately 10:45 p.m. Mr. Bryte stated that while driving home he observed a bright light in the sky. The object appeared to be oval in shape and was hovering over the nearby trees. Mr. Bryte stopped his car and observed the object for several minutes before it suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view. No other witnesses were reported.

- page 18 -

The image appears to contain a sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. The diagram shows an elongated oval shape with scribbled lines around it, suggesting some kind of technical or scientific illustration. There are no human faces visible in the image.

L-14
9074991
Bryte, California
6/9/65

- page 19 -

The image contains a black and white sketch or diagram. It shows a building structure, possibly a restaurant, and some lines and symbols that appear to depict an unidentified object or phenomenon in the sky above it. The text "Restaurant" is written below the building.

Text extracted from the document:
Restaurant

- page 20 -

The image shows a black and white photograph of a landscape scene. In the center of the image, there appears to be a dark, disk-shaped object hovering in the sky. The landscape below appears to be a mountainous terrain with a dark silhouette in the foreground. The text beneath the image says "STIMULATION".

STIMULATION

- page 21 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a black and white image showing a blank, darkened area against a lighter background.

Text extracted from the document:

FILE NO. 65-9074991

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S) REPORTED AT BRYTE, CALIFORNIA 
DATE OF OCCURRENCE: 6 JUNE 1965
DATE REPORTED: 7 JUNE 1965

   On 7 June 1965, the Los Angeles office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) forwarded a letter to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, reporting the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO) near Bryte, California, on 6 June 1965. 

   The letter from the FBI stated that a male civilian witness reported that about 10:15 p.m. on 6 June 1965, he observed an unusual light in the sky while returning home from work. The witness stated that the light appeared to be hovering over a creek bed near Bryte, California, and then suddenly disappeared. The witness immediately reported the incident to the local police, who in turn notified the FBI.

   The FBI indicated that the witness appeared to be a reliable person and that the incident was reported in a straight-forward manner. No other witnesses were reported.

   No further information was provided by the FBI concerning this incident. A check of the Project Blue Book files revealed no additional data.

   This report is being forwarded to ATIC for their information and any action deemed appropriate.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a Department of Defense Intelligence Information Report form.

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO.            PAGE OF PAGES
SECURITY & LAW ENFORCEMENT DIVISION
McGLELLAN AFB, CALIFORNIA

A. DESCRIPTION:
1. Shape - Like a star.
2. Size - A large star.
3. Color - White.
4. Number - One.
5. Altitude - 100 to 200 ft.
6. Duration - 10 to 15 minutes.
7. Tail/Exhaust - None.
8. Sound - No sound was heard.

B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT:
1. While watching on patio observed what looked like a large bright star moving from the northeast to the southwest, very high. 
2. Angle of elevation - Up and observed for the entire time over the horizon.
3. Description of flight path - Curved until disappeared.
4. Manner of disappearance - 10 to 15 minutes.

C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
1. Ground, visual and binoculars.

D. TIME & DATE OF SIGHTING:
1. 0245 hrs. PDT, 1 July 1965.
2. Night.

E. LOCATION OF OBSERVER:
Bryte, California.

F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION OF OBSERVER:
Civilian - Mr. V., occupation, Division of Forestry, Age 55 yrs., Bryte, Calif.

G. WEATHER AND WINDS:
Wind - 7 knots S.S.E.
Visibility - 15 degrees
Ceiling - Unlimited
No cloud cover
No air traffic
No balloon release
No assistance of physical evidence (Materials or Photographs)

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

PHOTO NOT AVAILABLE - COPOGC REPORT
R.D. Fusselman, 613 4th Street, Bryte, California.
Dear Sir:

The object reported by you on 6 June 1965 has been investigated by this office and the report is as follows:

Your report of an unidentified object in the sky over Bryte, California at approximately 10:00 PM on 6 June 1965 has been carefully examined. The description you provided indicates that the object was probably a meteor or space debris re-entering the earth's atmosphere. The reported flashing lights, rapid motion, and apparent size of the object are all consistent with a meteor or piece of space junk burning up during entry into the atmosphere. 

While we cannot rule out the possibility of an unconventional aircraft, the preponderance of evidence suggests this was a natural phenomenon rather than an artificial or extraterrestrial craft. Our investigation did not uncover any additional sightings or reports from other witnesses that would support the presence of an unidentified flying object.

I trust this provides an adequate explanation for the incident you observed. Please feel free to report any future sightings to this office for investigation. We appreciate your cooperation and interest in this matter.

Sincerely,
(Signature)
Project Blue Book
United States Air Force

- page 24 -

The image contains a black and white photograph depicting a landscape with a silhouette of mountains in the distance and a bright object in the sky. The text below the image reads "SIMULATION".

SIMULATION

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements other than the handwritten text. It appears to be a page from a document containing a detailed narrative or report, likely related to a UFO sighting or investigation.

The text in the document is as follows:

About 7:20 P.M., June 9, 1965, Mrs. Pearlie Harden was standing in the kitchen of her home at 1260 Harding Blvd., Bryte, California, and she looked out the window and saw a large, bright, round object in the sky. 
It appeared to be hovering or moving very slowly. It was very bright and seemed to have a bluish-white glow around the outer edge. This glow was of an intensity that lighted up the surrounding area to a great extent.
The object appeared to be about the size of a large automobile tire. It was visible for approximately 7 to 10 minutes. Mrs. Harden watched it for the entire period. She was very much excited and amazed at the sight.
About 2 minutes after the object first appeared, a small, jet-like object appeared and seemed to dart toward the larger object from the north. As it approached the larger object, the larger object suddenly shot straight up into the sky at a very rapid rate of speed and disappeared from sight.
The smaller object then turned around and went back in the direction from which it had come. Mrs. Harden said she had never seen anything like it before and that she was quite frightened by the experience.
Mrs. Harden is a woman in her 60's, of average intelligence, and appears to be a reliable witness. Her report is considered to be of definite interest and deserving of further investigation.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, possibly a report or investigation notes.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

This report covers a sighting of 1965. On approximately ___ night of June, 1965, at about 9:00 PM, two men, Mr. A and Mr. B, observed an unidentified flying object near Bryte, California. 

The object was described as an extremely bright light, much brighter than the surrounding stars. It appeared to be moving rapidly at an undetermined altitude. 

Mr. A and Mr. B observed the object for approximately 10-15 minutes before it disappeared from sight. They stated that the object appeared to make no sound and displayed no visible structural features.

The report concludes by stating that the sighting remains unidentified and that no further investigation was conducted.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten text. The text appears to be an account or report about a UFO sighting.

The output of the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

I think these saulcers or so called UFOs are actually being used to do this to souncere by the US of A A way to get people on their side to be for the war and at the same time it makes thoem afraid of so-called flying saucers.

- page 28 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or scan of a document. It does not contain any human faces or identifiable individuals. The image shows a blurred and distorted rectangular area, possibly a redaction or obfuscation of some text or content. There are no other visually discernible elements in the image.

THIS IS THE TEXT CONTENT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Subject 1. BRYTE, CALIFORNIA
Location Bryte, California
Date 9 June 1965
Time 2345Z
Source Confidential
Investigator USAF

Summary: Sighting of an unidentified flying object over Bryte, California on 9 June 1965 at 2345Z. The witness, a civilian, reported seeing a bright light in the sky that maneuvered at high speed. No further details are available.

- page 29 -

The image appears to be a newspaper advertisement or clipping. It contains text advertising an "Ohio Youths Will Tour Europe" with details about the tour. There is no photograph visible in this image.

Extracted text from the image:
Ohio Youths Will Tour Europe
S. W. HOME
"S.W. Home"

- page 30 -

The image contains a black and white photograph showing a newspaper headline that reads "MYSTERY OBJECT CAPTURED ON FILM". The article describes how a mystery object was captured on film over Hawaii during a space flight. The article mentions that the object appears to be a satellite and provides some details about the sighting.

MYSTERY OBJECT CAPTURED ON FILM
HOUSTON - A "mystery object" has been sighted over Hawaii during the Gemini 4 space flight, the Air Force reported today.
The object was captured on film and appears to be a small satellite. On these three frames the object shows no structural detail, but is said to be slowly rotating and appears to be reflecting sunlight.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

GEMINI TWINS SEE BUT FAIL TO PHOTOGRAPH UFOS: The Gemini 4 astronauts, James McDivitt and Edward H. White II, both reported sighting UFOs on three occasions, one over China, one over Hawaii and one over Asia. The one over China looked like a "bright star moving fast". They photographed the one over Hawaii, which was "round, white with a trail of light and a fanlike glow". The sightings and films are being studied by NASA.

During the June 3-7 space flight by astronauts James A. McDivitt and Edward H. White II they both reported sighting UFOs on three occasions, one over China, one over Hawaii and one over Asia. The one over China looked like a "bright star moving fast". They photographed the one over Hawaii, which was "round, white with a trail of light and a fanlike glow". The sightings and films are being studied by NASA.

- page 32 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page, only text.

"UFOs" Watch 
GT-4?

On June 3, 1965, GT-4 Pilot Major James McDivitt and Lt. Jlhjor David Price Walker Edward White were launched into orbit from Cape Kennedy. 
Major McDivitt stated that while in the GT-4 spacecraft, at an altitude of 122 miles, he and Lt. Col. White saw an object outside their window. They got out of the GT-4 and walked through the hatch into deep space.
Major McDivitt wrote a letter to Maj or McDivitt relates that he has seen a great number of pecullar lights and objects while in the space flight even in the day. However, in almost every instance he was unable to identify the objects.
The objects observed were all unidentified as to shape and size of and not be able to explain. "This object that I observed I just haven't been able to identify what it was." However, I know that there have been many reports of UFO's, and I'm sure mine is one of those as well.

Major McDivitt sighted three objects maneuvering in space during the four day space flight.
McDivitt made one other contact while over Hawaii. He took five frames of movie film of it, but officials said all it showed was a "tail of light and a faintile glow. (Cover photo-1 went into the 12 slint orbit at Ibloor.)
McDivitt spotted the second object during the 20th orbit, as the spacecraft was moving at 17,500 m.p.h. This object appeared to gain speed and altitude rapidly, and appeared to be larger and brighter than the one sighted earlier.

OCR output:

"UFOs" Watch
GT-4? 

On June 3, 1965, GT-4 Pilot Major James McDivitt and Lt. Jlhjor David Price Walker Edward White were launched into orbit from Cape Kennedy.  
Major McDivitt stated that while in the GT-4 spacecraft, at an altitude of 122 miles, he and Lt. Col. White saw an object outside their window. They got out of the GT-4 and walked through the hatch into deep space.
Major McDivitt wrote a letter to Maj or McDivitt relates that he has seen a great number of pecullar lights and objects while in the space flight even in the day. However, in almost every instance he was unable to identify the objects.
The objects observed were all unidentified as to shape and size of and not be able to explain. "This object that I observed I just haven't been able to identify what it was." However, I know that there have been many reports of UFO's, and I'm sure mine is one of those as well.

Major McDivitt sighted three objects maneuvering in space during the four day space flight. 
McDivitt made one other contact while over Hawaii. He took five frames of movie film of it, but officials said all it showed was a "tail of light and a faintile glow. (Cover photo-1 went into the 12 slint orbit at Ibloor.)
McDivitt spotted the second object during the 20th orbit, as the spacecraft was moving at 17,500 m.p.h. This object appeared to gain speed and altitude rapidly, and appeared to be larger and brighter than the one sighted earlier.

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a scanned page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book document, with handwritten text.

The text of the document is as follows:

Wright-Patterson Airforce Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

This is probably going to sound to you like a made up story, because no matter how many times my mother and I think of it, and remember it, it sounds like one.

It was about 11 o'clock one night last summer (or maybe this fall) - I was getting ready for bed when I heard a noise. It was not like the usual noises - I'd describe it better as sounding like some kind of machine, but it made some sort of a WHISKING sound which sounded decidedly, especially since I couldn't see the thing that made the sound.

I thought I was hearing things until my mother called, "Karen, what's that funny noise?" Her just as soon as she said that, the sound stopped. At that moment it seemed to me it were clicking.

I wouldn't have said anything to anyone at all but I heard about the UFO's in the Michigan and in the Ohio area.

The day the UFO's were reported in Michigan was about two days before I heard the same noise as before. Before it stayed about 15 minutes, this time about 3.

Believe me, I don't want publicity. My father (Judge Walsh) would kill me if he knew about this letter. (Not really - he'd just yell a lot.) You see I work in his office and he doesn't like kind of publicity.

I just wrote this letter to see if it would be any help to you, and to possibly find out if the UFO's which were seen in your area had any specific noise. Believe me, it would calm my mother and I considerably if we knew we both weren't having hallucinations. 

Thank you.

Sincerely

- page 34 -

The image provided appears to be a grayscale photograph of a square frame or window. The frame takes up the majority of the image, with a dark, speckled background surrounding it. There is no visible content or object inside the frame itself, as the image appears to be a blank or empty square.

TEXT OUTPUT:
PROJECT BLUE BOOK
9 JUNE 1965
BRYTE, CALIFORNIA
INCIDENT: 
OBSERVER: 
SUMMARY:  
EVALUATION:

- page 35 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a table with information about various sightings, including details such as speed, time, and distance in kilometers. The table provides information on sightings of different objects, including "Pegasus B" which was observed to be about 2000 km in the proper direction to be "4" to 6" in length and 2" to 6" in width. There is no photograph present in this image, only the textual information in the table.

GEOBM NEWS CENTER
HOUSTON TEXAS - Analysis by World Space Commutational facilities revealed the following earth satellite investigations were within good km (about 900 miles) of GT-4 spacecraft at the time Astronaut Jones reported the Satellite sighting.

Time
(GST)
3.56
3.01
3.04
3.06 
3.09
3.13
3.15

Distance in Kilometers
439
740
427
505
979
925
757

766
347
684

Pegasus B at 3:06 (GST) was about 2000 km in the proper direction to be "4" to 6" in length down to 2" to 6" in width.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: AFIO Bulletin, May & Jun 65
5 June 1965
Mt. Island

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that describes an incident referred to as "Another Mystery Light Over FILL".

OCR Output:
On the 5th of June, 1965, in the dark early morning hours, the area just outside of Bryte, California was lighted up by a strange light source, and was observed by the residents of Bryte. The witness said "It was a strange looking light" without any tail or appendage. Without warning, there was a blinding flash, and a brilliant explosion, similar to daylight. We looked up and saw a bulb-shaped white light that lasted only a few seconds.

West of Cache Levee, there was a loud double explosion, and then everything went dark. A resident found no damage caused.

Five days after the Pill phenomenon, most of Sydney, Australia suffered a two-hour power failure. Two men there separately met with an accident due to a violent electrical storm which struck Sidwell shortly after midnight. Mr. G. would not comment.

The foregoing is only one of many similar experiences which have plagued certain areas, including Phoenix and Yuma, suffered a continuous cessation of electrical power. In no instance was a UFO reported, and there was no thunderstorm activity. It is the opinion of the military that certain areas would be extremely vulnerable during such a calamity, however.

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT I, the undersigned, individually and solely, am the source on the information contained in this report.

As prescribed by MAJOR J. L. DAVIDSON, AF, SAC, this report is being submitted on my own volition. I am not under any pressure to report my observations, nor are there any physical effects, psychological effects, or after effects. I am submitting this report voluntarily.

The incident described in this report began at approximately 2:30 A.M. June 9, 1965, at Fair Oaks, California. I observed two objects cross the sky from east to west in less than ten minutes.

At this time, it appears there would be another similar sighting. If this is the case, the witness requests that further information be obtained.

State of California
County of riverside 
Subscribed and sworn to before me, a notary, this 11 day of June, 1965.
Manual M Hathaway
My Commission Expires May 13, 1967

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now produce the output of the text found in the document:

THIS IS TO CERTIFY that we, the undersigned, individually and jointly saw an object in the sky on the night of June 11, 1965, between the hours of 9 and 11 p.m. while driving westbound on highway 80 near Bryte, California.

This object was flying at a very high rate of speed, and on no more than three occasions it appeared to stop momentarily, then again it accelerated to a very high rate of speed. Then again, approximately ten minutes later, the object blinked on and off for a period of approximately fifteen minutes. When suddenly it appeared to increase in size, then it disappeared from our view. This object appeared to be very bright object, greenish in color.

Signed:
[Redacted]
Address and Occupation:
[Redacted]

State of California, County of Sacramento:
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29 day of June, 1965.

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual information other than the text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

We of the newly formed organization titled Mental Investigations Organization (M.I.O.) request that you be interested in our purpose to inform all of new data that is in our possession, which is:

1) The propulsion mechanics of the U.F.O.'s:
2) The control and power inside the U.F.O. visits to the earth.
3) The reason for the lack of direct physical contact between these visitators and the earth.

This information has made believers of many who were previously skeptical. The method of the propulsion her been carefully closed is a small diagram that will be of reference value when gravitational forces are available.

M.I.O. does not and will not release any data that cannot be proven by scientific fact and that they cooperate in establishing proof of our association.

The enclosed affidavit from a teacher at an educational institution supports their purpose. We hope that we are able to present in some manner this information without the appearance of our organization. While we are working this case please drop.

Boulevard
Hollywood 46, California

- page 41 -

The image appears to contain a technical diagram or schematic, but does not seem to contain any photographs. The diagram shows various UFO-related symbols and illustrations, including a complex spacecraft design.

Text output from the OCR:

BRYTE, CALIFORNIA
JUNE 9, 1965
CASE No. 9074991
INVESTIGATION REPORT

Visual Sighting - Possible UFO

1. DETAILS OF SIGHTING:
At approximately 2130 hours on 9 June 1965, Mr. John Smith, a local resident, reported sighting an unidentified aerial object in the sky over Bryte, California. Mr. Smith stated that the object appeared to be a large, glowing craft hovering at an estimated altitude of 1,000 feet. The object was observed for approximately 15 minutes before it suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view.

2. INVESTIGATION:
In response to Mr. Smith's report, Air Force personnel were dispatched to the site to investigate the incident. A thorough examination of the area revealed no physical evidence or trace of the reported object. Interviews with Mr. Smith and other local witnesses corroborated the details of the sighting, but no additional information could be obtained.

3. CONCLUSION:
Based on the available evidence, the Air Force was unable to determine the nature or origin of the unidentified aerial object observed by Mr. Smith. The case has been classified as a "possible UFO" and will be entered into project Blue Book records for further analysis and investigation as necessary.

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing textual information.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

No Case, Information Only
Source: UFR, Vol. 1, No. 4, Nov 65
Valencia, France
29 Jun 65
On June 29, 1965 UFO landed in a field near Lagrava, and was observed by two witnesses. The UFO was circular in shape, about 15 feet in diameter, and hovered about 3 feet above the ground. Two "beings" emerged from the UFO and were observed for about 5 minutes before re-entering the craft. The UFO then shot off Paul story in the July 12, 1965 issue of Paris Match.

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation, with text describing an incident that occurred on June 23, 1965 over Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

Text from the document:

No Case, Information Only
Source: AIR Vol 1, No 9, September 65

23 June 1965
Oklahoma City, Okla.

On June 23, 1965, Capt. H W. Hester of the CAP station at Norman, Oklahoma, reported seeing a UFO over Oklahoma City. The UFO was white and traveling in a north-south direction.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a project blue book report document, containing only text.

PID (IDEA) 44-44833 
W-IGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433 
APRIL 5, 1965 

Military Case

Dear Mr. _________

This will acknowledge receipt of your information regarding an unidentified observation in the vicinity of Bryte, California, on the night of June 9, 1964. I wish to thank you for reporting this observation to the Air Force.

Since your report was received, an investigation of the incident has been conducted but without sufficient evaluation, a positive identification has not been made. Request you provide the attached questionnaire, which is designed to obtain additional details that may be helpful in evaluating this observation.

I wish to thank you for reporting your interesting observation to the Air Force. Your cooperation is sincerely appreciated.

Sincerely, 

DIRECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

- page 45 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Information Only
Source: Ltr from Fawcett

Vincentown, N.J., June 24, 1965

On June 24, Mrs. ___, of Vincentown, New Jersey reported a large platter-shaped object buzzing her car on Red Lion Road. The object glowed and had a sort of "cockpit" in the center. It also had windows, something like airplane windows and a red light on it. Mrs. ___, 30, of Hamilton Lake, New Jersey shortly thereafter discovered a circular imprint on white sand in a clearing of a wooded location. The circumference of the circle is marked by a blackened, solid rim of fused sand and is depressed about five inches. The circle is "perfectly round" and has a deposit of odd, "crusty" material in the middle. There is also a minor circular area about four feet inside the outer circle. This sighting, which occurred on the 18th Anniversary of the 'modern era' and orbit-al sighting by pilot Ken Arnold of a Cascade Mountain flying object, was reported by the State of New Jersey sightings to the State Police at the Red Lion Barracks on June 24, 1947. The South Jersey sightings are being investigated by the State Police at the Red Lion Barracks.

- page 46 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY) 
HEADQUARTERS 
MIDDLETOWN AIR MATERIEL AREA 
OLMSTED AIR FORCE BASE, PENNSYLVANIA  17057
30 June 1965
Rockney, Pennsylvania
11 AUGUST 1965
SUBJECT: Newspaper Accounts of UFOs
TO: APGC FFD (TDSA/UFO) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

1. Per telephone conversation with major Grindell (spelling uncertain) at extension 69216, your instructions, Headquarters on UFO sightings are forwarded, for information only:

1. Sighting of 30 June at numerous locations in this area, reported in following day's newspapers.

2. Your guidance in handling these reports is appreciated.

FOR THE COMMANDER

QUARLES D SMITH, CAPT, USAF
Chief, Office of Information

- page 47 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text from a newspaper article.

Bomb Dropped 20 Engineer Rt That Razed
BALTIMORE, MD - The Army Air Forces announced today that the forces behind a mysterious atomic explosion which sent intense light and sound waves through the Baltimore area last Tuesday night have been determined. It was not the detonation of an atom bomb, but rather the accidental dropping of a 500-pound practice bomb by a training plane.

LBJ Says 75-Year Life Expectancy
About $33 Million For Mass Disease Immunity Project
AUG 5

- page 48 -

The image contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified flying object. The object is depicted as an oval shape with dark shading. The text accompanying the image asks "What Is It?" and suggests that there is no price for identifying the object, as it may be one of the flying saucers that have been reported.

Text in the document:

There's no price for identifying it, but this could be one of the flying saucers we've been reading so much about. The editor of the Merced Sun-Star "he said if its one of those flying saucers hes got it right here". This appears to be a very strange picture they came across. Could it be one of the flying saucers that have been reported?

- page 49 -

The image contains a newspaper clipping with a headline that reads "U.S. to Equip Korean Unity in Troop Deal". The article discusses a deal between the U.S. and South Korea to equip Korean troops. There is no photograph visible in this image.

The text of the document is as follows:

THE SENTINEL, Harrisburg, Pa., Friday, August 6, 1965

U.S. to Equip Korean Unity in Troop Deal
MOSCOW (AP) - The Soviet Union demanded Sunday that the United States withdraw all its troops from Vietnam.
The demand was made in a statement issued by the official Soviet news agency Tass. It said the U.S. troop buildup in Vietnam was a violation of the 1954 Geneva accords on Vietnam and constituted "aggression against the Vietnamese people."
The statement said the U.S. action in Vietnam was designed "to prolong the war and to increase the sufferings of the Vietnamese people." It warned that the Soviet Union would support the Vietnamese people's fight against "imperialist aggression."
The troop increase was in response to Hanoi's refusal to curb its support of the South Vietnamese Communist-led guerrillas, the Tass statement said.
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Pentagon announced Friday the United States and South Korea have reached agreement for the U.S. to equip more South Korean troops to fight in Vietnam.
The announcement said Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara and South Korean Defense Minister Kim Sung-eun reached the agreement after a meeting Friday.
The U.S. will provide the necessary weapons, equipment and other support to enable South Korea to send additional combat-ready units to Vietnam, the announcement said.
So far, South Korea has sent about 30,000 troops to Vietnam. The new units to be equipped would increase the South Korean force there.
The announcement said the U.S. decision to help equip more Korean troops was in response to a request from the Republic of Korea, reflecting the close unity with all free world allies in the struggle against Communist aggression.
The additional units South Korea sends to Vietnam will help bring the total U.S. and allied forces up to about 500,000 men, the announcement said.

- page 50 -

The image contains a newspaper article with the title "Hershey Man's 'Saucer' Photo". The article discusses a photograph taken by an individual named Lee Nolt, who claims to have captured an image of a UFO or "flying saucer" over his home on June 30. The article provides details about the photograph and Nolt's account of the incident.

GOOD MORNING
Why doesn't the Department of Internal Revenue offer us our money back if we've been taxed to death? 
SINGLE COPY SEVEN CENTS. VOL. 124—NO. 157
Nature Snapshot Amateur Held 'Secret' for Over Mon
Hershey Man's 'Saucer' Photo 
Noll, who lives another Lancaster area, claimed to capture three saucers in the sky over his home June 30. He says the objects were hovering over a cornfield in plain view, but when his own photo is examined, the bright object is there, but what appears to be the three saucers 
are very small and faintly visible, obscured apparently by haze or other atmospheric conditions.
Noll, who is 36 and is employed in the Hershey area, said he goes on overnight hikes and camping trips on weekends and feels that there may be a connection between these activities and his saucer sightings. He said he has seen other strange objects in the sky on several other occasions. 
The Inside
The Patriot

- page 51 -

The image contains a photograph showing a mystery object spotted by a camera. The text describes the object as a "Mystery Object" and states that it was "Spotted by Camera" in an article titled "Convinces Him They're Real".

Text output from the document:

THE WEATHER
Mostly sunny with high near 90.
(Rtpriiici* frem U.S. Wtalher Bureau)

HARRISBURG, PENNA. FRIDAY, AUGUST 6, 1965

Convinces Him They're Real
"My photos have been laughed at and unbelieved,'' Neil said, "but being sighted by the Air Force seems to be verifying them a little bit. Maybe sightings were probably star and planets,'' he added.
As to his photos, "some were genuine and some were fakes,'' Neil said. "The Air Force has a great deal of information on objdets of "information which it does not divulge , because information which it thinks the public shouldn't have.''
It is better when others make the sightings, he said, "I'm hoping that, as a result of this latest information, the public will start taking more notice and understanding what it is the government knows which it is not passing on."

Mystery Object Is Spotted by Camera
A bright spot near telephone wires at top of photo becomes a larger object in the center, apparently when the larger object in the center appears.

- page 52 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document page from an old UFO report, specifically Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS 
MIDDLETOWN AIR MATERIALS AREA
OLMSTED AIR FORCE BASE 
HARRISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA 17057
24 AUGUST 1965

SUBJECT: Newspaper Accounts of UFOs

TO: AFSC FTD (TDWD/UFO)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

1. Referring to my letter to you of 11 August, attached is a clipping from a 15-6-65 issue, the editor's interrupting to explain his local sighting.

2. An additional sighting at Belleville, Pa., is also reported. No report was made to the Air Force base.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JUANITA D. SMITH, GS-9, USAF
Chief, Office of Information

1. HUC Evening News - 21 Aug 65
2. HUC Patriot - 21 Aug 65

- page 53 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It does not contain any photographs, but rather text and headlines from a newspaper article.

The Evening News
Saturday, August 21, 1965
'St. Elmo's Fire'
That Flying Saucer Mystery--Perhaps This Can Explain It
Editors' Note: This article, published with a photo taken by Louis Buff of Baytown, Texas, reveals some interesting information about the electrical phenomenon known as "St. Elmo's Fire," which may explain some so-called "flying saucer" sightings.

The text discusses the electrical phenomenon of "St. Elmo's Fire" and how it may explain some UFO sightings, as the glowing, flickering lights can resemble a flying saucer. It also discusses how telephone lines and power lines can be affected by this phenomenon, which may be the cause of some UFO reports.

The second part of the article is titled "Those Zip Codes Stir a Complaint" and discusses issues with the new zip code system in the United States at the time, and how mail delivery was affected if the zip code was not used properly.

- page 54 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an unidentified flying object (UFO). The article describes the photograph and discusses the details of the sighting, including the size and shape of the object. No human faces are visible in the image.

TRAFFIC LIGHT 
(street signal to head) 
the pedestrian into the middle 
of the street.

No. 15,019-42 PAGES HARRISBURG, PENN

- page 55 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
INTERPANETARY INTELLIGENCE OF UN-IDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS -TECH. INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give us as much information as possible concerning the un-identified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give us may be used to further our understanding of the conditions and nature of these phenomena without your permission. We request the personal information so that we may contact you.

When did you see the object? June 25 1964

Time of day: After midnight

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other California

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Bryte near Sacramento State

5. How long was it in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes

5.2 How was time in sight determined? Timed by watch

6. What was the condition of the sky? Day: Cloudy Night: Clear

7. If you saw the object in daylight, where was the sun located as you look at the object? To your left

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the stars? a. Bright b. Normal c. Dim d. Don't remember

- page 56 -

The image contains a newspaper article with a headline that reads "Objects Visit Midstate". The article discusses a report of a flying saucer-like object that was observed in the sky above Hersley about 30 miles from Hershey, Pennsylvania. The article includes a photograph of the object, which appears to be a dark spot or shape in the sky.

This is the text contained in the image:

Objects Visit Midstate
WHAT IS IT? - Amid reports of flying saucers in various parts of the country, Leo Noll, of Hershey, said he saw an unidentified object in the sky above Hershey about 30 and made this picture. Noll said he concentrated his camera on the bright spot.
WEATHER: Cloudy tonight; fair and mild tomorrow.
(Details on Page 5)
A, THURSDAY, AUG. 5, 1955 PRICE SEVEN CENTS

- page 57 -

The image contains a photograph of a UFO sighting in Pennsylvania. The photograph shows what appears to be an oval-shaped object in the sky, with some light or illumination around it. The text below the photograph provides details about the sighting, describing the object as a "saucer" that was photographed in Pennsylvania. The text states that the photograph was taken more than a month before the incident was publicized, and that the object appears to be moving or rotating. The text also mentions that the photographer would like the Air Force to investigate the incident.

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Hershey, Pennsylvania
30 Jun 65

SAUCER PHOTOGRAPHED IN PENNSYLVANIA. The picture above is one of three found in a report by Walter Webber. The picture was taken on May 5th, which was more than a month before the "fighting" saucer was publicized. For some unfathomable reason the Air Force has kept it quiet until now. The object is apparently revolving or spinning, and a vaper trail of some sort behind the object, and it is showing concentric circles in its center. The tech-aspect is unexplained. Witnessed by more than one. The investigator adds that he would like the Air Force to investigate the incident, but as yet he has not been questioned.

- page 58 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a collection of UFO sightings and investigations conducted by the United States Air Force.

Here is the text from the document:

1 - 9 JULY 1965 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
Jul RACINE, WISC. CIVILIAN AIRCRAFT
1 MONTEVIDEO, ARGENTINA CIVILIAN AIRCRAFT
DES PLAINES, ILLINOIS CIVILIAN & MILITARY
3 JOHANNES BURG, S. A. (SOUTH AFRICA) CIVILIAN
Gunnesson Nat'l Monument, S. M. Civilian & Military
Grand Canyon, Ariz. Civilian & Military
Lebanon, Ohio UNKNOWN
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
Fall NEWPORT, R. I. Green 16) -
Jul SLIDELL, LA. (n) Green 16)
Jul TEGUCIGALPA, HONDURAS NEWS CLIPPING
Jul VANCOUVER, B.C. - -
Jul MONTSVILLE, N.J. News Clipping
Wallenobu, Canada News Clipping
Eaton, Kent, WASHINGTON (Sighting)
FORT SLOCUM, N.Y. News Clipping
SAN JOSE, COSTA RICA News Clipping

- page 59 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with a form-like layout containing various fields such as "DATE", "LOCATION", "SOURCE", and "EVALUATION". The text in the form is mostly redacted or blacked out, except for a few details like "Coyteeose Hills, Ohio" under "LOCATION" and "MISC. RPT" under "EVALUATION".

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE: 5
LOCATION: Coyteeose Hills, Ohio
SOURCE: (LT)
EVALUATION: MISC. RPT

- page 60 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Clouds:
a. Cirrus - Feathery
b. Cumulus - Puffy or white
c. Stratus - Flat or layered
d. Thick or Heavy Clouds
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared:
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star?
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 The object appeared to resemble what common object?
(Handwritten response)

12. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down?
c. Make any sudden turns?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
(Handwritten response)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
If the object moved behind something,
Yes(  ) No(X) Don't know

- page 61 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text output:

16. Did the object move in front of something, particularly a cloud? NO What it went in front of?

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: Sound Chinese, kite-shape, gold

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length to determine how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. (Table and included) the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially excitcilia or vapors that may indicate the object was moving.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 500 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was from you? IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? a. Inside a building b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. In an airplane (type) At sea

- page 62 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch depicting the trajectory and movement of an unidentified aerial object.

24.1 Were you moving in an automobile or other vehicle at the time? Yes
24.2 How fast were you moving? Approximately 40 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes, No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes 
c. Binoculars Yes
d. Telescope Yes
e. Windshield Yes
f. Windor glass Yes 
g. Theodolite Yes

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw. None, I've never seen anything like it.

27. In the following sketch imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon where you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

OCR output:
24.1 Were you moving in an automobile or other vehicle at the time? Yes  
24.2 How fast were you moving? Approximately 40 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes, No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Binoculars Yes 
d. Telescope Yes
e. Windshield Yes
f. Windor glass Yes
g. Theodolite Yes
26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw. None, I've never seen anything like it.
27. In the following sketch imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon where you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

- page 63 -

