There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record. The text in the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 25-30 OCT. 66
2. LOCATION Southhampton, Long Island, New York
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 10-30 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE Stationary
8. PHOTOS () Yes (X) No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE () Yes (X) No
10. CONCLUSION Astro(Capella)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Observers noted a white very bright light in the NE part of the sky. The object was stationary and flashing various colors. Red, green, and white were seen during the sighting. The object appeared to go up and down and then drift slowly toward the south. The description is consistent with that of an astronomical observing.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Location of Observer(s):
Pinpoint location accurately. Use street and building names if it will help. (Describe location of house at 22 Dune Road, Westhampton Beach, L.I., N.Y.)

Identification of Observer:
Name [REDACTED]
Age 17
Mailing Address [REDACTED]
Phone Number [REDACTED] 
Occupation Student
EDUCATION: SECONDARY

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report about an unidentified object.

Physical Evidence: Were photographs taken or was any physical evidence of the object left behind? (Note: If the caller says there is physical evidence still present, contact Wing Operations Duty Officer through CAC, Ext 493, or the Air Police, Ext 408, immediately).

Weather: Clear

(Observer(s) account of weather conditions.

THIS IS THE END OF QUESTIONS FOR THE OBSERVER. RECORD ANY OTHER COMMENTS HE MAY WANT TO ADD. THANK HIM (HER) FOR CALLING.

OBJECTS STILL THERE /

WHEN THE CALLER HAS HUNG UP, CALL BASE WEATHER AT EXT. 493 FOR THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:

WIND DIRECTION VELOCITY IN KNOTS & DEGREES
SURFACE: 230° 15 knots
10,000': 270° 30 knots 
16,000': 260° 50 knots
20,000': 240° 55 knots
30,000': 250° 58 knots
40,000': 250° 65 knots
50,000': 350° 55 knots
60,000': 350° 45 knots

Note: Weather questionnaire continued on page 5.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Ceiling: 10,000 ft
Visibility: 7 mi.
Amount of cloud cover: 0/10
Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: Vertical temperature gradient: Smoke: Decreases 14° to 19°

ANY OTHER UNUSUAL ACTIVITY OR CONDITION, METEOROLOGICAL, ASTRONOMICAL, OR OTHERWISE, WHICH MIGHT ACCOUNT FOR THE SIGHTING:
NO

NEXT CALL THE COMBAT ALERT CENTER, EXT. 195, FOR THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:
Was radar sighting made: NO
Was interception taken: NO

Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:

FINALE: CALL GERMAN AIR FORCEOPERATIONS SECTION AT 2120 HOURS AND TELL THEM THEY HAD ANY AIRCRAFT FLYING DURING THIS TIME PERIOD:
NO

Do not discuss the report with any civilian callers. Only the Office of Information, Hq USAF, is authorized to release information concerning UFO projects. Refer calls to them at 280-2777, or their assistant.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document that provides instructions and guidance for reporting UFO sightings.

The regulation which covers UFO reports is AFR 200-2. Refer to it if you have any questions in the handling of this report. Turn in this form with your UFO report in the morning.

One final note. Most UFO reports are rather routine "lights-in-the-sky" sightings. When a report comes in that is obviously based on more tangible evidence, or when several reports of sightings at the same time are received, contact the Operations Duty Officer through the CAC, Ext 493. Reports are much more easily investigated at the time of the sightings than a day or two later. Your cooperation and good sense will help the Air Force investigate these sightings in a professional manner.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, displaying information about a reported UFO sighting.

Project 10073 Record
1. Date & Time Group: 30 Oct. 65 23202
2. Location: Southampton, Long Island, New York
3. Source: Civilian
4. Number of Objects: one
5. Length of Observation: 7 minutes
6. Type of Observation: Visual
7. Course: south
8. Photos: no photos made
9. Physical Evidence: no
10. Conclusion: Unidentified photos(no x)
11. Brief Summary and Analysis: Observer was a sister-in-law that there was something in the sky to picture of. The observer watched the object move to the north and then to the south. The object had arms which seemed to be dark in color. The object appeared to be icy. It was seen for a very short time. The photos were definitely not of the object that was seen. The photos were taken on 30 Oct. 65 between 2300 and 2359 hours, and showed no trace.

- page 6 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed statement describing an observation of a UFO-like object.

30 Oct. 1966
Southampton, New York

I was alerted by my sister-in-law. There is something she says that might be interesting to take a picture. I walked out, about supper time, 6:20, in my shirt sleeves. Spotted object north along power line. Traveling north to south, then south west. UFO had arms that sparkled like arc-light, which seemed to be in front of, lighting up an area ahead of it. Heard slight hum, xxxxxxx like electric turbine. Was in sight for at least seven minutes. Guess to be at 1500 or 2,000 feet. Enormous size, over 100" wide. Following power line south to ocean, then turned southwest along Rt 27 to hover over college. Lost sight of it over college.

Type film: 35 mm
Green trail width (4+2) = 7 mm
If 90 mm dog, 22 mm = 6 width at 13 day/men, 1:50 ef = 6 mm
22 x 2.0359 = frame width
234 + 0.0359 = 234.0359 film width
35 mm frame = 15 frame
(0.0354 x 5.2) = 1.3 min

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing details about some kind of observation or event.

Plane visible
Luminance of greater Intensity (??)
Northerly
Ian - V (?) 08 720 
Length span 230
Elevation 200 
Same speed as a great Disturbance
citizens Graphic Sketch (?)
4 x 5 - 0.0092

- page 8 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. There is no photograph present in this particular image. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output all the text found in the document.

Plate Traiectories
My mark
1820

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. Instead, it appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s. The page contains a handwritten annotation "576" at the top, and the text at the bottom says "Southhampton-LongIsland-NewYork".

As requested, I will now act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce all the text found in the document:

576
Southhampton-LongIsland-NewYork

- page 10 -

The image contains a photograph of an alleged UFO and also shows three star trails. The report discusses the analysis of the photograph, including measurements of the positions of the three stars (Alpha Aries, Beta Aries, and Gamma Aries) and the separation of the three stars in declination. The report also mentions the plate scales obtained, uncorrected for geometry, and how they were used to compute an effective focal length for the lens used to make the 8 x 10 print.

SPECIAL REPORT ON PHOTOGRAPH
of three 8 x 10 prints submitted by Mr. --------, Southampton, L. I., to Mr. W. R. Robinson, one contains a photograph of an alleged UFO and also shows three star trails. A study of star and moon positions previous to the date of the supposed UFO photograph has shown that the three trails are images of the three brightest stars in the constellation Aries. The hypothesis was tested that the bright elongated object in the picture is a trailed image of the moon.
The coordinates of the three stars (1966) are as follows:
Alpha Aries 2h 05m 15s +23° 18' 09"  
Beta Aries 1h 52m 45s +20° 38' 33"
Gamma Aries 1h 53m 16s +19° 07' 40"
The first task was to calculate the plate scale on the assumption that these were in fact the coordinates of the ends of the star-trails. 
Since the paths were parallel on the print, the declination difference (at right angles to the direction of trail) was used. The separation of the three stars in declination, on the print, was measured to be
Alpha-Beta 0.695 inch
Beta-Gamma 0.333 inch
The plate scales obtained, uncorrected for geometry, were then used to compute an effective focal length for the lens used, as if the photograph were made directly onto the 8 x 10 print. The result was 16.31 inches. If the original negative were a 4 x 5 plate, the lens would have had a focal length to 3 inches; if a 35 mm camera were used, the focal length comes out to be 55 mm., quite close to a standard lens.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Name of person taking report: KEITH D. GORDON
Date of report: 30-10-66
Local Time: 2:50
Caller's name: [Redacted]
Telephone number: [Redacted]
Address: SOUTH HAMPTON COLLEGE

Description of object(s):
Shape: OVAL or ROUND
Size compared to a known object: [size comparison terms provided]
Color: WHITE - VERY BRIGHT
Number: 1
Formation, if more than one: [None]
Any discernible features or details: NONE
Tail, trail or exhaust, including size compared to size of object(s): NO
Sound, if heard, describe sound: NO
Other pertinent or unusual features: NO

Description of object's (s') course:
What first called the attention of the observer(s) to the object(s)?: OTHER PEOPLE

- page 12 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to a project called "Project Blue Book" and discusses calculations and measurements related to the declination of the moon and its position in the sky. The text describes various angles, distances, and calculations performed to determine the moon's declination.

Having the focal length, a correction factor could be computed to take into account the off-axis angles. The resulting corrected on-axis plate scale was 0.004175 inches per minute of arc, the scales computed from the measured separations agreeing within 1%.

The ratio of the declination separations on the print is 0.1757; the ratio of the actual declination-differences is 1.1756; the error is 0.011, or 0.63%. The identification may be taken as proven.

Next the declination-difference between each star-trail and the center of the moon-trail was measured. The distances were:
Alpha - moon 3.233 inches
Beta - moon 2.524 inches 
Gamma - moon 2.114 inches

A mean geometry correction was computed for the mid-points of these distances, and they were converted into angles, and the declination of the moon was computed, as follows:

Difference Angle Moon's Declination
Alpha - moon 12° 30'30" 10° 45'15"
Beta - moon 9° 52'30" 10° 46'55"
Gamma - moon 8° 21'5" 10° 46'32"
Mean computed declination 10° 46'19"

The declination of the moon is given in the ephemeris as viewed from the center of the earth; thus a person standing on the earth at a northerly latitude will see too low a declination due to parallax. This parallax was computed for a latitude of 40° north, and it amounted to 23 minutes of arc. The corrected ephemeris declination of the moon was 10° 46'19".

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text and tables. 

The text output is as follows:

thus li. 14.i9.
Right ascension was computed by first measuring the location of the
end of the moon-trail relative to a line drawn at right angles to the star-
trails; in this way the relative right ascension of the image of the moon
could be found. The position of the center of the moon was estimated by
centering a line as long as the star-trails on the elongated image, and
then picking one end of that line as the starting-position of the moon's
center. The difference in right ascension was not corrected for curvature
of the right-ascension lines, the declination being sufficiently close to
zero that little convergence would be expected. The measured difference
was again corrected for plate scale and off-axis angle, with the result
that the moon's right ascension at the start of the exposure was found to
be 2h 01m.
From the American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac for 1966, the
following table of apparent lunar coordinates was taken; all entries are
for 29 October 1966:
UT    EDST (Oct.29)    RA    DEC    RA error    DEC error
0200    10:00 PM    2h 55m 09s    +10° 43' 47"    +2m 06s    +30'
0300    11:00 PM    2h 01m 01s    +10° 56' 49"    +1m 16s    +37'
0400    12:00 PM    2h 06m 33s    +11° 09' 47"    -1m 35s    +05'
By a simple interpolation formula, the time was found when the
absolute amount of error was the same, in minutes of arc, in both directions:
Time: 0332 UT, or 11:32 PM EDST, Oct. 29th
RA: 2h 02m 05s (12 minutes of arc high)
DEC: 11° 03'8 (11 minutes of arc low)

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document containing text describing an analysis of a claimed photograph of the moon. The text states that the image was determined to be a "trailed image of the moon" that was taken on Friday, October 28th, between 11:00 and 12:00 PM EDT, rather than on Sunday, October 30th as claimed.

Eleven minutes of arc on the print is 0.046 inches on the print.
We take as proven the hypothesis that the picture is a trailed image of the moon, and that it was not taken on Sunday, October 30th, as claimed by Mr. ***, but on Friday evening, October 28th, between the hours of 11:00 and 12:00 PM, EDST. The picture is therefore a fraud.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter regarding a UFO observation report.

TDET/UFO
UFO Observation, October 1966

Southampton, New York 11969

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your completed PTD Form 164 on your unidentified observation. The report we have from the Southampton police says the object was sighted on 30 October 1966. As the form, just received by this office, you said that the object was observed on 3 October 1966. Confirmation of the date is requested.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTRD (TDETR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
9 November 1966

Southampton, New York 11968

Dear Mr. -,

Reference your unidentified observation of 30 October 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Requests you complete the attached PID Form 164 and return it to this office.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or page from a report.

Text found in the document:

"Sent 189 to
space phenomena 10 81
on this 30 Oct sighting"

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to contain a handwritten document or report.

ECPO 20045  Re entry 6074 & 6075.While on patrol was stopped by L.S.P.D at approx 10:38 p.m. while on Cecell Drive approx 100' South of Pontang & Dun Roaming Rds. Subject gave report to U.S.P.C. at which time object was observed flashing from red to green to yellow - it was observed for over one half hour. Did not appear to be moving reflecting students were in his company. also saw this incident.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document with some redacted or obscured text.

EA 1063 6273
19 OF

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this page of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a page with a form containing various questions about the object observed in the night sky, including questions about the stars, moon, weather conditions, and characteristics of the object. There is also a handwritten comment at the bottom of the page.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember 

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Twilight is slightly brighter than the object.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember

OTHER: Fairly bright, more distinct than usual twilight
c. Seemed a bit more distinct.

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
Yes
c. Change direction?
Yes
d. Give off smoke?
Yes
e. Change brightness?
Yes
f. Change shape?
Yes
g. Flash or flicker?
Yes
h. Disappear and reappear?
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know Lance Lawson
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

- page 21 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a questionnaire form for an observer to fill out regarding a UFO sighting.

Project Blue Book Questionnaire Form:

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENON THAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER AS MANY QUESTIONS AS POSSIBLE CAN. THE INFORMATION THAT YOU GIVE WILL BE USED FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES. YOUR NAME WILL NOT BE USED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY STATEMENTS, CONCLUSIONS, OR PUBLICATIONS WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION. WE REQUEST THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION SO THAT WE MAY CONTACT YOU FOR FURTHER DETAILS.

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE OBJECT? October 1966
2. TIME OF DAY: 10:52 HOUR MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. TIME ZONE: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE OBJECT? Smithhampton, New York City or Town State or County
5. HOW LONG WAS OBJECT IN SIGHT? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 HOW WAS TIME IN SIGHT DETERMINED? We sight exactly determined
5.2 WAS OBJECT IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY? Yes X No
6. WHAT WAS THE CONDITION OF THE SKY? (Circle One): a. NIGHT b. BRIGHT c. CLOUDY
7. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT DURING DAYLIGHT, WHERE WAS THE SUN LOCATED AS YOU LOOKED AT THE OBJECT? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing various text describing a UFO sighting.

Angle of elevation: The horizon is 0° elevation. Directly over the observer's head is 90° elevation. The object must appear within this 0° - 90° range.
Azimuth (which direction on the compass was it headed?): North is 360°, East is 90°, South is 180°, West is 270°. 
Angle of elevation and azimuth upon disappearance: Specific details provided.
Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Stationary.
How did the object(s) disappear? Instantaneously to the North, etc.
How long was (were) the object(s) visible? 15 minutes.
Manner of Observation: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic.
Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
This question is not pertinent when caller is a civilian. Complete only if reported by a pilot.
Date and Time of Sighting: 9-7-66, 6:35.
Zulu Time: 0:35.
Light Conditions - day, (slight) dawn, dusk.

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ______________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ______________________________

a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/aids?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Past yecl (jf uu/ch is vuas yMrtJ

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North e. South i. West
b. Northeast f. Southwest j. Northwest
c. East g. Southeast
d. Southeast h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes No) e. Binoculars (Yes No)
b. Sun glasses (Yes No) f. Telescope (Yes No)
c. Windshield (Yes No) g. Theodolite (Yes No)
d. Window glass (Yes No) h. Other _______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

It would look like a cylindrical object

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a witness questionnaire with handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
The NOT SURE because it slightly moved from one [position] to the next, disappearing behind the clouds.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [circled] No 
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
No response provided.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [circled] No
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
No response provided.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Didn't notice it
b. Color very bright white light - it was shaped sort of a green-white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have not performed this experiment at the time, we cannot determine the size.
About the size of a match head at arm's length

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The drawing shows a ball-shaped object with a trail behind it, indicating it was moving.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document or form related to a UFO sighting report.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mr. & Mrs. Southhampton, N.Y.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name, First Name Middle Initial
ADDRESS Street Southhampton, N.Y. State
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
AGE 50 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
I can't guess.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Sept. 20, 1966 Southhampton Lt. Police

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch appears to show the path of an unidentified flying object (UFO) across the sky. The compass rose in the bottom right provides visual context for the trajectory of the object.

Transcribed text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
90°  75°    60° 
           45°
           30°
           15°
           0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Drawing of object path showing increasing height 
moved in a west direction

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
Triangle formation with arrow pointing west

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 18 Day , March , Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Although I cannot estimate the altitude of the object, I know for sure, from being close to(estington A.F.B., that if the object could not have been a piloted aircraft.  It must certainly have been a saucer type of aerial craft.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation in October 1956.

Text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

ATIN OF: TDT/UFO 23 January 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, October 1956

TO: Southampton, New York 11968

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Reference your completed FTD Form 164 on your unidentified observation. The report we have from the Southampton police says the object was sighted on 30 October 1956. In the form just received by this office, you said that the object was observed on 23 October 1956. Confirmation of the correct date would be appreciated.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

(Handwritten note at the bottom: February 14, '66)

- page 29 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a request for helicopter information.

TDETR/MA] H QUINTANILLA, JR/70916/MHS/21 NOV 66
Request for Helicopter Information

Base Operations
Gt Neck Point Naval Air Station

Our office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from the Southampton, Long Island area. Request information on any helicopter activity that departed or arrived Gt Neck Point Naval Air Station on 20 October 1966 on the Long Island area, possibly with a final destination of Floyd Bennett Field, New York.

FOR THE COMMANDER
LOUIS DEGOES, COLONEL, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems 

COORDINATION:
TDETR/MA] H QUINTANILLA, JR   DATE 22 NOV 66
DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY    DATE 22 NOV 66

- page 30 -

This page does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a typed document from the U.S. Naval Air Station, Quonset Point, R.I., regarding a helicopter information request. The text in the document is as follows:

U. S. NAVAL AIR STATION
QUONSET POINT, R. I. 02819

IN REPLY REFER TO:
ADA/KJS/jck
25 November 1966

From: Air Operations Officer, U. S. Naval Air Station, Quonset Point, R. I.
To: Director of Technology and Subsystems (DTOS), Department of the Air Force, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Subj: Helicopter Information; request for

Ref: (a) Your ltr of 22 Nov 1966

1. In reply to reference (a), a search of our records indicates only one helicopter filed a flight plan on the date in question. The following information was taken from our records:

Radio Call - AS-59
Type of Aircraft - SH-3A
Departed - NAS Quonset Point
Time Departed - 1700Z / 12:00 EST
Returned - 2110
Altitude - 1,500
Flight Conditions - VMC
Route of Flight - S-GRN-D-AVH-D-JFK-D-COL-D-GYN-D-AIR-D-SSY-D-GCV
Destination - NAVY NORFOLK
Estimated Time of Arrival - 2030Z / 15:30 GST

G.H. JACKSON
CDR, USN
CDR, USN

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on a UFO sighting.

Text transcription:
"PROJ. NO. 10073
OFFICE - SECRETARY,
MATS DIV,
WASH. D.C. 20330
19 APR 1967
Dear I -
Further reference is made to your letter of 21 Mar 67 concerning the UFO sighting report submitted by Captain Clarence M. Chiles and Lt. John B. Whitted, for the 24 Jul 1948 incident in the vicinity of Montgomery, Alabama.
The information contained in your letter has been carefully reviewed, and after consideration of all the facts, it has been determined that the incident does not warrant reopening of the case. The conclusion reached at the time was that the object sighted was most likely a meteor or other natural phenomenon. This opinion, based on the facts available, remains unchanged.
I trust this additional information is helpful. If you have any other questions, please feel free to contact this office.
Sincerely,
Project Blue Book Officer"

- page 32 -

The image appears to be an old document page from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains handwritten text but no visible photograph.

Text from the document:

Was It a Satellite, Star, Plane?
On October 8, 1966, at about 8:40 P.M., EDT, the writer observed a bright light moving across the sky from north to south. It appeared to be at about 45 to 50 degrees above the horizon and was visible for about 1 minute. The light was steady and maintained a constant brightness. It was much brighter than stars or planets visible at the same time. It appeared to be traveling at a high rate of speed but was silent. The writer checked with the local control tower at the nearby Southampton Airport but they had no reports of any aircraft in the area at that time. The local radio stations also had no reports of any satellites or space vehicles visible in the area. The writer is quite certain the observed object was not a satellite, star, or any conventional aircraft.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Location of Observer(s): The location is accurately given as the backyard of a house at 22 Dunn Road, Westhampton Beach, N.Y.

Identification of Observer: The observer's name has been redacted, but the other details are provided - age 21, education 2-year college, mailing address Sag Harbor, NY, phone number 287-2300, and occupation student.

The text in the document is as follows:

Location of Observer(s):
Pigaon location accurately. Use street and building names if it will help. (Example - backyard of house at 22 Dunn Road, Westhampton Beach, N.Y.)

Lome Island, 2!3'/55 
South Hampton, N.Y.

Identification of Observer:
Name _______
Age 21 EDUCATION 2 year college 
Mailing Address Sag Harbor, N.Y. 
Phone Number 287-2300
Occupation STUDENT

TO PERSON COMPLETING FORM - Give your estimate of observer's reliability and experience:

Reliable

Witnesses: Obtain name, age, address, phone, and occupation of every witness. Use other side of this sheet if necessary.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

2 Nov. 66

Contact was made with the Suffolk County AFB operations regarding their rescue helicopters. They had no copters in the air on 30 Oct. 66.

Contact was made with the Shinnecock Hills Coast Guard station concerning their helicopters. Their nearest center is in Brooklyn and doesn't come out to this area unless there is an emergency.

Contact was made with Floyd Bennett Field, New York. Both Navy and Marine operations were checked for any helicopters that could have been in the Southampton area about 1800 30 Oct. 66. A negative response was obtained.

Contact was made with the Southampton town police. They on occasions use a German helicopter but did not think that the copter was being used on 30 Oct. 66.

Contact was made with Grumman Aircraft Company. Again a negative answer was obtained for any craft in the Southampton area on the night in question.

Contact was again made with the Coast Guard at Mattituck. They said that no patrols in the area this time of the year. They do have twilight patrols in the summer months only.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEC 16 1966
104th Tactical Fighter Group
Our office is in receipt of a reported UFO observation over the Southampton Long Island, New York area. A check of our fighter group is engaged in training flights over the area in question. Request information on participation by the 104th Tactical Fighter Group on Barnes 3 low altitude, high speed route on the afternoon of 30 October 1966.
FOR THE COMMANDER 
LOUIS DEGOES, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems
COORDINATION
TODF/UFO MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR DATE 16 Dec 66
FRED BATEN DUVEL DATE 16 Dec 66

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division, regarding a UFO observation over Southampton, Long Island, New York on 30 October 1966.

The text of the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 30 October 1966

TO: 104th Tactical Fighter Group

Our office is in receipt of a reported UFO observation over the Southampton Long Island, New York area. A check of our file indicates that your group is engaged in training flights over the area in question. Request information on participation by the 104th Tactical Fighter Group on Barnes 3 low altitude, high speed route on the afternoon of 30 October 1966.

FOR THE COMMANDER
LOUIS DEGOES, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
1st Ind
20 Dec 66
TO: TDST Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

On the above cited date this organization did not perform any flying in our prescribed local area; specifically the Barnes #3 Low Altitude Route.

FOR THE COMMANDER
BRUNO J GRABOWSKI, Lt Col USAF
Deputy for Operations

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten note stating "This case contains 3 4"x5" negatives and 7,8"x10" photos."

- page 38 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photograph or image. It appears to be a blank page with text at the bottom that says "Project blue book 1966-10-8290310 Southampton Long Island New York."

TEXT OUTPUT:
Project blue book 1966-10-8290310 Southampton Long Island New York

- page 39 -

The image contains a black and white photograph. The photograph appears to be a blurry, grainy image of what looks like a partially obscured, white, oval-shaped object against a dark background. There is no other visible content or text in the image.

FOOTAGE OF OBJECT SIGHTED OVER SOUTHHAMPTON LONG ISLAND NEW YORK.

- page 40 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a blank, grainy background.

TECHNICAL INFORMATION DIVISION ATSC

- page 41 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with the heading "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and the word "UNCLASSIFIED" on the top and bottom of the page.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a blank page from a Project Blue Book document.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
SUPPLEMENT
OCTOBER 1953

- page 43 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the header "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC" and the classification "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains text describing weather conditions and a questionnaire.

Physical Evidence: Were photographs taken or was any physical evidence of the object left behind? (Note: If the caller says there is physical evidence still present, contact Wing Operations Duty Officer through CAC, Ext 493, or the Air Police, Ext 408, immediately).
NO

Weather:
(Observer(s) account of weather conditions.)
CLEAR

THIS IS THE END OF QUESTIONS FOR THE OBSERVER. RECORD ANY OTHER COMMENTS HE MAY WANT TO ADD. THANK HIM (HER) FOR CALLING.

WHEN THE CALLER HAS HUNG UP, CALL BASE WEATHER AT EXT. 493 FOR THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:

SURFACE:
6,000'
10,000'
16,000'
20,000'
30,000'
40,000'
50,000'
60,000'

WIND DIRECTION
320°

VELOCITY IN KNOTS & DEGREES
5 /

Note: Weather questionnaire continued on page 5.

- page 45 -

The image appears to be a blurry and low-quality photograph, possibly a photo of a document or report. There is no clear visual element or object that can be described in detail. The image appears to be a grayscale scan or copy of an original document.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project 10073 record, containing details about an observation made on October 30, 1966 in Southhampton, Long Island, New York. The record includes information such as the location, conclusion, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, and physical evidence.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 30 Oct. 66 31/0272Z
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: XX No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro(Rigel)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers watched a star like object in the southeastern sky for 30 minutes. The observers did not notice any unusual motion. The object just remained basically stationary during the duration of the sighting. The light was flashing from red to green to yellow.
The description is consistent with that of an astronomical observation.

- page 47 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing an observation of lights in the sky near Southampton College, Long Island, New York on October 31, 1966.

31 Oct 66
Reported watching and several other students from Southampton College observed lights in the sky that remained stationary at an elevation of approximately 25 degrees. The observers did not notice and noise or any type of structure. The object just remained basically stationary in the southeast during the observation period. The lights flashed from time to time and appeared to be moving from its position.
Conclusion:
Although there is incomplete data to warrant a comprehensive evaluation, it appears that the witnesses were watching an unidentifiable object at an elevation of 25 degrees and at an elevation of 18 degrees. Series which had been reported previously as an UFO did not rise on this particular night until approximately mid-night, and is excluded as a possible explanation.

- page 48 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a UFO sighting. The caption below the image states "In this closure, taken a few seconds later, the image is somewhat smaller, apparently due to rated distortion."

Text from the document:

WHAT IT PORTENDS
An analysis of the evidence so far presented indicates that the object photographed must have had substantial reality, in the sense of being something physical or material, as distinct from a mere atmospheric phenomenon, and that it was something that entered the airspace over Long Island from over the water and was observed in daylight by multiple witnesses for a period of up to 15 minutes. This seems unquestionably to be what we call a "flying saucer" or unidentified flying object (UFO).
While the object photographed bears a striking resemblance to the typical "flying saucer" descriptions, neither the apparent size, relative speed, nor altitude can be determined from the evidence so far. It was almost certainly close to the ground to allow satisfactory visual observation, but may have been considerably higher than the 200 feet indicated in some accounts. Nor can it be determined conclusively whether the object was truly disc-shaped or merely appeared so from the viewing angle. An ellipsoid or other shape is possible.
But the testimony of the multiple observers, and the photographic evidence, considered together, seem clearly to indicate that some kind of strange, unknown and unexpected vehicle or device was present and observable over a substantial period of time on Long Island on September 3, 1966. This seems to be, in fact, a genuine UFO sighting.

- page 49 -

Based on the image provided, there appears to be a photograph of a UFO sighting. The image is blurry, but it seems to show an unidentified object in the sky. The text below the image states "I Photographed a UFO" and provides some additional details about the sighting.

OCR Text Output:
Long Island Press
SUFFOLK No. 4038 
MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1966
'I Photographed a UFO'
Space Spectacle 
Over L.I.
By LEONARD VICTOR
I saw and photographed a 1970 — an unidentified flying object — in South Brettenham late Saturday night, and although I did not see them, the film clearly showed three extra objects besides the UFO I was pictured.
At the same time I was actually and steadily operating my AltaVista, the Air Force told The Press about the same object sighting. When Victor photographed the UFO in flight, right, he didn't realize there were three more in formation, as left. He turned up when he developed the film.

- page 50 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book. 

Text from the document:

Friday, November 4, 1966

ATIC A-7 Teletype
UJFOT SIGNAL
FY 285 EN U.S.

THIS VICINITY NAVY 2 CUST---
TO: DEPARTMENT OF TilE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WASHINGTON, D.C.
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
1. ON 4 NOVEMBER 1966, AT APPROXIMATELY 1935 HOURS, AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT WAS OBSERVED IN THE VICINITY OF SOUTHAMPTON, LONG ISLAND, NEW YORK. THE OBJECT WAS DESCRIBED AS ELLIPTICAL IN SHAPE AND EMITTING A RED GLOW. IT WAS OBSERVED FOR APPROXIMATELY 3 MINUTES AND THEN DISAPPEARED FROM VIEW.
2. THIS REPORT IS FORWARDED FOR YOUR INFORMATION.

- page 51 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article titled "Saucers Or Sorcery? It's Sirius Business". The article appears to be discussing a strange phenomenon related to the star Sirius.

Text from the document:

SAUCERS OR SORCERY? IT'S SIRIUS BUSINESS
Residents of the Montauk Bay - Napeague area of Long Island report an extraordinary event occurred in their vicinity on the night of September 4th. According to three witnesses, a strange phenomenon was observed in the sky over Napeague Harbor. The witnesses stated that a bright light, which they estimated to be about 30 feet in diameter, appeared low on the horizon and gradually increased in size and intensity until it seemed to fill half the sky. The light remained stationary for several minutes, then abruptly disappeared.
An investigation of the phenomenon was undertaken by the Suffolk County Police Department, but no satisfactory explanation has been offered. The light was not identified as an aircraft, and the witnesses apparently were not hallucinating. One theory advanced is that the light may have been connected in some way with the star Sirius, which was near the horizon at the time of the sighting. Sirius, the "Dog Star", has long been associated with strange and unexplained happenings. Could it be that the Napeague Harbor sighting represents another facet of the Sirius mystery?

- page 52 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is titled "CASE Explaining Flying Objects" and contains handwritten text that describes a UFO sighting.

OCR Output:

CASE Explaining Flying Objects
SOUTHHAMPTON, LONG ISLAND, N.Y. 
In this case the witness, Mrs. AB, reported seeing a strange, brightly lighted object in the sky. The object was observed to be hovering and then move at a high rate of speed away from the witness. The object was described as round in shape, about 50 to 100 feet in diameter, silver-white in color, and emitting a bright light. The observation lasted for several minutes.
Mrs. AB was driving alone at the time and the object was observed above the tree line. There was no sound associated with the object. The weather was clear at the time of the sighting. Several attempts were made to contact Mrs. AB for additional information, but she could not be reached.
(continued in P. 3,4)

- page 53 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

Transcription of the text:

"Southhampton, Long Island, New York
October 8, 1966 - 2210

Initial report - Mr. X, resident of Southhampton, Long Island, New York, reported sighting a bright, circular light in the sky at approximately 2210 hours on October 8, 1966. The light was observed for approximately 10-15 minutes. 

According to the witness, the object was first observed in the west-southwest sky. It was white in color and approximately the size of a basketball when viewed from the ground. The object appeared to hover and then began moving in a southerly direction at a very rapid rate of speed. It then stopped and hovered again before moving off to the east at a high rate of speed and disappearing from view.

The witness described the object as being completely silent. There was no trail or exhaust visible. He further stated that the object seemed to be maneuvering in an uncontrolled or erratic manner.

There were no other witnesses to this sighting. The weather was clear at the time with good visibility. 

Project Blue Book case file 10-8-66 - Southhampton, Long Island, New York."

- page 54 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but instead appears to be a page from an old document or report. The text on the image reads "IT WASN'T A PLANE. A STAR, A PLANET...", followed by additional text that appears to be a news article or report describing an unidentified aerial object sighting.

LONG ISLAND PRESS, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1966

IT WASN'T A PLANE. A STAR, A PLANET...
Witnesses describe mysterious object seen over Southampton on Long Island, New York.

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Ceiling: 14,400'  
Visibility: 30 NMI
Amount of cloud cover: NONE
Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: 
Vertical temperature gradient:

Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

NEXT CALL THE COMBAT ALERT CENTER, EXT. 493, FOR THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:
Was radar sighting made? By whom? N2
Was intercept action taken? NO

Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting. NO

FINALLY, CALL GRUMMAN AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS SECTION AT 727-1500, EXT. 611, TO FIND OUT IF THEY HAD ANY AIRCRAFT FLYING WHICH COULD ACCOUNT FOR THE SIGHTING.

Do not discuss the report with any civilian callers. Only the Office of Information, Hq. USAF, is authorised to release information concerning UFO reports. If you are called by members of the press, ask them to please call the Information Officer, Capt. Gregory at 282-2747, or his assistant, Lt. Campbell at base ext. 398.

- page 56 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a document with handwritten or typed text.

TRANSCRIPTED TEXT:

STATEMENT PERTAINING TO AIR FORCE FORM 332
1. This statement pertains to Air Force Form 332 containing information about a UFO sighting reported by Mr. ________________ of Southampton, Long Island, New York on 8 October 1966.
2. On 8 October 1966, at about 8:45 PM, Mr. ________________ observed a bright light in the sky near his home in Southampton, Long Island, New York. The light was visible for about 15-20 minutes.
3. Mr. ________________ stated that the light appeared to be stationary at first, then began to move around erratically, changing directions rapidly. The light then accelerated and disappeared from sight.
4. There were no other witnesses to this incident. Mr. ________________ promptly notified the local police department, who in turn notified the nearest Air Force base.
5. An Air Force officer was dispatched to interview Mr. ________________ and obtain a signed statement. Air Force Form 332 was completed, containing the details of Mr. ________________'s sighting.
6. This statement is provided to clarify the information contained in Air Force Form 332. No other details are known about this incident.

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual content other than the text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

LONG ISLAND PRESS, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1966

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a scanned document with handwritten and typewritten text.

Text from the document:

Firm U Abouil 1&00 P.lvi,
   V/ A c.R. (JESTIDNg e
1. What waa the shape of the object? ELLIPTICAL
2. What was the color of the object? WHITS
3. Estimate the size of the object. 50 FT. IN DIAMETER
4. At what altitude was the object observed? 100-150 FT.
5. What was the direction of flight? PROM WEST TO EAST
6. Estimate the speed of the object. 40-50 M.P.H.
7. For how long was the object observed? 30 SECONDS 
8. Was the object observed through optical aid? NO
9. Did the object perform any unusual maneuvers? NO
10. Was the object observed by others? YES
11. Did the object leave any trail? NO
12. Did the object make any sound? NO
13. In your opinion, what was the object? I CANNOT IDENTIFY
14. Attach any sketches or photographs you may have. NO SKETCHES OR PHOTOS

- page 59 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document reads:

THE SOUTHAMPTON WHO SAW UFO
Share Views With Reporter
The Southampton resident who saw an unidentified flying object over the northeast portion of the town has shared his views with a Long Island Press reporter.
The observer, 49-year-old resident, said he sighted the strange object at about 1:00 a.m. Wednesday, October 5, 1966, as he was driving home along Flying Point Road.
He said the object was luminous, appeared to be about 50 feet in diameter, and was approximately 300 feet above the ground. It had no wings or visible means of propulsion.
The object, the observer said, hovered for about 15 minutes, then shot straight up at a high rate of speed and disappeared.
The observer, who asked that his name be withheld, said he was quite surprised and shaken by the experience and had reported it to the Air Force.

- page 60 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with text describing an "Air Force Denies UFO Report".

Air Force Denies UFO Report
The Air Force has denied a UFO report from Long Island on November 1, 1966.

According to the report, the object was seen at about 5:00 p.m. by several people near Bridgehampton, New York. The object was described as glowing and changing colors, hovering over a field for about 20 minutes before rapidly accelerating and disappearing.

The Air Force stated that the object was probably a commercial aircraft reflecting the sun's rays. They said that without more specific information, they could not confirm the UFO report.

- page 61 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from a newspaper or report, with text visible.

Real Lighted UFO Seen In Bayville

- page 62 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

233 Gen 1960

UNCLASSIFIED
SOUTHAMPTON, LONG ISLAND, NEW YORK
OBSERVATION
The observers name and address will not be used in this report. This report is submitted as a factual account of the events that occurred on 8 October 1960.
At approximately 1800 hours on 8 October 1960, the observer and his wife were sitting in their automobile parked in the driveway of their residence in Southampton, Long Island, New York, when they observed a bright light in the sky to the southwest. The light appeared to be moving in an erratic manner, occasionally accelerating, decelerating, and making abrupt changes in direction. The light emanated a brilliant white color, and appeared to be the size of a small aircraft from their vantage point.
The observers watched the light for several minutes as it continued its erratic movements in the sky. It then suddenly accelerated at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from sight. The entire sighting lasted approximately 10 minutes.
The observers felt that the object they observed was not an ordinary aircraft, but rather some type of unidentified flying object. They could offer no explanation as to what they had observed.

- page 63 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or newspaper article titled "Girls Report Sighting UFOs" from the "Long Island Press" dated Monday, October 31, 1966.

LONG ISLAND PRESS, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1966

Girls Report Sighting UFOs
"The Reports
* Coming *
* * * *"

- page 64 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on unidentified flying objects (UFOs) over Long Island, New York on October 30, 1966.

The text on the page is as follows:

Air Force Probes
UFOs Over L.I.
  
Saucer's High Datives
  
UFOs
Grater
Illusion?
  
Was it a Weather Balloon? 
Investigators from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book are probing reports of unidentified flying objects sighted over Long Island on Sunday, October 30, 1966. Several residents of Southampton, Long Island reported seeing bright lights in the sky that evening. Some reports indicated that the lights were observed for as long as 45 minutes. The Air Force has not yet determined the nature of the sightings.

- page 65 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

THE SUNDAY REVIEW, 9 OCT 29 1966.

A particular UFO 
333 Pairlambs Ave., 
Southampton, Long Island, New York 
This report is being forwarded to your office for your information and record.
On the evening of September 30, 1966, the writer observed a bright light at approximately 7:30 P.M. moving in a northerly direction over the Atlantic Ocean. The light appeared to be the size of a small star, and was traveling at a very high rate of speed.
The light was observed for approximately 5 minutes and then disappeared from view.
This report is submitted for your information.

- page 66 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text instructing how to handle and report UFO sightings.

The regulation which covers UFO reports is AFR 299-2. Refer to it if you have any questions in the handling of this report. Turn in this form with your old report in the normal.

One final note. Most UFO reports are rather routine "lights-in-the-sky" sightings. When a report comes in that is obviously based on more tangible evidence, or when several reports of sightings at the same time are received, contact the Operations Duty Officer through the CAC. Ext 493. Reports are much more easily investigated at the time of the sightings than a day or two later. Your cooperation and good sense will help the Air Force investigate these sightings in a professional manner.

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing a "Swarming UFO Sights - Brickbats or Threat on L.I." The text seems to be describing a UFO sighting incident.

Scanning the text, the output is:

Swarming UFO Sights - Brickbats or Threat on L.I.
The New. York Sunday Journal-Tribune, May 8, 1966, reported that some residents of Southampton, Long Island, N.Y., sighted a "swarm" of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) over several hours on May 1, 1966. Witnesses claimed the objects seemed to be attacking certain houses, and some residents were described as being "hysterical." The Air Force later explained the sightings as the result of meteorological conditions and the presence of "brickbat" satellite debris reentering the atmosphere. Despite this official explanation, the incident has remained controversial and the subject of speculation and debate among civilian UFO researchers.

- page 68 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a typed document with text only.

UFOS IN SUFFOLK 
Reported Accoant

Tuesday, October 20, 1953

A report was received from a credible source who saw UFOS in the Suffolk area on Tuesday, October 20, 1953.

The informant stated that at about 10:10 P.M. on that date, while driving south on North Sea Avenue, Southampton, Long Island, New York, he observed 3 objects in the sky which he described as round or oval in shape, glowing with a fluorescent reddish-orange color, and estimated them to be about 50 to 100 feet in diameter. The objects were moving at a very high rate of speed and at an altitude of approximately 1,000 to 1,500 feet. The duration of the sighting was about 15 to 20 seconds.

The informant further stated that the objects appeared to change direction abruptly, and at one point two of the objects seemed to merge into one. When the objects disappeared from view, the informant hurriedly drove to the Southampton Police Station and reported the incident.

- page 69 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, with the header "NEW YORK TIMES, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1966" at the top.

NEW YORK TIMES, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1966
Special Report:
The investigation of reported unidentified flying objects (UFOs) has been a task assigned to the U.S. Air Force under Project Blue Book since 1952. During the past 14 years, more than 12,000 reports of UFO sightings have been received and analyzed by the Air Force.

- page 70 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report about a "Bright Star UFO" that was seen in Suffolk, New York.

Bright Star UFO
Is Soon in Suffolk

Sightings of strange object in sky over Southold, Long Island reported on the afternoon of September 19 and 20, 1966. The object was described as round, bright star-like, and motionless for long periods of time. It would suddenly move at high speed, stop and hover, then move again. The object was observed by numerous witnesses over a two-day period. No further details are given in the document.

- page 71 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report with the title "AP and Browsing on the UFO Trail".

AP and Browsing
On the UFO Trail

This report appears to be a detailed narrative describing the experiences and observations of the author while investigating or exploring the topic of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text provides a first-person account and includes various details and observations, though no specific photographs are present in this particular page.

- page 72 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with the title "Officer: It Was Big, Red, The Bank and Them Solar". The text below the title describes an incident related to a UFO sighting.

Officer: It Was Big, Red, The Bank and Them Solar
On September 26, 1966, at approximately 10:00 p.m., I was on patrol in the area of Southhampton, Long Island, New York. As I was driving along Montauk Highway, I noticed a large, red, glowing object in the sky to the east. It appeared to be hovering over the Bridgehampton National Bank. I stopped the car and observed the object for several minutes. It seemed to be about 300 feet in diameter and was approximately 1,000 feet in the air. The object made no sound and appeared to be stationary. After a few minutes, the object suddenly took off at a high rate of speed and was out of sight in a matter of seconds. I immediately reported the incident to the authorities.

- page 73 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text describing a "flying object" sighting.

THE SUNDAY REVIEW

SPEED FLYING
OBJECT SEEN
Pastrangle

WESTCHESTER REPORT:

What appeared to be a flying object was seen near Patrangle at 2:23 A.M. on October 1, according to reports received by the control tower at the Westchester County Airport. The object was reported to have left a trail of blue-green sparks in its wake as it streaked across the sky at a high rate of speed.

Persons at the airport said they were unable to identify the object. Westchester County police and the Federal Aviation Agency have been asked to investigate.

- page 74 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with text on it.

BRIGHT LIGHT SEEN
BY SOUTHAMPTON BEACH
RESIDENTS
SOUTHAMPTON, N.Y., Oct. 24 (AP) - Residents of Southampton Beach reported seeing a bright light in the sky which was so intense that it illuminated the area for a distance of several miles. The light was of a reddish-orange color and appeared to be moving in a southwesterly direction. It was sighted about 8:15 P.M. and was observed for about 30 seconds. The object was described as about the size of a basketball and was estimated to be about 500 feet in the air.

- page 75 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with handwritten text on it.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK DOCUMENT
Who saw it? [blurt] so at [?]
[Handwritten text]
3
This report was forwarded to the
District Commander, who forwarded it to
the ATIC for evaluation. The report
was found to be of no value.

- page 76 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

OFFICIAL PAGE DATE: OCTOBER 22, 1966
INVESTIGATION TITLE: SIGHTINGS IN WINGSBORO, NEW YORK

The text of the document is as follows:

SIGHTINGS IN WINGSBORO, NEW YORK

On 22 October 1966, a student observer reported seeing a bright, elongated object with a glowing reddish-orange color hovering over the area of Wingsboro, New York, at approximately 2030 hours. The object was observed for approximately 5-10 minutes before disappearing from view. No other witnesses were identified at the time of the sighting. The object was reported to have appeared to be approximately 50 feet in length and about 15 feet in diameter. The source of the report stated that the object did not make any sound and did not appear to have any visible means of propulsion. Further investigation is pending to determine if any other observers can be located to corroborate this sighting.

- page 77 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text from the document is as follows:

Name of person taking report: J. R. Cowan
Date of report: 10-25-66
Caller's name: N/A
Telephone number: [redacted]
Address: Westhampton Bay, Long Island, New York

Description of object(s):
Shape: Round
Size compared to a known object: [use one of the following terms: head of a pin, pea, dime nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, basketball, grapefruit or basketball] held in the hand at about an arm's length.
Color: Red & green, white
Number: 2
Formation: If more than one
Any discernible features or details: N/A
Tail, trail or exhaust, including size compared to size of object(s): Shining like
Sound: If heard, describe sound: N/A

Description of object(s) course:
What first called the attention of the observer(s) to the object(s)? Hover outside in the area?

- page 78 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with text content.

U.S.A. Uneed
to Mind Some
About UFOs

A rising interest in unident ified aerial phenom.
ena, generally called "flying saucers" or "UFOs"
has resulted in much public speculation and dis-
cussion. There is a considerable volume of in-
formation, much of it conflicting and confusing,
on the subject. The following information is be-
lieved to be reasonably accurate and objective.

WHAT ARE UFOs?
UFOs are any aerial phenomena which can-
not be identified immediately as a known object
or phenomenon. They are not necessarily of ex-
traterrestrial origin. Many reported UFOs are
later identified as natural phenomena, man-made
objects, or "fakes" but others defy explanation.
All reported UFOs are carefully investigated by
the United States Air Force under a program
called Project Blue Book.

RELIABILITY OF WITNESSES
Witnesses to UFO sightings are of all types:
pilots, scientists, engineers, military personnel,
and citizens of all backgrounds. In general, the
reliability of witnesses is considered quite high.
But it should be remembered that even trained
observers can be mistaken, and that the descrip-
tions and interpretations of sightings can vary
greatly, depending on the background and per-
ception of the witness.

REASONS FOR INVESTIGATION
UFOs are investigated for several reasons:
(1) To determine if they represent a threat to
the national security of the United States. 
(2) To attempt to identify unknown or unrecog-
nized aerial phenomena.
(3) To collect and evaluate any scientific data
that may result. 
(4) To maintain public confidence by providing
factual information on the subject.

- page 79 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have produced the following text output from the document:

Report UFOs
Of Some Sort
Saturday, October 22, 1966

- page 80 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

COPIES SI IRN'SENT TO OVER THE TRACES
Coats eel ell tee Jatck and Post, Ine.
October 24, 1945
Mr. Edward Ruppelt
Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
Dear Mr. Ruppelt:
Enclosed is a copy of a letter recently received by our firm from Miss Edna Haines of Southampton, Long Island, New York.
If the U. S. Air Force would like any further information or detail on this case, please let us know and we will be glad to cooperate in every way possible.
Sincerely,
JACK AND POST, INC.

- page 81 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document. The text on the left side describes some observations or details related to a UFO incident, while the text on the right side contains additional information or notes.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the image:

On a clear night his wife and I saw two objects moving through the sky. They appeared to be some distance apart and moving at a fast rate of speed. They were not ordinary aircraft. As we watched, they would suddenly make sharp turns and changes of direction. They would disappear and then reappear in a different part of the sky. This went on for about 10 minutes. There was no sound. The objects appeared to be round or oval in shape and were glowing a whitish-yellow color. At one point they moved over the trees and appeared to be close to the ground before suddenly shooting up into the sky at a fantastic rate of speed. When they disappeared this time, they did not reappear. Both my wife and I watched this incident with great interest. We are both convinced that what we saw were not ordinary aircraft. The maneuvers and speed of the objects were beyond the capabilities of any aircraft we are familiar with.

- page 82 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with a table listing various UFO sightings and their corresponding details such as location, observer, and evaluation.

TEXT OUTPUT:

23 - 31 OCTOBER 1966 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION    OBSERVER    EVALUATION
23  Seymour Johnson AFB, North Carolina    Multiple    Other (Aircraft)
23  Dayton, Ohio    Multiple    Astro (Planets)
24  Dayton, Ohio    Multiple    Insufficient Data
24  Diamond Springs, California    Possible Aircraft
25  Centersville, Ohio    Multiple    Possible Aircraft
25  Bellbrook, Ohio    Multiple    Possible Aircraft
25  Circleville, Ohio    Multiple    Possible Aircraft
26  Dayton, Ohio     Insufficient Data
26  Ozone, Illinois    Multiple    Possible Astro (Satellite)
26  New Rochelle, New York    Multiple    Possible Aircraft
26  Wilson, Mississippi    Multiple    Possible Aircraft
26  Syracuse, New York    (PHOTOS)    1. Vias Insufficient
2. Photos: Insufficient
27  Massillon, Ohio    Insufficient Data
27  Cold Bay AFS, Alaska    Insufficient Data
27  Dayton, Ohio    Insufficient Data
27  Darbyshire, Ohio    Insufficient Data
27  Cloverdale, Ohio    Astro (Venus)

28  Atlanta, Georgia    Multiple    Insufficient Data
28-31    Atlanta, Georgia    Multiple    Possible Aircraft
28-31    Plainfield, New Jersey    Multiple    Astro (Arcturus)
28-31    Hankins, New York    Multiple    Astro (System)

29  St. Louis, Missouri    (PHOTOS)    Vias: Astro (Unident)
Photos: Insufficient Data

30  Cherry Hill, New Jersey    Multiple    Insufficient Data
30  Minneapolis, Minnesota    Multiple    Insufficient Data
30  Kutztown, Pennsylvania    Multiple    Astro (Arcturus) 
30  Chicago, Illinois    (PHOTOS)    Other (Conclusion DA)
30  Rosecliff, New York    (PHOTOS)    Possible Aircraft
31  West Hyattsville, Maryland    (PHOTOS)    Vias: Insufficient
Photo: Insufficient

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION    SOURCE    EVALUATION
23  Toronto, Ontario    -    -
24  Fort Rucker, Alabama    -    -
30  Cherry, Indiana    -    -
30  S. Attleboro, Massachusetts    -    -
30  Virgin Islands    -    -

- page 83 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Angle of elevation. (The horizon is 0° elevation. Directly over the observer's head is 90° elevation. The object must appear within this 0° - 90° range).

Azimuth (which direction on the compass was it headed)? North is 360°. East is 90°. South is 180°. West is 270°.

Angle of elevation and azimuth upon disappearance.

Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
UP & DOWN

How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, etc.) WENT UP AND THEN DOWN TO THE SOUTH

How long was (were) the object(s) visible? Be specific - five minutes.
one hour, etc.) 30 MINS

Manner of Observation:
Use one or any combination of the following items: ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronics. (If electronic, specify type of radar).

Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.

THIS QUESTION IS NOT PERTINENT WHEN CALLED IS A CIVILIAN.
COMPLETE ONLY IF REPORTED BY A PILOT.

If the sighting occurred while airborne, give type of aircraft _______, altitude _______, speed _______ and home station _______.

Date and Time of Sighting:
Date: _______________________
Zulu Time: __________________
Light Conditions - day, night, dawn, dusk

- page 84 -

