The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, featuring a standardized form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: TIME GROUP: 8 Jan 56  04/23302
2. LOCATION: Cincinnati, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: None
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Satellite (ECHO I) -

The text indicates that the observer sighted a flickering, star-like object moving across the sky near Cincinnati, Ohio on January 8, 1956 at 4:23 AM. The object was in sight for 5 minutes and was concluded to be the satellite ECHO I.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a blank form titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" that is used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. Air Force Technical Information
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 21 Day Month 1966 Year
2. Time of day: 3:30 - 35 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 3431 Marney Dr., Cincinnati, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes 10 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By checking watch repeatedly
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No 
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright b. Overcast c. Hazy d. Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your left e. Behind you 

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: AS BRIGHT AS THE STREET LIGHTS AROUND IT

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes    No    Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes    No    Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?  Yes    No    Don't know
d. Change brightness?  Yes    No    Don't know
e. Change shape?  Yes    No    Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?  Yes    No    Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?  Yes    No    Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire that appears to have been filled out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? "It had bright points or lights, then it disappeared like a straight line, then it reappeared." 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle one): Yes. No. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes. No. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - "no sound, silent"
b. Color - "white with center or core"

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match hand? "The match head might have covered the object."

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the objects such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. "This object looked as if it came in a straight line, there were no exhaust trails or vapor trails."

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes. It did not appear to be moving fast.
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes.
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other It was a pasture

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? mph 
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
It appeared as a round metallic disc-shaped object very high up, reflecting the sun's rays. It appeared to be motionless or nearly motionless and maintained a constant altitude and did not deviate from its course.

- page 5 -

The image contains a compass diagram and a sketch of an object in the sky. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the UFO report document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

The object traveled at a constant flight until it was lost of sight.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
- "No"

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS CINCINNATI 36, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 32 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
During the Korean War, I served in an Anti-Aircraft Unit, stationed in Germany as a squad leader. I stood conditions as a veteran, both in daylight and night.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? To the best of my recollection, I immediately reported what I had seen to my wife.
Day - Month - Year 9 - June - 1966

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text transcribed from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 21 7 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or the directive explanation of your sighting.

As I viewed the object, it seemed to be oscillating from side to side and to rise and descend at irregular intervals. This indicated to me that it was under intelligent control. I noticed that as the object came closer and closer to the horizon, it seemed to gradually diminish in size although I felt that it was in reality increasing in distance from me. I could not hear any sound from the object at any time, nor did it appear to have any visible means of propulsion. Its distinctive feature was the very bright, glowing object appearing to be emitting light rays as opposed to the illumination of reflected light. I would take the time to advise someone immediately in the future should I be so fortunate as to observe such a phenomenon again. Enclosed please find my business card.

- page 8 -

