The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10076 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP: 28 Oct 66 - 13502
2. LOCATION: Jefferson, N.Y.
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. PHOTOS: NP
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NP
9. CONCLUSION: Aircraft(possible)
10. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer watched a bright silver colored object which appeared to be an aircraft and disappear from sight. The object was observed for a short period of time and did not demonstrate any unusual maneuvers. The description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document with text describing the characteristics of a reported UFO object.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Gently sloping on top, curving down and out on side. Flat on bottom, described as resembling a "saucer" or a "bowl".
2. Size or Dimensions: Compared to a known object, viewed at arms length. Estimated to be about 75 feet in diameter.
3. Color or brilliant: Colored, power viewed in conjunction with object.
4. Number: One
5. Formation, if more than one: N/A
6. Any discernible features or details: None
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
8. Sound; if heard, describe sound: No sound heard (except a sound in automobile which engine).
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Brilliant
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: HE 15 degrees above horizon
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: HE 15 degrees above horizon

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document. 

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
No apparent movement until just before disappearance/

5. How did the object(s) disappear:
Appeared to accelerate rapidly (due to diminishing size)

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible:
20 seconds

G. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - Visual
(Through windshield of automobile)
2. Optical Aids:
Sunglasses

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 
1350Z/28 OCT 56
2. Light conditions:
Approximately sunrise - Clear

E. Location of Observer(s):
41 degrees 45' N
74 degrees 51' W

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: [redacted]
3. Age: 17
4. Mailing Address: [redacted] Jefferson, New York
5. Occupation: Asst. dairy sales clerk (Part-time)
6. Estimate of Reliability:
Apparently reliable sighting with some indication of training.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: 
Clear - 30,000 ft.
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
Clear and 20 miles visibility
Wind - 100 degrees/21.
3. Ceiling: 
None
4. Visibility:
20 miles
5. Amount of cloud cover:
None
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:
None
7. Vertical temperature gradient:
No inversion - 3.2 deg/1000 ft.
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition:
None
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken:
None

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR text output:

I. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting: V240-482 runs NE-SW directly over T-2 direction of V54 running NW-SE would have visible traffic.

K. Position, title and comments of the reporting officer: This report is offered very little information upon which to base a theory for the sighting. It is possible that the simple sighting was created a reflection on the windshield of the car; however, the duration of the sighting, the motion, and the color seem to rule out this possibility. It is believed that this sighting would have to be attributed to a reflection on the windshield which could be confirmed. (amount of information available)

HENRY V. TEREGS, Capt., USAF
Investigating Officer

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None

- page 5 -

