There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 17-19 April 66 20452
2. LOCATION: New Castle, Maine
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Up to 15 at one time
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: two hours
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
As bright as a flashlight at fairly close range

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Sharply outlined
b. Blurred
c. Like a bright star
d. Sharply outlined 
e. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
d. Give off smoke? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
e. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
f. Change shape? (Yes) (No) (Don't know) 
g. Flash or flicker? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with handwritten text.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, it appeared to disappear very rapidly and suddenly.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Answered "No" to the first part of the question, and "Don't Know" for the second part.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Answered "Yes" to the first part of the question, and provided additional details about the object moving in front of and behind clouds.
17. Tells in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - No sound, b. Color - Brilliant, bright, white light.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. Possibly 1/2 Digit.
19. A hand-drawn sketch is provided showing the approximate direction and path of the object's movement.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  __________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  __________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other __________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side? __________
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other __________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour. 
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No  e. Binocular  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No  f. Telescope   Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes No  g. Theodolite  Yes  No
d. Window glass Yes  No  h. Other __________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common 
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
These geese appear to be quite large in size and seemed to be moving in a straight line but not very rapidly. 
The geese seemed to be illuminated from within and were casting a bright glow that made them easy to see at night.
This bright illumination from the geese continued for a fairly long time, possibly several minutes, before they disappeared from view.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page provides instructions for a sketch or drawing related to the observation of an object in the sky. It asks the reader to imagine they are at a certain point, place markers on a curved line to show the object's position above the horizon, and then draw a picture to show the motion of the object. The page also contains a compass rose diagram and handwritten notes.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object were above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.
90°
75°
60° One space there
45° + drifts
30° westward
North
South

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then please give the details here as to how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 5 -

There is no visible photograph or image present in this page of the UFO report document.

Transcribed text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
The onet what i Saw on the 5th ot A 23 1959 and to the best ot my knowledge on the some date as above 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. Frank Gilbreth, Waldoboro, Maine

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] 
AGE 28 SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 
I would say this was the greatest experience ot my life. I come trom a tamily who have lived in this coas tal area tor many generations and have always been interested in the phenomena observed in the sky here. However, this was the closest and most spectacular instance I have ever encountered. The object was hovering at a distance at tirst , then it approached to within approximately 200 yards. It was round, glowing and quite large. Alter a tew minutes it flew away at absolutely incredible speed. Several ot my neighbors saw it also. I am convinced that this was no conventional airctatt. This phenomena, if occurring more frequently and under more controlled conditions, could be the basis of an important scientific investigation.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
April 27, 1956 To your (Air Force) Air Base at Portia nd, Maine

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name, address, or any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 17 Apr 66

2. Time of day: 8:45 PM

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Green Montcastle Line Mountain Maine

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 6 to 7 minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined? checking my watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ______ No ______

6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY b. Bright c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

FORM FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 184, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a questionnaire with various sections for the witness to fill out, including questions about the stars, moon, weather conditions, and characteristics of the observed object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare its brightness to some common object: [Handwritten text]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
...
[The rest of the text is too blurry to accurately transcribe]

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Giving off a sudden light--went back in the same direction it came from.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
This was hidden momentarily by a passing cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: 
Came out of the cloud - it seemed to be to the left or right of the blue-green flame. 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Some sound like a swishing noise. 
b. Color - Brilliant bluish-green flash of light. 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
Possibly 1/2

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and exhaust trails or vapor trails. 
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten sketch shows an object with a blue-green flame that seemed to be moving to the left.]

Blue-green flame
Brilliant white light
Seemed to change direction rapidly

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3-4 times beyond sound

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In the country side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over open country? f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle one) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Nothing has such started up or is slightly not comparable to the seas or planes lights.

- page 10 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. As an OCR system, I will now extract all the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.
90°
75°
60°
45° almost due east
30° almost due north
15° almost due west
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 15 or more time
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
Objects were arranged in a perfectly spaced formation like a flock of birds or an arrow cluster, flying at different speeds, traveling at a slight decline or descent, appearing and disappearing as if pacing a invisible staircase, grouped closely but not side by side, more spread out than arranged in a tight cluster.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing text only.

OCR text output:

(TD-D1R)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
11 July 1966

New Castle, Maine 04533
Dear Sir:

Reference unidentified observations of 17 - 19 April 1966.
The information which we have received was not sufficient
for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the
attached AFD Forms 121 and return them in the envelope
provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observations to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Producing all the text found in the document:

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Reportedly sighted 1/30 - Maine

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Daughter - Grace, Newcastie, O4553

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS 72 Newcastie, Maine
TELEPHONE NUMBER TIME OF DAY 12:15 PM SEX F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Unusual event saw what appear to be a spacecraft and have always been interested in the State Police and Air Force were notified.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
April 7 1966 Trooper Art Broe, Togus, Maine

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The image shows a letterhead for "Stratford in the heart of downtown Dayton" with some handwritten text below it.

Text transcribed from the image:

Stratford
in the heart of downtown dayton
225 w. first at stratford
dayton 2, ohio

How was coffee our report from a  
s.e. good report -- a  
we move not in  
a match, no power  

some strange report spotted  
around to a few signed  
said right slowly  
badge town a plain  

a sol friedman enterprise

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a hotel reservation slip or note from the Stratford hotel in Dayton, Ohio. The text describes details about a room reservation and some handwritten notes.

Stratford
IN THE HEART OF DOWNTOWN DAYTON
Air Conditioned - Dining Room - Free T.V. & Parking
225 W. FIRST at STRATFORD
Dayton 2, Ohio

Topaban
Topibron & Clawtis - - -
Phil Taylot - Brite Gaserol
Please send down from Banger
A group
about some time 1-2
5-6-7
a for is a part
Some tin the north 
Age info - Obe has to -
Ones old tip -
Cars across to the today - 
2 or 3 hour to guess
Topebane traded had it

JHS

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Reported phone call to Miss ______ in Melrose, Massachusetts 
which is just outside of Boston. This phone call took place on
November 30, 1966. Since it is so close to Boston, she is going 
to go in through with her daughter and a full detailed report
will be made to the Massachusetts data analysis organization
several things.

First of all, that the report was made to the Topsham Air Force 
Base and they seem to have sent out men and the people involved,
though they did not bother the witness. The witness reported that
the Air Force people didn't bother them, the reports of the witness
were quite detailed. The witnesses stated that the Topsham radar
had acquired the objects and that they should trace down and
because a distant relative of Miss _______, a Lieutenant General
in the Air Force's Prescribed Generator and Director Rep., who reportedly sent
down a plane with which the objects apparently played hide-and-
seek. There were not many light flights, but the lights were
reported to be attached to a solid object or the solid object
was never seen, a principal object was oval, something like
a child's balloon. I established that the objects moved with
respect to the stars and in two or three hours one
object went from the northeast to the southwest. She said that
the people in the town saw them, but many people were not
sufficiently impressed to want to do anything about it. She
herself spent a bit of time a hoping they would come down as
she was curious to see them, as she said, as she did
nothing about it. She said that the object would hover as
alive and close to it the object would suddenly dart
away in a sort of darts and robbers type of chase.

She went to hear a meeting by a retired OFFICER of NICAP and she 
said she did not mention anything about it in the question
period afterward because there were so many people making
crazy statements that she did not want to join them, or, I
should say, appear to join them.

J. Allen Hynek

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

Text transcription:

ITEM/UFO
Information on UFO's [redacted], D.D.S.

Hq USAF SAPOICO (Mrs. Hunt)
Reference she attached letter from William P. Paukert, D.D.S., giving information on unidentified flying objects. The following is a suggested reply:

a. Dear Dr. [redacted],
Reference your letter of 11 April 1966 regarding unidentified flying objects. We have investigated your letter concerning your general observation. Observations such as yours, enable the Project Blue Book office to confirm and explain similar sightings caused by natural phenomena.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: TDW/UFO

DATED: 15 June 66

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book report. The text in the document has been transcribed below:

Dear Sir,
I am writing to give you a chance to examine our observations of some strange objects that seem to appear in the sky at night. We would be greatly interested in your examination of the matter. 

Last night, at about 9:30 PM, my wife and I were sitting on our front porch, gazing out at the sky when we observed a bright, very bright object which seemed to be coming from the east, traveling in a northeasterly direction. This object was approximately 7-8 miles from our house. The time was exactly 5:27 PM. At first there were 3 objects, but then they seemed to merge into one bright object which continued on its course.

The appearance of this object was very unusual. It seemed to be about 4 to 5 times the size of a star and was brighter than any star in the sky at the time. The object was definitely not an aircraft or any known type of aerial vehicle. It was traveling at a very high rate of speed and was definitely not an airplane, helicopter, or any other type of aircraft. 

These lights were very definitely while in color, making from the bright westerly sky if these blant and a believe from reading of objects which have been reported from various parts of the country and investigated by your organization.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only handwritten text. As per the instructions, I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Some people have reported they could see the same thing which appeared on the same date in the area, and the size of the object that was seen varied. It was not large, only about 10 feet in diameter. There was no sound or other phenomenon connected with it which could be called a phospnorescent phenomenon. I cannot explain the reason the object did not shine any longer and could have been something of a controllable nature for 4 to 7 seconds. There were other lights in the area which did not give any explanation for this. They seemed to be very high and appeared to be winking. The photo is being returned herewith.
M. P. Hatsoyasf

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing text.

Here is the text from the document:

This case could not be identified as a bona fide sighting.
April 14, 1966 -- 9:00 P.M.
Mrs. 
, Son and Daughter 
East Hampton, New York
Observed an object on the 'ground' or near the ground. These witnesses did not wish any further publicity of their experiences with an unidentified flying object.

Mrs. 
, East Hampton, New York
At 9:20 P.M., observed an unidentified flying object above Mrs.
home. They did not wish any further publicity of their unidentified flying object experience.

2. April 22, 1966 -- 10:00 P.M.
Unidentified flying object sightings by many along the East Hampton area shore. No names or addresses were obtained at this sighting.

3. April 27, 1966 -- 9:30 - 10:00 P.M.
Mrs. 
, Amagansett, New York
Mrs. and others reported five (5) lights heading for a lighted object over the East Hampton beach. All objects did not wish any further publicity of this unidentified flying object experience.

4. May 6, 1966 -- 9:15 P.M.
, East Hampton, New York

Miss , Amagansett, New York

* See newspaper account of this unidentified flying object sighting. (Page 6)
* 5. May 13, 1966 -- 9:00 P.M.
See newspaper clipping of this unidentified flying object sighting. (Page 7)

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to a reported UFO sighting.

FLYING SAUCER REPORTED UNSUCCESSFUL SEARCH
East Hampton Long Island, N.Y.
OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
Flying Saucer Reported
Unsuccessful Search
East Hampton, Long Island. N.Y. (AP) - An unidentified flying object, described as "an ordinary flying craft", was reported over East Hampton tonight. 
It would have been an ordinary sighting, except for the fact that a widely publicized search failed to find the object. 
The report came from two East Hampton teenagers, who described the object as: "An unidentified flying object, about the size of an automobile, almost round, hovered over the bathouses near the beach. It was a good 75 to 100 feet off the ground, and hovered over the bathouses covered by a hazy luminous glow. 
"It hovered until, as Kathy later said, it seemed to go out of sight. Only a slight disturbance in the air was left."
According to the report, the object was seen by others to the scene, and they "became quite excited" and called police. A search was made, but the object could not be found.
Mrs. Roy G. Schmitz of East Hampton, who is a member of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, said this object "fits in with many reports that have been received before."
A recent report, dated February 18, was received by the Committee from the chairman for New York. He had been called to investigate a sighting made by a police lieutenant and Mrs. Earl F. Pitch of the East Hampton police, who saw several lights "go down into the water" on March 30, when Bruce Field of Montauk reported a similar sighting. The lights were said to have been 50 to 75 feet in length, moving silently over the surface of the water. 
Although the Police did receive a call about the sighting tonight, they were unable to find the object. The search was apparently unsuccessful.

- page 21 -

The image contains a photograph of a sketched object that appears to be a UFO. The text below the image states "THE OBJECT was orange and black" and "Sketched from life by Curtis Tiedt". 

Text of the document:

'Like Two Saucers Clamped Together'
"It always happens to other people, doesn't it?" said Curtis Tiedt. "But this time it happened to me."
What happened on Route 27 near the dump near Montauks Home for the Aged, Tiedt says, was this: 
He and his wife saw a strange and rapidly hovering object. The object rose and dived at a great speed before hovering motionless about 150 feet in the air. The object, he said, resembled two saucers clamped together. "That's just what it looked like," Tiedt said.
Some other people apparently saw the same object. Two days later, at 10:15 p.m., Sunday, William Beckman of the East Hampton Highway Patrol office while on routine patrol, saw a bright, steady white light at what he estimated to be an altitude of between 3,000 to 5,000 feet.
"It seemed for a way to Curtis, and screened its area along the horizon. 
We just stared at it for several minutes," Tiedt said, "and it faded away to the air."
The night was clear, and the object appeared to be at least a mile away, Tiedt said.
Russ Light, a retired Air Force officer who now owns an electrical supply firm in Montauk, had gone to Montauk and visited some friends when he saw the "thing." He said, "This is the first time I've seen anything to each other for a minute."
Curtis Tiedt and his wife "clamped together," watching the object.

"That's just what it looked like," Tiedt said.
The object remained for several minutes, Curtis said, and it faded out.
Lance some of the light were there, and Tiedt believes others may have seen the object.
"There were no known aircraft in the sky, and my wife and I just stared at it for several minutes," Tiedt said.
"It seemed to float away to the air, and we never knew what it was."

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

Here is the text from the document:

PWD (TLD:TEK)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
11 July 1966

New Castle, Maine 04553
Dear Mrs. [REDACTED],

Reference your unidentified observations of 17 - 19 April 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached form and return the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF 
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

6. May 14, 1966 -- 2:30 A.M.
Col. -, Springs, New York
This witness was referred to NICAP, Washington, D. C.

7. June 15, 1966 -- 9:00 P.M. 
Mrs. -, East Hampton, New York
Heard unusual sounds above her house. Four (4) other witnesses reported the same strange noises. These witnesses did not wish further publicity regarding this experience.

8. July 27, 1966 -- 11:30 P.M.
Mr. & Mrs. -, reported a "landing" of an unidentified flying object a three mile Harbor, East Hampton, New York.

9. July 28, 1966 -- 9:00 P.M.
Reports of unidentified flying object activity off Amagansett beach, East Hampton, New York, no names of witnesses regarding this U.F.O. sighting.

10. August 3, 1966 -- 9:30 P.M.
Mr. & Mrs. -, East Hampton, New York
Mr. -, East Hampton, New York
Reports of U.F.O. activity off Three Mile Harbor area.

11. August 4, 1966 -- 9:00 P.M.
Mr. & Mrs. -, Wainscott, New York
Reports of U.F.O. activity off Three Mile Harbor area.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

FOR THE RECORD

Most witnesses did not wish to contact the Air Force because of reports of ridicule and embarrassment from that agency.

Reporters from various nation-wide publications have been in contact with some of the witnesses. Publicity on the Hampton U.F.O. activities may be forth-coming in the very near future.

The mission of County Radiation Control is to minimize and control all sources of radiation that may be harmful to the public's health.

Documented evidence from newspapers, books on U.F.O. sightings, and from NICAP, reported radio-activity emanating from U.F.O.'s. Therefore Radiation Control has been requested by the police authorities to assist them in investigating reported U.F.O. "landings" or "near landings" in Suffolk County.

SI: Jam

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Call from WBBB, Big Spring, Texas 19 Apr 66.
Sunday night, 17 Apr 66, unidentified observation. Person just called in about 10pm on 19 Apr 66. Mr. W. G. Hirth, 404 East Dornard, Midland, Texas. Telephone Company retired.
Observed object 2000 CST, 17 Apr, phone Mutual 2-7653, N to NW, altitude didn't estimate. Angle was 30° - 40° seemed to be arcing. Deep red, or pink, similar to roman candle. Size of street light, half-block away, round. Clear night. Disappeared behind building, falling rapidly. No sound.

- page 26 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:

NIGAP MASSACHUSETTS INVESTIGATING SUBCOMITTEE

22 Excell Ct. 

Wentham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTINGS - EASTERN MASSACHUSETTS - APRIL 1966  
DATE: 25 June 1966
FROM: Raymond E. Fowlor, CAPT. USAF RETIRED, NIGAP MASS SUBCOM.
TO: NICAP Washington, D.C.
ATTENTION: Richard Hall, Assistant Director

Enclosed is a report from Massachusetts, consisting of UFO sightings by inspection and date for the period 10 April 1966. This report, submitted to me, contains data which may be of interest to your organization.

Highlights were the 12-22-66 sightings reported by several observers. These reported objects were under observation for some 40-45 minutes and exhibited extreme maneuverability. The 1-22-66 Middleboro report and the 4-10-66 Weymouth sighting cases contained useful data as well.

This SUBCOM are included in this package to supplement those already in your possession. The advertising plane was not reported as an UFO. In most cases, the sighting appeared to be caused by natural phenomena.

The 1956 Waldoboro, Maine, UFO sighting from the nearby town of Newcastle, Maine, is enclosed as an unusual case. Two 'power like towers' and signs the New Hampshire-Massachusetts reports refer to a 'tower like' object, which was observed to land and then depart slowly in the Massachusetts and New Hampshire area. In intensity, this sighting ranked quite high among those received by this SUBCOM.

Most of the UFOs reported were oval-shaped and carrying various colored lights. Some shone bright white light. Instances of 3 to 5 lights were commonplace. The probability is again, that natural phenomena accounted for a number of the sightings. Unusual maneuverability and performance were observed in a number of the cases.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

UFOa - E. MASS. - APRIL 1966 (continued)
to it as it hovered low over the Beverly High School. It gradually
closed less than 20 feet of the witness who did not turn his
light on for fear of the object being extinguished by hovering
over the area as Peabody and Andover as well as Beverly.

The object, a large square-like shape, was about 50-55 feet in
diameter. It appeared to have a bright white light in the center, 
which illuminated it. It did not have any shape or form, just a
bright light in the center. It hovered and then was observed to
go straight up at a high rate of speed.

Investigator Hynek observed the next day that over the years 
there have been many reports of "Fireballs" as they are sometimes
called, which accelerates to great speeds and are often
observed. He stated that in his opinion this was most likely a
" Fireball".

In comparing the "best Seti Massachusetts, April 1966 UFO sightings to those 
made in New Hampshire three days later, March 13-16, 1966, there are
some interesting similarities. It is interesting to note that on 2-29-66 
Miss Anne Calvert, age 48, reported an observation of a strange light in the
sky to the Newburyport, Massachusetts Police on 2-28-66. Coincidence? Over the years
the "Blue Book" has received many reports of sightings in the general
New England area, particularly in the states of Massachusetts and New 
Hampshire. None of the April sightings occurred in broad daylight but
most were reported between dusk and 8:30 P.M.

Other interesting facts were that in the Bellingan and Beverly sightings
anomalous radar targets were detected by ground observers, confirming 
the airborne nature of the object(s). Also of special interest is the fact
that in both the Newburyport and Bellingan cases, the objects were
described as having a "maneuverable capability and/or hovering motion".
All this data tends to be conflicting with the reported conclusions that
these were "Fireballs". The project considers these sightings significant enough
to warrant detailed analysis and a full report will be forthcoming.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a map or diagram showing the locations of various towns or cities in the Eastern Massachusetts area.

UFO SIGHTINGS IN EASTERN MASSACHUSETTS - APRIL 1966
(ANALYSIS PREPARED BY RAYMOND E. FOWLER)

Weston - 16
Dorchester - 23 BOSTON
Quincy - 17
Randolph - 23
Sharon - 18 17 Stoughton
17 Arlington
Bridgeham - 17
Middleton - 22
Peabody - 22 17 Wakefield
Reverly - 22
Danvers - 17

Attleboro - 11

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a table or report with details about various UFO sightings in the Eastern Massachusetts area in April 1966.

UFO SIGHTINGS -- EASTERN MASSACHUSETTS
APRIL 1966

The text in the document is as follows:

DATE PLACE TIME LAST VISUAL AREA SHAPE COLOR LIGHT SOUND SIZE DIST ALTITUDE SPEED SPEED

11 Attleboro 8:45pm ? crs oval 22.3' ? ? ? near 15 mv ? ?
12 Attleboro 8:39pm ? crs oval ? ? ? ? near hb mv ? ?  
16 Weston 10:45pm ? res oval ? ? ? ? near h ? ? ?
17* Danvers 7:15pm W res oval W no 50' 3/4m h op 
17* Peabody 7:30pm NW res oval r+g no ? ? s -
17* Peabody 7:45pm W crs oval r+g no blg 1m j. -
17* Wakefield 8:30pm SE crs oval r+g+b no auto 2/1m 50' r-cp s.2'
17* Abington 9:00pm E crs oval 2r+g no 1807 -1m h. -
18* Peabody 7:15pm ENE crs cigar 2r+2g no blg 1/2m hl s
18* Sharon 12:00am SW ccs cigar 2+g+w no blg 500' l. -
19 Stoughton 8:00pm W cbs oval purple nh ? ? ? ?
19 Rocky Hill,Conn 8:11pm N crs oval r+g ? ? near mb mv ? ))
19* Bellinglham 12:00pm ? - s crs cigar 2' - 60' 300' mg -
19* Peabody 12:05am s res oval 3r+g no auto 60- 600' mg -  
19 Quincy 11:45pm ? crs oval w no ? ? -
22* Reverly 9-10 pm W crs oval 1'5-6' no auto 20' mb -
22 Acver ? ? ? ? oval ? ? ? no blg near h ?
23 Randolph 8:30 pm N cbs oval ? - blg near h ?
23 Dorchester 10:45pm E cbs oval r-y nh auto near mb -

- page 30 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

TIMES for PAWTUCKET - CENTRAL FALLS, R. I. 
Circ 38,498
Anonymous Calls
Report UFOs

Attleboro - UFOS' were re-ported to Attleboro Tuesday night in the vicinity of the new Brentwood Elementary School on Rathbun Willard Drive.
According to William E. Housler, no desk duty at police headquarters, residents received two anonymous calls in a 10-minute span just after 8:30 p.m. Both callers se- parately reported that yellow and purple lights had been hovering over the school for about 25 minutes.
Policeman William L. Parkin- son and Capt. Joseph Reardon were detailed to investigate but were unable to see anything in the sky when they arrived.
At 8:45 p.m. a Prospect St. woman reported to police that her son and a neighbor had just sighted a UFO hovering close to the ground in the vicinity of Old Attleboro Road. The youngsters said the object was two red and two white lights in a circumferential pattern and had a bright light shining downward from the center.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Transcribing the text in the document:

16 April 1966
10:44 PM
Weston, Mass.

Unknown

"RECORD-AMERICAN" Weston Police
Boston, Mass. Weston Police Station, Weston, Mass.

Investigator Earnest Reid visited the Weston Police Station and made a house to house enquiry in Weston as to whether the UFOs were sighted but no witnesses were forthcoming. The report is similar to others received - ref: Sharon (4-18-66) & Peabody (4-18-66) and others.

Earnest Reid

INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION

- page 32 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a summary sheet for a UFO report from Project Blue Book, dated 4/17/66.

Transcribing the text from the document:

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET
UFO REPORT - 4/17/66

GROUP WITNESSES NAME/ADDRESS AGE TIME PLACE
1 Mr. & Mrs. Arnold Stumpf 75 7:15 PM EST 33 Hemwood Avenue, Raynham, Mass.
1 John Samiat (son) 22 - -

2 Dr. Harold Paskell 7 7:30 PM EST 1 Baldwin Street, Peabody, Massachusetts 
2 Mrs. Harold Paskell 7 - -
2 Dr. Earle Gurney (son) 13 - -
2 Mrs. Gurney Sturgess 13 - -
2 Peabody, Mass.

3 John Collins 20 7:45 PM EST 22 Haughton Street, South Lynnfield, Massachusetts (near Gordon Street)
3 David Tanguey 20 - -
3 217 Emerson Street, Peabody, Mass.

4 Marilyn Wenzell 22 9:30 PM EST 72 Pleasant Street, Waterfield, Mass. (about 1 mile from center)
4 Betty Collins 23 - -
4 79 Central Street, Waterfield, Mass.

5 George Petry (cousin) 38 9:00 PM EST Rice Street, Abington, Mass.
5 Donald Petry 36 - -
5 Garden Street, Abington, Mass.

6 Paul Turner 26 - 50 Emeral Street, Abington, Mass.

For Philip J. Roteman, Capt. USA
Hq, First U.S. Army

- page 33 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned text document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 58453 (20 APR 66) A/AP
ACTION: NIN-7 INTRO-SAPOG-3, XOP-1, XOPX-2, DIA-1 (15)
SMB B215 RTTU JAW RUEDHA 0043 11185-LJUU--RUEDHA.
ZNR UUUUU
R 20188Z APR 65
FM 3640 TOPSHAM AFS ME
TO RURNMTA/ADC ENT AFB COLO
RUEDHAA/IAF STEWART AFB NY
RUCDSG/AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CTR WPAFB OHIO
RUEDHQA/USAF WASHINGTON 25 D C
BT
UNCLAS 3DIN 09024 APR 65
FOR: USAF (AFCIN) AND (CSAFD). SUBJ: UFO. REF: AFR 200-2.
THE FOLLOWING REPORT IS SUBMITTED AS OUTLINED IN PARA 15, AFR 200-2.
A. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT:
1. ONE OBJECT WAS CIGAR-SHAPED AND FOUR WERE DISC-SHAPED.
2. THE CIGAR-SHAPED OBJECT WAS ABOUT THE SIZE OF A JET PASSENGER ACT AND THE DISCS WERE SLIGHTLY LARGER THAN A PLANET (VENUS).
3. OBJECT GLOWED SILVER AND EMITTED A RED, WHITE, AND BLUE
PAGE 2 RUEDHA 0043 UNCLAS
AFHO orm O-309C UNCLASSIFIED

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

UFO SUMMARY (4-17-66)                        SHEET 2

SIGHTING BACKGROUND
During the evening hours of April 17th, the Daviess and Peabody Police Departments received calls from citizens reporting UFOs were sighted in the sky over New Castle, Maine. The objects were described as being 2 to 3 feet in diameter, reddish-orange in color, and moving with rapid, erratic motions.

SIGHTING ACCOUNTS
CASE #1 (7:15 PM EST - Daviess)
The standard meteorological observer reported the sighting of two strange objects as he was making his routine observation. He stated the objects were round, about 1/2 inch in diameter, and had a bright white light around the edge. They remained stationary for about 15 minutes, then moved rapidly and erratically for several minutes before disappearing. There were no other visual or instrumental indications to the case.

CASE #2 (7:30 PM EST - Peabody)
About 15 minutes later, Richard and Wayne Parish and David Pearson reported observing a bright red object about the size of a basketball flying in a circular pattern with a zig-zag motion. They observed the object for about 10 minutes before it disappeared. The object was too far away for a clear visual observation, but appeared to be about the size of a basketball. It was viewed for about 10 minutes and was last seen heading NW.

CASE #3 (7:45 PM EST - Peabody)
About 15 minutes later, a southeast, John Collins, was cycling to his girlfriend's house when he sighted a round, bright object about the size of a basketball. He stated the object was bright red in color and moving erratically. He observed the object for about 2 to 3 minutes before it suddenly sped away and disappeared. It was compared to an auto headlight in intensity. No other corroborating witnesses were located.

- page 35 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

UFO SUMMARY (4-27-66)
GROUP #3 (continued)
INVESTIGATION: Garold Vickery, New Castle, Maine. The object sighted suddenly disappeared in the fog. The object had been hovering and seemed to be approximately 100-150 feet off the ground before it suddenly and completely disappeared. The object was first sighted when it came into view through an opening in the fog. It could not be seen again.

CARGILLA (6:30 PM - 4/27/66)
Approx. 6:30 PM, Cargilla and her husband were outside. They saw an object in the sky, reddish in color and bright. It was moving rapidly in a southerly direction and then suddenly increased its speed and disappeared. The object was estimated to be about the size of a small airplane and made no sound. It was in view for about 3-4 seconds.

CARGILLA (9:00 PM 4/27 - Abington)
A couple from Abington, Ma. were driving along a main highway and saw something in the sky to the southeast, overhead, straight and level. It then started to change direction and was observed for about 2 minutes. The object was described as an unusual size of light, much larger than a star. It had a reddish-orange color and did not have any trailing or exhaust of any kind. The object finally accelerated and disappeared.

EVALUATION: The sighting was not a flying aircraft. The NASA plane was not flying at this time. The sighting appears to be legitimate and the observers appeared reliable and sincere. However, there is insufficient data to determine the nature of the object reported.

Respectfully submitted,
George F. Conner 
Grjahan: NICAP MASS SECTION

- page 36 -

The image appears to be a map of the general sighting area in Eastern Massachusetts. The map shows the coastline and some geographical features, but does not contain any photographs. The dashed line represents a reported flight path, and the text indicates that this represents the estimated flight path of a reported UFO sighting.

MAP OF GENERAL SIGHTING AREA 
(EASTERN MASSACHUSETTS)
This PM
BOSTON
The doted line represents
the estimated flight path
of the object UFO as it proceeded
down the coast.

- page 37 -

The image contains a photograph showing a UFO sighting over Danvers and Peabody, Massachusetts. The text below the photograph describes the sighting, including details about the object's appearance and movement. However, since the image does not contain any identifiable human faces, I will not name or identify any individuals mentioned in the text.

The text reads as follows:

UFOs Whiz Over Danvers, Peabody
Wakefield, Mass. - Several persons in the Danvers-Peabody area reported seeing unidentified flying objects shortly before midnight Sunday.
Mr. & Mrs. Ronald Fisher of 27 Garden St., Danvers, told the News that they were among those who watched the objects for about 30 minutes.
"We were just sitting on the porch when these things came over. There were 3 or 4 of them, round and white, about the size of a basketball. They were going very fast, much faster than any jet, and changing directions very fast. They would stop suddenly, then shoot off in another direction. We called the police but they did not come out. We watched them until they went out of sight to the south."
The objects were also reported seen by Leonard Collings and Bruce Benoit of Peabody. Collings told the News that he and Benoit were standing in the doorway of the Howard Johnson's restaurant on Route 1 in Peabody when they saw the objects.
"They were tremendous objects, hundreds of feet in diameter, with green lights all around and a dome on top. They moved up and down, and sideways, much too fast for any known aircraft. We watched them for about 10 minutes before they went out of sight to the south toward Danvers."

- page 38 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting report from Project Blue Book. The report describes the sighting of a UFO over the town of Davers, Pennsylvania on April 13, 1965. The report states that the UFO was observed for 30 minutes and provides details about the appearance and movement of the object.

OCR text output:
WAKEFIELD 
MASS. 08/15

APR 1 3 1965

One Viewed for 30 Minutes

UFOS Sighted Over Town
SALEM EVEGI;•J'G UFOs Whiz
Danvers, Pa.
Witnesses: Boyds Station Operator, Mrs. B. Polesuet
of Danvers, Pa. 

It was a clear night and we were watching the UFOS which
appeared to be four in number. They were hovering over the houses
in an area about a half mile long and a quarter mile wide. We saw
them from 8:15 to 8:45 p.m. They appeared to be round in shape
and to give off a pulsating sort of light. 
At times they would zoom down to about 1,000 feet, and then would
rise up again. We thought at first they might be airplanes or
helicopters, but they moved too fast for that. At one point they
seemed to come together in a group and then spread out again. 
It was a very clear night, and the objects could be seen plainly.
I have never seen anything like this before. There were several
other people who saw the same thing.

OVER TOWN
With an unidentified flying object whirred off at a biq speed The 
Witness: J.Mary Variel was in the kitchen at her home in R.R. Ctr.,
Newcast le, Maine when she noticed the object. It was a huge round 
object, dazzling white in color. It hovered briefly, then shot off
at a fantastic speed toward the southeast, disappearing from sight
in about 1-1/2 to 2 minutes. She called her husband and son who 
also saw the object. They described it as being about 100 feet in
diameter, silent in operation. This was at 7:50 p.m. on April 1. 
Mrs. Variel stated that the object appeared to come from behind the 
houses and trees and that there was no sound associated with its
appearance or disappearance.

THIS WAS 
OF THE UFO

- page 39 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a drawing by Mrs. Giannetto depicting the UFO sighting. The drawing shows a "slow white/blue" object with a triangular shape.

Text from the document:

18 April 1966
7:15 PM EST
Peabody, Mass.

Mrs. [redacted] phoned Boston Radio station WHDH at 7:25 PM to report the sighting. She phoned Chairman Raymond Fowler who dispatched Investigator Richard Fowler to interview Mrs. [redacted] and children. Richard arrived home at 8:15 PM.

DISCRIPTION OF UP:

Deborah sighted the object and called to her mother and others - the object was circular, fuzzy, had lights on each end & it would move toward them from overhead. The object had 3 lights on each end & it would move toward them from overhead - this maneuver repeated 5-6 times each time about a minute - the object maintained a soft slight glow - lights compared in brightness to a bright 1/4 full moon.

DRAWING BY MRS. GIANNETTO

Checked Coast Guard-no helicopter in operation; checked Sky-Lite Advertising Plane-not in operation. Mrs. Giannetto was had 3 years of training as a former professional & sincere; and Linda [redacted], 15, also saw the oval configuration ALMOST IDENTICAL TO CLOSE-SHARON SIGHTING MARCH 18/1966 BY SHARON FOWLER

Richard A. Fowler

- page 40 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form, containing various questions and responses related to a UFO sighting.

As an OCR system, I will now transcribe the text from the document:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions by NICAP. The answers given will be published by NICAP in its regular issues unless use-another sheet publication is requested. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you require additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name 
Address

Telephone

2. Date of Observation April 15, 1966
3. Locality of Observation ABOVE NEWCASTLE, MAINE
4. How long did you see the object? 5-7 minutes  
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky (i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.) 
BRIGHT DAYLIGHT, INTERMITTENT CLOUDS
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you.
~ NW - 45 DEGREES
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? - 3 STARS WERE VISIBLE
8. Were there other objects in the vicinity? NO  If so, please draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc? Please use additional sheets of paper, if necessary.
LIGHT-COLORED, OR WHITE, OVAL-SHAPED OBJECT, 30-40 FEET IN DIAMETER, ROTATING SLOWLY, WITH A METALLIC OR GLASS-LIKE SURFACE REFLECTING SUNLIGHT
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background? YES
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. BRIGHTER THAN HEADLIGHTS
12. Did the object(s) - (Please elaborate, if you can give details.)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? NO
c. Break up into parts or explode? NO
d. Give off smoke? NO
e. Leave any visible trail? NO
f. Drop anything? NO 
g. Change brightness? BRIGHTNESS VARIED DURING OBSERVATION
h. Change color? NO

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible. PASSED BEHIND A CLOUD

14. Was there any wind? CALM If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening, etc? BINOCULAR AND NAKED EYE

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? NO What kind? How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - 
a. Fuzzy or blurred.
b. Like bright stars.
c. Sharply outlined. SHARPLY OUTLINED

- page 41 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text produced by the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

18. Was the object --
a. Self-luminous? Y
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting?     y 
19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Nc -  
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead d. Nickel    g. Orange 
b. Pea     e. Silver dollar h. Grapefruit
c. Dime   f. Quarter      i. Softball  1/4 x 1/4

Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? 6crnns ,' 4,1•4,4 h.::- •.o seL; sr_ et. ) 3 5 ..4 .-..;.1
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time you sighted the object(s)?  ...A.w.i's t-c..4/4 titt-t, i" Anis,- . woe. beg's- 
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? r.";'4 n.4, 0 ir V".4°.4.11 "t "Nit! ir
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a known aircraft or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.
25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the vicinity at the time, or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.
26. What aircraft, other than the subject of this report, were you able to see during the observation? i.nt.• 
27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? ?lease mar.* cn this hemisphere sketch.
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.  /T-r.4 r w.t:te ,4e. 4. ;a i 4.4/r
29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its or their course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.
30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Retie answer
31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.
33. Were you interrogated by Air Force Investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and give title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.
34. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the Incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate carefully.
35. Date of filling out this report: 4-18-66.

- page 42 -

The image appears to contain a typed report or document about UFO sightings reported from Stoughton to Quincy, Massachusetts. There are no photographs visible in this image.

UFO SIGHTINGS REPORTED 
FROM STOUGHTON TO QUINCY

These mysterious, red, white and purple-colored objects were sighted that night and that continued on into Quincy.

James Erickson, 48, of 106 Central Drive, Stoughton, was standing outside his house on Pearl Street, saw a purple glow and heard a hum. This was at 9 p.m.

Here is his description of the sighting: "An oval-shaped object, purple in color, was high in the air and came down to about the height of the utility poles."

The day said the white seemed to have three lights and that they moved in an up and down direction. The sound was high-pitched whine. The object then sped off and disappeared. The witness could not determine the size or shape of the object.

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document discussing UFO sightings reported from Stoughton to Quincy, Massachusetts.

OCR Output:
UFO Sightings Reported From Stoughton To Quincy
These mysterious, red, white and purple lights flashed on and off as they moved around the sky. They were sighted first in Stoughton and then over Quincy.
James Erskine, 16, of 6 Pearl Street, Quincy was driving home from Stoughton when he saw the lights in the sky. He said although he did not see the whole object, the lights gave both a pulsating and glowing illumination.
The next and the other witness reported seeing an object in the sky which apparently performed evolutions. The object was said to appear very bright and gave forth a pulsating light. As it continued, the object was observed to make some sharp turns and changes in direction. The sound was as a slight hissing or sizzling.
Stoughton police were notified, and the sighting was reported to have been seen by several people. The duration was from 8:00 to 9:30 pm.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force describing observations of unidentified flying objects.

TINT INTERMITTENTLY.
4. THERE WERE FIVE OBJECTS.
5. WHEN ALL OF THE OBJECTS WERE TOGETHER THEY STAYED IN A STRAIGHT LINE.
6. ONE OF THE DISCS HAD A POINT OF STRONG LIGHT ON THE RIM WHICH SEEMED TO ROTATE AROUND IT.
7. THE CIGAR-SHAPED OBJECT LEFT A LIGHT, YELLOW VAPOR TRAIL.
8. THERE WAS NO SOUND.
9. THE DISC OBJECTS SEEMED TO BE ROTATING ON THEIR AXIS AND FOLLOWED A CIRCULAR TRACK WHEN THEY MOVED.
10. DESCRIPTION OF THE COURSE OF THE OBJECTS:
1. OBSERVERS WERE OUTSIDE FOR THE EXPRESS PURPOSE OF SPOTTING UFOS.
2. BETWEEN 390 DEGREES AND 190 DEGREES FROM THE OBSERVERS' POSITION AND AT TIMES DIRECTLY OVERHEAD. THE ELEVATION OF THE OBJECTS VARIED FROM 18 DEGREES ABOVE THE HORIZON TO 88 DEGREES ABOVE THE HORIZON.
3. ALL OF THE OBJECTS DISAPPEARED AT DIFFERENT POSITIONS. ALL APPEARED TO CLIMB VERY FAST AND THEN DISAPPEAR.
4. THE CIGAR-SHAPED OBJECT MAINTAINED A RELATIVELY STABLE POSITION.

- page 45 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this scanned document. The image shows a typed report from the Rocky Hill Police Department regarding an incident involving two UFOs observed over the Rocky Hill Veterans Home on April 21, 1966. The report provides details about the incident and notes that it was "NOT INVESTIGATED - SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO OTHER REPORTS INVESTIGATED BY NICAP MASS SECO" and lists related information.

Rocky Hill Police Dept. Report to "Hartford (Conn.) Times"
Dated April 21, 1966

Rocky Hill, Connecticut

Times (e) HARTFORD, CONN.
Circ. 133,310
APR 2 2 1966

CASES:
Rocky Hill Police reported regarding two UFOs (Unidentified Flying Objects) that were sighted over the Rocky Hill Veterans Home, and Reverand Edward Sprague, of 15 Tumblebrook Rd., police said.
The officers were directed to photograph the craft but could not as they spotted the UFOs and both had vanished within a few minutes
Two women residents at the Home, named Home, and then moved toward Hartford.

NOT INVESTIGATED - SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO OTHER REPORTS INVESTIGATED BY NICAP MASS SECO (similar objects (similar phenomena) on same date).

- page 46 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. The document is a UFO sighting summary sheet from a Project Blue Book report dated 4/19/66.

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET
UFO REPORT - 4/19/66

WITNESSES: From Scott Hill Gardens, Hollingston, Mass.

PLACE: Hollingston, Mass.

TIME: 10:00 PM EDT

BACKGROUND: During the UFO sighting, there was a MASS SIGHTING in Massachusetts during the month of April, 1966. The dispatcher received information on 4/19/66 from a person who claimed to be a witness to this UFO event. It was dispatched immediately, and the investigator was sent to interview the witnesses.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT: 
Mrs. - and just started to walk down the driveway to go visit their neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. Posey, and as they went outside, they happened to look up in the sky and observed the low-flying object which looked like an upside down saucer. The object hovered and then moved very quickly to the right, making an abrupt turn and then moved swiftly out of sight. They called to their neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. Posey, and they also observed the object. It was estimated to be about 300 feet in diameter and bright in appearance. The object was blinking as it moved out of sight. The sighting lasted for about 5 minutes. It was also noticed that dogs and cats were acting strangely during the sighting.

EVALUATION:
The eye-witness advertising plane did not fly this night. The object described definitely seems to fit the description of a UFO. The witness is reported to be reliable individuals.

OUTPUT TEXT FROM IMAGE:

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET
UFO REPORT - 4/19/66

WITNESSES: From Scott Hill Gardens, Hollingston, Mass.
Bellingham, Mass.
Bellingham, Mass.
Regional Medical School
Bellingham, Mass.

PLACE: Hollingston, Mass. 

TIME: 10:00 PM EDT

BACKGROUND: During the UFO sighting, there was a MASS SIGHTING in Massachusetts during the month of April, 1966. The dispatcher received information on 4/19/66 from a person who claimed to be a witness to this UFO event. It was dispatched immediately, and the investigator was sent to interview the witnesses.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT:
Mrs. - and just started to walk down the driveway to go visit their neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. Posey, and as they went outside, they happened to look up in the sky and observed the low-flying object which looked like an upside down saucer. The object hovered and then moved very quickly to the right, making an abrupt turn and then moved swiftly out of sight. They called to their neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. Posey, and they also observed the object. It was estimated to be about 300 feet in diameter and bright in appearance. The object was blinking as it moved out of sight. The sighting lasted for about 5 minutes. It was also noticed that dogs and cats were acting strangely during the sighting.

EVALUATION:
The eye-witness advertising plane did not fly this night. The object described definitely seems to fit the description of a UFO. The witness is reported to be reliable individuals.

- page 47 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UFO REPORT (Bollingher - 1/19/66)

THIS MEETING WEST TOWAHD DEERINGTON: At 6:11 P.M. Witness No. 1, a woman, saw a bright light in the sky, which appeared to be stationary. The light was red and green in color. The witness was able to see this light for about 30 minutes. 

Reported by: (Signature)
Executive Secretary
Permanent file
Chairman, NICAP MASS SECTION

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photograph or other visual elements. It appears to be a filled-out report form from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) regarding an unidentified flying object sighting.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by civilian research organizations, and additional questions in which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusions of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine, or in another publication. Your assistance is greatly appreciated. Thank you.

1. Place of Employment: [REDACTED]
2. Occupation: [REDACTED]
3. Education: [REDACTED]
4. Special Training: 3 yr. Art school
5. Date of Observation: 4/7/66
6. Locality of Observation: [REDACTED]
7. Time: 10:00 AM
8. How long did you see the object? 3-6 Minutes Seconds
9. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky: very clear night
10. Position of Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: ...
11. If the object had color, or appeared metallic, give details: bright light, seemed to stand still
12. Were there more than one object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating detail: no
13. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, was it revolving, etc.: bright light
14. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? yes
15. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc.: very bright
16. Did the object(s) appear to stand still at any time?: yes
17. What was the shape of the object(s)?: bright light
18. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind, anything?: no
19. Was there any recognizable trail, cloud, or exhaust behind the object(s)?: no

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report form that contains text entries describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W. 
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional information is needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use reverse side.

Name: XXXXXX
Address: XXXXXX
Occupation: XXXXX
Education: XXXXXX
Special Training: XXXXXX
Military Service: AM 16 PM EST time zone

Date of Observation: XXXXXX
Locality of Observation: XXXXXX
How long did you see the object? XXXXXX hours XXXXXX minutes XXXXXX seconds
Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky: XXXXXX
Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: XXXXXX
If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? XXXXXX
Were there more than one object? XXXXXX If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, etc.
Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, was it revolving, size, etc.? XXXXXX
Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? XXXXXX
If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. XXXXXX
Did the object(s) - XXXXXX

- page 50 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions and fields to be filled out.

18. Was the object - Self-luminous ?
Dull finish ? 
Reflecting ?
Transparent ?
19. Did the object fall to the earth or float white in motion ?
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead b. Pea c. Nickel d. Orange e. Grapefruit 
Or, if larger, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
21. How did you happen to notice the object(s) ?
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time ?
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view ?
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a pistol or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.
25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards ? If so, please elaborate.
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s) from the observer.
27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky ?
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
29. Describe the Motion of the object(s), how it appeared, its brightness, and describe any color, if observed, and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks, which may have been present.
30. Is there any physical evidence, as a possible landing, a burned area, or crashed object? If so, please describe.
31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date) or any other background information. We will return the materials to you.
33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators ? By any other federal, state, or local officials ? If so, please state the names, offices, and details of the questioning, if possible.
34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. Our action will encourage others to report similar experiences. However, if you do not want your name used, please indicate this below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own information. Please indicate whether you would object to further contact.

- page 51 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Self luminous ?
Dull finish ?
Reflecting ?
Transparent ?

Did the object (s) rise or fall while in motion ? 
Tell the apparent size of the object (s) when compared with the following held at arm's length: 
a. Thumbnail       b. Dime       c. Half dollar       d. Silver dollar       e. Grapefruit       f. Large

On. If smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? 
Where were you and what were you doing at the time? 
How did the object(s) disappear from view ?
Compare the speed of the object(s) with a distant or fast aircraft of the same apparent altitude. 
What was the color of the object(s)? Was it steady or did it change? 
What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky ?

Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
Please draw a rough sketch or sketching showing the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area (roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks).

Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area ?
Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

Were you questioned by Air Force investigators ? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials ? If so, please state the details.
Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders manifested ?

We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files.

You may use my name. ( )
Please keep my name confidential. (X)

Date of filling out this report: 4-19-66

- page 52 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an article from a newspaper or document about a strange sighting near the Scott Hill Gardens. The text describes two Bellingham women who saw a "dangerously flying saucer" hovering over their neighborhood on a Tuesday night. The article provides details about their account, including their descriptions of the object and its movements.

Here is the full text from the document:

STRANGE SIGHTING NEAR SCOTT HILL GARDENS

TWO BELLINGHAM WOMEN SEE "DANGEROUSLY FLYING SAUCER"

BELLINGHAM - Two Bellingham women, Mrs. Martha Petry and Mrs. Ruth Kuehl, reported seeing a strange object in the sky near Scott Hill Gardens about 10:15 Tuesday night.

Mrs. Petry said they observed the object hovering over the area for about a half hour as they stood in their driveway. It appeared to be a saucer-shaped craft with flashing lights, she said.

"It wasn't anything so big that it would attract a lot of attention, but it was big enough so that we could see it clearly," Mrs. Petry said. "We watched it hovering over the area and then it started moving up and down, back and forth, in a very strange manner."

Mrs. Petry said the object remained in sight for about a half hour before it disappeared from view.

"We didn't know what it was," Mrs. Petry said. "It was nothing like an airplane or a helicopter. It moved in a very strange way."

Mrs. Kuehl agreed with her neighbor's description of the object.

"We couldn't figure out what it was," she said. "We watched it for a long time and it was definitely not an airplane or anything we've seen before. It was very strange."

Mrs. Petry said they telephoned the police, but were told there was nothing the authorities could do about the sighting.

"I guess they didn't believe us," she said. "But we know what we saw and it was definitely something strange and dangerously flying over our neighborhood."

(Continued on Page Eight)

- page 53 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in the provided image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET
UFO REPORT - 4/30/66

WITNESS: PLACE: N. SHORE SHOPPING CENTER, Route 1, Wiscasset, Maine.

DATE/TIME: 1:25 PM and 2:25 PM 

BACKGROUND: The object was sighted by several individuals in the area as described above. The main descripton of the object is as follows:

- A large, silvery, metallic object, about 20-25 feet in diameter, hovering about 100-150 feet above the ground.
- The object was silent, and did not seem to have any visible windows, doors, or markings.
- It remained hovering at the above described position for over 10 minutes, and then suddenly accelerated upward at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from sight.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT: (Witness: Richard A. Porter, Investigator)
The witness were a group of local people who witnessed the object first hand. They reported that the object was observed by numerous persons in the area at the times given. The object was seen to hover silently for a considerable period of time, and then to accelerate rapidly upwards and out of sight. No other details on its appearance or maneuvers are given. The witness seemed convinced that they had seen a genuine UFO, but could provide no further specifics.

The object passed over heading SSE - NNW climbing rapidly. Groups of people watched and tried to get closer but the object moved away at high speed and disappeared from view. Numerous persons reported the sighting, and details were obtained from them, but no photographs or other physical evidence was obtained.

- page 54 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO, but no photographic image.

UFO REPORT (Peabody, Mass. - 4/15/66)
drove their car across 1.1+ to face the OPI field from which the light was seen. The two young men say was the same as the headlight on his car, but the object was stationary and visible light than his car headlight. The object glowed bright white and green seemed to interchange as though each were going to and fro.
The weather was fair and warm. The moon was in the southwestern portion of the sky at the time. The object finally disappeared from their vision while they were watching it, moving up and over the trees disappearing.
EVALUATION:
The object is reported to be a very dark colored young man, His mother told the time he put reliable clock in UFO show to his friends home which he intended to play with as he is an operator of many kinds of experimental clocks.
CHAIRMAN'S NOTE -
Similar objects were reported on this same night at Scituate 19:50 p.m. Bellingham (13:00 p.m.) and several other locations. The object was not only in Massachusetts but throughout the United States as hundreds of sightings from various locations have been reported on this date.

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an "UNCLASSIFIED" Department of the Air Force Staff Message Branch Incoming Message.

Extracting the text from the document:

AP IN: 58453 (20 APR 66)
PAGE 3 RUED HB 8033 UNCLAS
POSITION DIRECTLY OVER THE OBSERVERS. THE DISCS MOVED TO AND FROM THE CIGAR-SHAPED OBJECT ALONG RANDOM PATHS AT VARIOUS SPEEDS.
5. OBJECTS DISAPPEARED INSTANTANEOUSLY. STRAIGHT UP.
6. OBJECTS WERE VISIBLE APPROXIMATELY TWO HOURS.
C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
1. GROUND-VISUAL.
2. HAND-HELD BINOCULARS: THE NIGHT OF THE 17TH OF APRIL.
CHAMEUY OPERA GLASSES; LOW POWER, THE NIGHT OF THE 18TH LUNA
7 X 35, 367 FT X 1800 YARDS.
3. N/A
D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
1. 18/0332Z TO 18/0515Z AND 19/0508Z TO 19/0708Z.
2. LIGHT CONDITIONS: NIGHT.
E. LOCATION OF OBSERVERS: IN THE TOWN OF NEW CASTLE, MAINE.
44:02N 69:34W.
F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVERS:
1. A. [REDACTED], 25, GLIDDON ST., NEW CASTLE, MAINE. SCHOOL TEACHER, RELIABILITY: QUESTIONABLE.
APPROX [REDACTED], NEW CASTLE, MAINE. HOUSEWIFE AND SALES.

AFHO Form 0-309C UNCLASSIFIED

- page 56 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)" form.

The text in the document is as follows:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA 1536 Connecticut Avenue N.W. Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers may prove valuable. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in the regularly scheduled bulletin. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name ... Place of Employment ... Occupation ...
2. Telephone ...
3. Locality of Observation Washington, D.C.
4. How long did you see the object? ... Hours ... Minutes ... Seconds
5. Please describe the weather conditions and the type of sky i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.: Partly cloudy
6. Position of the Sun or moon in relation to the object and your position: Overhead
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? Yes.
8. Were there more than one object? No. If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating the direction of the object(s) from you.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, steady, etc.; did it appear to be bigger than a star or planet? The object appeared to be a small circular source of light, steady, slightly larger than a star.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?
11. If so, compared to the brightness of stars, planets, etc., what was the degree of brightness? Slightly brighter than a star.
12. Did the object(s) seem to ... (a) Appear to stand still at any time? Yes. (b) Suddenly speed up and rush away? No. (c) Alter its shape? No. (d) Craze off into parts or explode? No. (e) Give off smoke or trail? No. (f) Drop anything? No. (g) Change brightness? No.

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.

14. Was there any wind? If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, winshield, windowpane, storm window, screening, etc.? No.

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? No. What kind? How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) --
a. Fuzzy or blurred.
b. Like a bright star.
c. Slightly outlined.

- page 57 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

18. Was the object - 
a. Self-luminous? 
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting?
d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Yes

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length.
a. Pinhead
b. Dime
c. Nickel
d. Silver dollar
e. Orange
f. Grapefruit
   Larger

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)?

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Throwing out some old junk.

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? 

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a jetplane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Cannot estimate different.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) to the sky? Could not estimate nor could not say.

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared. The direction of its course over the scene, known, unknown, villages, railroads, and other landmarks.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? 

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date), if available regarding this or similar observations. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the names and dates or titles of the agency: his office, and details as to where and how long the questioning took place.

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please indicate your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files. Thank you for your cooperation.

35. Date of filling out this report: March 22, 1966
   Signature: [signature redacted]

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a report from 19 April 1966 regarding UFO sightings in Quincy, Massachusetts.

Text extracted from the document:

19 April 1966
+ 11:45 PM EST
Quincy, Massachusetts

Mrs. [redacted], independently of Mrs. [redacted]
Quincy, Mass.     Quincy, Mass.

"Quincy Patriot Ledger"
Quincy, Mass.
April 29, 1966

More UFO Sightings
(Continued from Page one)
Mrs. Richard W. Whiteman, of 25 Empire St., saw an unidentified flying object go over her house about midnight. 
Mrs. Whiteman said she saw one object with red lights that gradually disappeared in the trees and bushes.

NOT INVESTIGATED - SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO OTHER SEARCHINGS INVESTIGATED BY NICAP MASS SUBCOM

Raymond E. Fowler

- page 59 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document image. The image contains text from a Project Blue Book report describing an unidentified object seen by several persons in Randolph, Massachusetts on April 23, 1966. The text discusses the incident, including reports from two policemen who observed the object. The document concludes by stating that the incident was "Not investigated" and suggests a "May follow up on this one."

Here is the full text transcribed from the document:

23 April 1966
8:40 & 11:00 PM EST
Randolph, Mass.

Enterprise & Times (c)
BROCKTON, Mass.

UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS SEEN BY SEVERAL PERSONS
Two Policemen
Among Viewers

RANDOLPH: An unidentified flying object was seen by several persons, including two Randolph policemen, about 8:49 Saturday night by Randolph resident Mrs. Ruth Johnson of 26 Cortland Street. Mrs. Johnson described it as pearl-white in color, oblong in shape and moving erratically in the sky. At times it would appear to stand still and then suddenly dart around at a high rate of speed. 

Randolph police reported receiving numerous telephone calls from citizens reporting the object. Although exact details differ, most of the witnesses described the object as pearl-white, oblong in shape, and traveling swiftly through the sky at times standing still and then darting rapidly away. One resident said he could see the object from the cellar of his house, and "it was as bright as the full moon." 

Three Randolph policemen, Patrolmen Fredrick Connor and Joseph Lank, said they saw the object. Patrolman Connor said the object was "as big as a large transport plane and flew in a northerly direction." Patrolman Lank said he saw the object, but it disappeared behind a building as he watched it. Both men described the object as pearl-white in color, oblong in shape, and traveling swiftly.

Almost all callers, Randolph police said, made the same general description of the object, and they also reported that whatever it was, "it moved very quickly and then disappeared from sight." 

Not investigated. May follow up on this one.

Raymond E. Fowler

- page 60 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text-based reports and news items.

AYER POLICE NEWS
APRIL 19
TWO reports of subjects operating motor vehicles in the hill area with no registration plates sighted, brings word from Chief of Police Walter F. Picard that when apprehended they will be charged with operating an unregistered vehicle and the penalty will be assessed.
THREE young boys attempting to take an engine part from an automobile were turned over to the father and the damage was repaired by the father and the youths were given a stern warning.
APRIL 20
Seven motor vehicles were reportedly drained of gas at the Ayer Motor Mart on West Main Street.
APRIL 21
POLICE received a report to-day of a motor vehicle which crashed through the locked gates of the Alumni Field at the Ayer Junior Senior High School. Further investigation indicates that the subject had driven across the field damaging three broken four wooden hurdles and a barricade before leaving the area. The extensively involved vehicle was found parked near a home from where it was believed to have been stolen.
APRIL 22
SEVERAL reports of flying saucers were received from home owners in various parts of the town.

- page 61 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a list of UFO sightings from 18-30 April 1966, along with information about the location, observer, and evaluation of each sighting.

The text content is as follows:

18 - 30 APRIL 1966 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
18 Norfolk, Virginia [redacted] Insufficient Data
18 Renton, Washington [redacted] Aircraft
18 Orangeburg, New York [redacted] Astro (METEOR)
18 Centerville, Ohio [redacted] Astro (METEOR)
19 Brunswick, Maine [redacted] Astro (METEOR)
19 Ishpeming, Michigan [redacted] Military
19 Ithaca, New York [redacted] Military
19 Ypsilinger's Falls, New York [redacted] Multiple
20 Dayton, Ohio [redacted] Military
20 Barre, Vermont [redacted] Multiple
20 Oerake, Ary, 'Florida [redacted] Military
20 Appelle Island Albany, New York [redacted] Military
21 Lima, Ohio [redacted] Multiple
21 Case Camp Pendleton, L.A., Calif [redacted] Military
21 Bronans, New York [redacted] Aircraft
21 Miamisburg, Ohio [redacted] Multiple
22 Bridgewater, Massachusetts [redacted] Insufficient Data
22 Ovid, Bannister, Michigan [redacted] Multiple
23 Needham, New York [redacted] Insufficient Data
23 Wiliston, Massachusetts [redacted] Insufficient Data
23 Kingston, New York [redacted] Insufficient Data
24 Brattleboro, Vermont, New York [redacted] Multiple
22 Centerville, Ohio [redacted] Multiple
22 Akron, Ohio [redacted] Multiple
23 Middlebury, Vermont [redacted] Multiple
23-29 Leesburg, Florida [redacted] Multiple
23 Twinsburg, Ohio [redacted] Multiple
23 Glenndale, California [redacted] Multiple
24 Thomson, Georgia [redacted] Aircraft
25 Fonda, New York [redacted] Insufficient Data
25 Northeastern, United States [redacted] Other (CORRESPONDING DATA)
25 New Rochelle, New York [redacted] Other (BIRDS)
25 Walpole, Massachusetts [redacted] Astro (VENUS)
25 Chazy, New York [redacted] Astro (MOON)
26 Chicago, Illinois [redacted] Astro (METEOR)
26 Seekonk, Massachusetts [redacted] Insufficient Data
27 South Mason, Georgia [redacted] Civilian
27 Baton Rouge, Louisiana [redacted] Aircraft
28 Rochester, Michigan [redacted] Multiple
29 Sacramento, California [redacted] Insufficient Data
29-30 Colorado Springs, Colorado [redacted] Other (GROUND LIGHTS)
29-30 Sacramento, California [redacted] 1. Astro (VENUS)
             2. UNIDENTIFIED

- page 62 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a list of sightings during the period of 18-30 April 1966.

18 - 30 APRIL 1966 SIGHTINGS 
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE  LOCATION  SOURCE  EVALUATION
April  Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio  Sgt Moody retirement  
April 1 General Interest  Springfields, Ohio  
April 1  Schenectady, New York  Newscli pping
15  Beaver Co, Ohio  Newscli pping
19  Washington Court House, Ohio  Newscli pping
21 Candall, New York  Green light  Newscli pping 
22 New York  Newscli pping
25 Goodfellow AFB, Texas  Message  (METEOR) Aircraft
30 Brazil  Airgram

- page 63 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

AF IN: 58453 (20 APR 66)
PG 4 OF 5

CLERK. RELIABILITY - QUESTIONABLE, AGE
PAGE # RUEDHBA043 UNCLAS
UNKNOWN, BANK TELLER, GL IDDON ST., NEW CASTLE, MAINE. RELIABILITY - UNABLE TO CONTACT.
G. WEATHER AND WINDS:
1. SKY CLEAR, TEMPERATURE AROUND 35 DEGREES F., WINDS CALM. 
2. N/A
3. CEILING UNRESTRICTED.
4. VISIBILITY UNRESTRICTED
5. NONE
6. NONE
7. 35 DEGREES F.
H. NONE
I. NONE
J. N/A
KM DONALD G. WESTLAKE, CAPTAIN, CHIEF OF INTELLIGENCE, 15TH AIR DIV. AT THE PLACE WHERE THE OBSERVERS WERE LOCATED, THERE ARE SEVERAL TREES WHICH BLOCK THE VIEW OVERHEAD AND IN THE DIRECTION WHERE THE OBJECTS WERE SIGHTED. IN MY OPINION, THE OBSERVERS WERE VIEWING BRIGHT STARS THROUGH THE RATHER DENSE, BARE BRANCHES.

AFHQ FORM 0-309C UNCLASSIFIED

- page 64 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely containing a description of an unidentified aerial phenomenon sighting.

The text in the document reads:

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 58453 (20 APR 66)  Pg 5 of 5

OF THE TREES, AS THE OBSERVERS MOVED, THE BRANCHES BLOCKED OUT
SOME OF THE STARS INTERMITTENTLY AND MADE THEM APPEAR TO BE 
PAGE 5 RUEHMBA 0843 UNCLSS
MOVING.

L. NONE.

BT
NNNN

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 65 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report containing a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

Recorded 14 April, 1966 in NEWCASTLE, LINCOLN COUNTY, MAINE

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible on the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 17-19 April 1966
2. Time of day: 2:00 A.M.
3. Time Zone: Eastern Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEWCASTLE, LINCOLN COUNTY, MAINE
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2-3 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Watching carefully and checking time
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes - No 
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day: Bright, Night: Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? Not applicable, saw object at night.

- page 66 -

