The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 100/73 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP	2. LOCATION
22 Apr 66 22/2152Z	10. Belchortown, Mass.
3. SOURCE 	10. CONCLUSION
Civilian	INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION  
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
17 minutes 12 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
Northwest-East 
8. PHOTOS
D Yes
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
D Yes
XX No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or letter.

Belchortown, Mass.
April 24, 1966

To whom it may concern: 
On April 22, 1966, I reported a UFO. It was following 
a jet plane. I spotted it just after the plane. It was 
glowing reddish-white. About three minutes it dropped 
slowly to the ground. I have enclosed picture of 
what I saw.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a black and white hand-drawn sketch of what looks like a celestial body or object, possibly a planet or a UFO. The sketch depicts an oval-shaped object with several dots or markings on it. Below the main sketch, there is a smaller sketch of a "smaller object".

As requested, here is the OCR text found in the document:

larger
object

smaller
object

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which is a questionnaire filled out by the witness. The text on the document can be output as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED DATA
22 Apr 66
Belchertown, Mass.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
Day: 4 - Year: 1966

2. Time of day:
25 Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
XXXXXX, Belchertown, Mass.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
YES NO

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy 

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your back c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and yes/no questions about the observer's sighting of an unidentified object.

8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember
9. CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
9. WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Yes, No, Don't know

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs, but rather has a form with various questions related to the sighting of a UFO object.

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Disappeared behind a mountain.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes. It moved behind a tree.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): No.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None.
b. Color: White.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? The fourth.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any colors, proportions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or wings that may have been noted.
(Drawing shows an elongated, oblong object moving from right to left.)

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1,200-1,500 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 25 yds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. I noticed a bright round light that appeared to be hovering and moving rapidly at a very high altitude. The light was so bright that it was visible in broad daylight.

- page 7 -

The image appears to contain a diagram and instructions related to a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this image.

Transcribed text from the image:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire form with various questions about the sighting of a UFO or similar object.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names and addresses redacted]
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal information redacted]
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2-27-66

Belchortown, Mass.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    12    March    1962
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
The UFO was giving a vapor trail and the flickering lights were blinking and red.

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book containing text.

FTD (TDEW)
Wal,rt-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
4 May 1966

Belchertown, Massachusetts 

Dear Mr. -----,

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 22 April 1966. The information which we have received was not sufficient for evaluation, and we have returned SF form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. 

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., M-jor, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

