The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DATE - TIME GROUP: 17 July 66, 1800/2400
LOCATION: Enon, Ohio
SOURCE: Civilian 
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Five Minutes
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
COURSE: N-S
PHOTOS: No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (N/A)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes (f./te/ltc-rn. 4/v-rt ./ /../r--/,c:,)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outside d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. In a moving vehicle? f. Flying over a city? g. Flying over open country? h. Other?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North b. East c. South d. West 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.  24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a sketch or diagram, but does not contain any photographs. The text indicates that the image is from a Project Blue Book document related to a UFO sighting in Enon, Ohio in 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date and location: LAST NIGHT ABOUT 10:00 PM SIGHTED HOVERING ABOUT 150 FEET ABOVE 
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted]
32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME [Redacted] ADDRESS [Redacted] TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE 31 SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 9/21/64

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with some text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which is an old UFO report document.

The text in the document says:

Reference your unidentified observation of 27 July 1966 from Piqua, Ohio. This was referred to the Duty Officer of Project Blue Book for evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFD Form 112 and return it to this office as provided. 

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
VICTOR J. QUINTANILLA, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

UFO Sighting
St 24-26-Jul-1966
Observed at Enon, Ohio (near Fairborn, Ohio)

bright spot, of IXXX luminous yellow-white light, steady
moving slightly on a course from north to south, or SSW. when first
observed was over some roof of house in small town, at elevation of 10°.
When last seen, five minutes later, had reached an elevation of 30°.
Disappeared. No sound. No unusual appearance or change in appearance.

Observers: Mr. , Route 1, Fairborn, Ohio and
his wife
and a friend, Mr.

Sky Condition: visibility good, no precipitation or ess cloud, no
moon but there were stars.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO Sighting
At 2246-2257-17-July-1966
Observed at Enon, Ohio (near Fairborn, Ohio)

Bright spot of XXXXX luminous yellow-white light, steady moving slightly up and down, of SSSS when first observed was over roof of house in small town at elevation of 10°. When last seen, it had traveled 40 or 50 degrees and disappeared in sort of hovering and darting motion in small round ball.

Observer: Mr. M., Route 1, Fairborn, Ohio, 45324

His wife and a friend, Mr. __________, were also present.

Sky condition: Visibility good, no precipitation or fog cloud, no moon but there were stars.

There were no more UFO questionnaires in the duty officer folder. Noted from Telephone Conversation. Major A. H. Faine, D.O. 17 Jul 66.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10279 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 66 25/1017
2. LOCATION: Enon, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

PTD (TISDR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, OHIO 45433
26 JULY 1966

ENON, OHIO 45323
Dear

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 21 July 1966 which you reported to the Duty Officer at Wright-Patterson AFB, OHIO. The information which was received from this report has been reviewed for evaluation. No further action is required. The envelope provided is for your return.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" used to gather information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object(s) that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it will be possible to ask you for additional details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was its light determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. Ahead of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or observation report form.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vaporous

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

Other: _____________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?    Yes    No    Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?    Yes    No    Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?    Yes    No    Don't know
d. Give off trails or smoke?    Yes    No    Don't know
e. Change brightness?    Yes    No    Don't know
f. Change shape?    Yes    No    Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?    Yes    No    Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?    Yes    No    Don't know

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES (it went behind something)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes  No  Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes  No  Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NONE
b. Color YELLOW

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
COULD NOT DETERMINE SIZE

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(No drawing is present in this image.)

- page 13 -

