The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP    18 Oct. 66 0700Z
2. LOCATION    Rossburg, Ohio
3. SOURCE    Civilian
10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS    One
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
A bright blueish object placed itself in front of the car so all the witnesses reached the object from a distance. The object just hovered over the field just a few feet from the farm house.
The witnesses could never be definite as to what part of the object they could see distinctly. The object just remained stationary and gave no indication of what the heading or speed of the object was when the witnesses observed it.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION    15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION    Ground Visual
7. COURSE    N/A
8. PHOTOS
Yes
No
X
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No
X

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. As an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain 
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: c: creek light

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Split into parts? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flick or disappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15 Day, 10 Month, 66 Year

2. Time of day: 5:00 Minutes

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Rossburg, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 Minutes, 0 Seconds
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   5.1 How was time in sight determined? visual estimation
   5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. DAY: Bright
   b. NIGHT: Bright

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you

- page 3 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a filled-out questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 250 ft

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield? 
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 55 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a football (sphere)

- page 4 -

The image contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be a page from an official document, likely related to a UFO report. The page contains several questions and spaces for responses, indicating that it is a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or observation. There are no human faces or identities visible in the image.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Faded away
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - very still, b. Color - brilliant blue
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The document appears to be part of a larger set of records related to a UFO sighting, likely from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 40 SEX Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and an instruction to draw a picture. The diagram shows a curved line with angles marked, as well as a compass rose. The instructions ask the viewer to imagine a scenario where they are observing an object in the sky, and to indicate on the diagram how high the object was above the horizon and where it was seen on the compass. The second part of the instructions asks the viewer to draw a picture showing the motion of the object or objects.

Text extracted from the image:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report, with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
13     6     66
 Day  Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object was definitely circular and seemed to have three bright discs set in the saucer. It was also circling my car in a northeasterly direction approximately 100 feet up. I found the whole experience most unnerving and it was a relief when it eventually moved away over the trees.

- page 8 -

