The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form from Project 10073 Record, dated 25 Mar 66 26/01302 from Pine Bluff, Arkansas. The report describes an observed object that was brighter than a full moon, traveling due east, and resembled a satellite. The object was observed for 10 minutes, and the report indicates that it was a probable satellite. There are no human faces or identities mentioned in the report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 Mar 66 26/01302
2. LOCATION 
Pine Bluff, Arkansas
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual 
7. COURSE
Due East
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
10. CONCLUSION
Probable SATELLITE
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was brighter than a full moon, traveled due east. Object was traveling about the speed of a jet plane but it was very close to the ground compared to a jet plane, but it was very bright. Would disappear behind clouds then reappear. Seemed to be a full moon except that the light was very bright.
2 Witnesses

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The document appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book, describing an incident that occurred in Pine Bluff, Arkansas on March 26, 1966.

Transcription of the text in the document:

The Department of Defense
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

After reading the attached and having witnessed only last night a strange object in the sky, I would like to submit some additional information to the stories, as is indicated by the attached clipping, or something college stories.

I am an employee of the Federal Government in an important defense work. I had seen objects in 1952, 1953, and 1957, which objects I claim were unusual aerial objects which I have ever seen and only strange because of the size and the brilliance. 

I was on my way to McGehee, Arkansas, a town 53 miles south of Pine Bluff, when exactly 7:30 p.m. CST an object appeared overhead, traveling from east to west. It had gone thru McGehee and was traveling due east, and the object traveled in a zigzag course, changing its direction in flight. The light of this object however was the color of a bright moon(the location itself was brilliant) the object was seen for about a minute and a half. It hovered at the outer fringes. The object did not come down for a close or perfect inspection. I got out of my car to see if I could hear any sound. There was no sound whatsoever. The object made a small light flashed on from time to time, so unlike the small airplanes or helicopters. This type of light was more brilliant and steady and darted from place to place and up and down at different times. I got back in my car and drove some 10 or 12 blocks and turned into the driveway of my home in Union Billings, blowing my horn constantly to attract neighbors to where together we watched this strange object for seemingly 10 or more minutes. During this time. As far as we could tell, the brilliance did not change and the object hovered for the most part. We saw a flash on at times. The object travelled at about the same speed of a jet and was seen to the south, very close.

The explanation of these flying objects in the attached clipping is an insult to honest people. What I saw last night wasn't swamp gas, planet reflection or an illusion. It was something real and something that has not been associated with any known type of aircraft travel. It was traveling so rapidly that it could have been identified as maybe Air Force Bases notified of late a trick of the imagination.

The Michigan story may have been a hoax by boys using flares. But last night over this area an unusual object in the night sky can be witness by any body. Only I teen age girls came to the door of a friend (also an employee of the Federal Government) in Pine Bluff; that it was the strangest object they had ever seen.Their granted. The Flying Saucer story has grown, but this added to the brilliance.

The only difference between the object I witnessed and an airliner is the distance and brilliance elements as the object travelled, the distance and the large signal light could be seen flashing on and off. There was no mystery to this flight nor how high it was.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

no multi-color appearance; no streaking, blinking, winking, seeming circus acts as is indicated in the attached clippings. The object was perfectly still. The red signal was proof that this thing was some sort of mechanical flying vehicle or plane of some sort. This report of the object I witnessed is for what it may be of interest of our government.

Sincerely,
(Mrs) Thelma W. Durham
3301 Poplar Street

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report containing text only.

Air Force Expert 'Identifies' UFO's
WASHINGTON - Michigan's much-publicized and official unidentified flying objects have been identified. They turn out to be will-o'-the-wisps and the moon in March. This is the official explanation by Air Force experts who investigated reports of the colorful, glowing, flying, hovering and blinking objects that have captured southern Michigan's imagination. 
Meanwhile, back in Washington, Representative Gerald R. Ford of Michigan said it was "a very wholesome thing" for Congress to investigate unidentified flying objects. An investigation, he said, would make the American people "feel better." Identification of Michigan's strange objects came yesterday at a formal press conference in Detroit. J. Allen Hynek, an astronomer and an Air Force consultant on unidentified flying objects categorized the hitherto mysterious sightings this way:
The second sighting, widely distributed as photographic evidence, turns out to be a time exposure of the rising crescent moon and the planet Venus.
A majority of the other observations--reported to be almost continuous--prove to be normal, common occurrences such as the familiar swamp gas, which is also responsible for the will-o'-the-wisps seen in marshe.
Hynek said there was no ready explanation for how swamp gas can glow so realy works.

- page 4 -

