The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, and does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 18 May 66 19/35z
2. LOCATION: Chicago, Ill.
3. SOURCE: civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: To SW
8. TO S 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes
10. CONCLUSION: Possible satellite
There is no indication that the sighting was not that of a satellite.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers were looking in the west sky, when they noted a balloon-like object traveling toward the east at terrific speed. Object was visible for about 3 minutes before it disappeared behind a building. There was no sound, trail.
The object appeared to be very high and moving at an extremely rapid rate, consistent with the characteristics of a satellite.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image contains handwritten text, which I will transcribe as follows:

"Tall building or we last sight of it. There was no sound had no trail just as completely mind yellow ball. It was up several thousand feet. This object was very invisible to the naked eye. I hope I made it clear enough.

Yours truly

Chicago 60614"

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS 
329TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP CARLSON (RESERVE) 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
Chicago, Illinois 60666

SUBJECT: U.F.O.

A. Description of the object:
1. Would you please describe object's shape? ROUND AS A BALL

2. Size as compared to a known object held in the hand at about arm's length. (Such as a pea, dime, nickel, baseball, etc.) ABOUT ALL

3. Color YELLOW AS A BANANA
4. Number ONE
5. Formation, if more than one N/A

6. Any discernible features or details? NO

7. Was there a tail, trail or exhaust, including size of same? NO

8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound. NO

9. Other pertinent or unusual features NO

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HAPPENED TO LOOK UP
VERY HIGH - OBSERVER COULDN'T SAY AS TO ANGLE
AZIMUT1 - 270° 
AZIMUT - 090°
STRAIGHT PATH
DISAPPEARED SUDDENLY
ONE MINUTE OR LESS
1. How was object sighted, ground-visual, air visual, ground electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar) GROUND-VISUAL
2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, binoculars) NO
3. Was this an airborne sighting? If so:
A. Type A/C
B. Ident No
C. Altitude
D. Speed
E. Home Station  
F. Time Station
G. Telephone No

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this document. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

D. Time and date of sighting:
1. Time and date: 13 MAY 66
2. Was it, night, day, dawn, dusk: DAY/DUSK

E. Location of Observer: Where did you make this sighting from? (If necessary, give location in reference to a known land mark)
IN FRONT OF HOUSE LOOKING WEST - LINCOLN PARK AREA
APPROX 07°35' W 41°55' N

F. Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Civilian Name: REDACTED
2. Age: 70
3. Mailing Address: REDACTED, CHICAGO, ILL, 60601
4. Occupation: HOUSEWIFE
5. Reliability: RELIABLE
6. Telephone No: REDACTED

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: CLEAR - NO CLOUDS
2. Winds (from Weather Bureau): WEATHER OFFICE, NAS GLENVIEW, ILL
Surface Winds: 6,000 - 250° Degrees - 25 Kts
Aloft: 10,000 - 250° " - 25 "
16,000 - 250° " - 30 "
20,000 - 250° " - 60 "
30,000 - 250° " - 65 "
40,000 - 250° " - 50 "
50,000 - 250° " - 50 "
3. Ceiling: 23,000 Scattered
4. Visibility: 27 /10 Amount of cloud layer: 2/10
5. Thunderstorm in area and quadrant in which located: NONE
6. Vertical Temp Gradient (2000 - 10,000): +6.0° / 700 MB - 39.98° C / 500 MB - 15°C
7. Pressure level 10,000 Feet: 3

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed form with questions about unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical or otherwise. The form indicates that no photographs were taken and the observer has no idea what the observers might have seen.

4. Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting?

2. Did you take any photographs?
NO
Do you know of any existence of physical evidence or materials?
NO

INITIALS: CHS
COMMENT: I have no idea what the observers might of seen.

CLAYTON E. SULLIVAN, 
Captain, USAF
Aircraft Dispatcher

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The form is titled "PROJECT 10073 RECORD" and contains various fields filled out, including the date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, physical evidence, and conclusion.

The text in the form states:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 26 MAY 66 27/03302
2. LOCATION: Chicago, Ill.
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 45 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: X No
10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient data for evaluation

The form also mentions that a PTD form 14 was sent requesting additional information, but this information has not been received. The case is being carried as insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text only.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

PTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
1 July 1966

Chicago, Illinois 60655

Dear [redacted],

Reference your unidentified observation of 26 May 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.  

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 8 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a document titled "COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS" from the 928TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE), UNITED STATES AIR FORCE, O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, COGC. The document is dated 27 MAY 66 and is regarding a "U.F.O." sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

SUBJECT: U.F.O.
A. Description of the object:
1. Would you please describe the object's shape? Like a star
2. Size as compared to a known object held in the hand at about arm's length: (such as a pea, dime, nickel, baseball, etc.) about 1/2 inch
3. Color: similar to a star
4. Number: one
5. Formation, if more than one: N/A
6. Any discernible features or details much brighter than a star: No
7. Was there a tail, trail or exhaust, including size or same compared to size of object? No
8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound: No
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: No

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing detailed information about a reported UFO sighting.

B. Description of course of object:
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object? Just happened to look up

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed:
45 degree angle 280 degree azimuth

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance:
60 to 80 degree angle Approx 110 degree azimuth

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: From North to South then veered to East

5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or instantaneously)? Instantaneously - as you would slow a match out

6. How long was the object visible? (Be specific, 5 min, one hour)
30 to 45 minutes - closer to 45 minutes

G. Manner of observation, B. Optical, A/C, etc.: ground-visual, air visual, ground electronic, air electronic, (specify type of radar) Ground-visual

2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, binoculars)? No

3. Was this an airborne sighting? If so:
A. Type A/C
B. Registration
C. Altitude
D. Heading
E. Speed 
F. Time Station
G. Telephone No

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which contains text filling out various details about the sighting, including the time, date, location, observer information, weather conditions, and other relevant details.

D. Time and date of sighting
1. Time (including day, night, dusk, etc): 9:30pm, NIGHT
2. Date: 27 MAY 66

E. Location of Observer: Where did you make this sighting from? Give exact location. (If necessary give location in reference to a known land mark)
IN FRONT OF RESIDENCE 
APPROX 3432' W 4941' N

F. Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Civilian Name: [Redacted]
2. Age: 44
3. Mailing Address: [Redacted], CHICAGO, ILL., 60638
4. Occupation: RETIRED SERVICE MAN
5. Reliability: GOOD
6. Telephone No.: RA 9-7288

Military:
1. Name: N/A
2. Grade:
3. Organization: 
4. Unit:
5. Duty:
6. Telephone No.:

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: WARM - CLEAR - SLIGHT WIND
2. Winds (from Weather Bureau) Furnished by Weather Office, NAS Bienview, Ill.
Surface 150 Degrees: 6 Kts
Aloft 6,000 3.0
Aloft 10,000 3.0
Aloft 15,000 3.0
Aloft 20,000 200 
Aloft 30,000 200
Aloft 40,000 260
Aloft 50,000 280

3. Ceiling None
4. Visibility: 10
5. Amount of cloud layer: 0/10
6. Thunderstorm in area and quadrant in which located: None
7. Vertical Temp Gradient (850 hPa +126g / 700hPa +246 g / 500hPa -1176g)
8024.3/1013.7 / 5756 = 1.39
9. Index +4

Freezing level 12,100 ft.: 3

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information department, likely used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the sighting of any unidentified object or objects. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15 Day 4 Month, 1966 Year
2. Time of day: 7 Hour 25 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 314 Davis, St. City/or Town Elgin, State or County Illinois
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY Bright c. Night Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

The rest of the form is marked as "INSUFFICIENT DATA" indicating that some of the requested information was not provided.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting? No
Did you take any photographs? No
Do you know of any existence of physical evidence or materials? No
INITIALS_CWS
CONTENT: The observer stated that his wife and several neighbors also viewed this phenomena at the same time. Another woman called this case to the attention of BLUE BOOK, however this object was not a star because of the abrupt change of course.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a series of questions and multiple-choice answers about the observer's sighting of a UFO object.

Transcription of the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_________________________________________________________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other _Clear_

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 	Yes	No	Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?	Yes	No	Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?	Yes	No	Don't know
d. Give off smoke?	Yes	No	Don't know
e. Change brightness?	Yes	No	Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?	Yes	No	Don't know
g. Change shape?	Yes	No	Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?	Yes	No	Don't know

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
First it just went high, becoming so small and unidentified.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Buildings.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what in front of: -

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - 
b. Color - Metallic silver or white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
This object was about this size of a small plane, round or disc shaped, moving at tremendous speed.

OCR Text Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
First it just went high, becoming so small and unidentified.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Buildings.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what in front of: -

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - 
b. Color - Metallic silver or white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
This object was about this size of a small plane, round or disc shaped, moving at tremendous speed.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ABOUT 4000 FAST

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ABOUT 60 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

LOOKED LIKE A FAIRLY LARGE, BRIGHT, MOVING STAR, LARGER THAN AVERAGE STAR, MOVING FAIRLY FAST AND STEADILY ACROSS THE SKY.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only illustrations and text. The illustrations include a curved line graph and a compass rose.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Merrill Ashland 
4815 W. Congress Parkway - Chicago, Ill. 60644 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME       
ADDRESS 
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
INDICATE ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF, INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL EXPERIENCE, WHICH MIGHT BE PERTINENT.

An incident that one may remember, occur at any given time, how good it is to describe any matter 'like this' for a possible good outcome

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day
Month
Year

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

FTD (TDE*) 
Wright-Petterson AFB, Ohio 45433
1 June 1966

Chicago, Illinois  60614

Dear [redacted]

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 18 May 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. 

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document describing an observation of a strange object in the sky.

Dear Sirs

On May 18th between the hours of 9-9:30, I looking out in the sky at some planes going by and noticed a balloon type object in the sky. It was round and the light from my flashlight went right through it. It was out of sight to us in a little over a minute.

I mean it (the object) was (end 18 4)

- page 20 -

