The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 25 October 66 26/000/55
2. LOCATION Bellbrook, Ohio (2 witnesses)
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE 55°
8. PHOTOS xx
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE xx
10. CONCLUSION Possible (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted a red, blue and green lights on an object that traveled around the sky. Object was compared to a bright light in a form of a star that was moving as if it was surveying the ground below. At one time it appeared that the object stopped and made a circle.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a typed document from the U.S. Air Force with a questionnaire about an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 25 / 10 / 66
2. Time of day: 7 : 43 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Redfield, City or Town
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 : 10 : 0 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. Overhead e. To your right f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, where a witness is providing details about a UFO sighting.

The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50-100 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A bright light moving rapidly through the sky, would give the same appearance as the object I saw.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this particular page. 

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. Vanished into mountain.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    YES    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    YES    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  Humming
b. Color  Changed from reddish white to clear.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 3/4 of it.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A sketch of a flying saucer-shaped object is included.]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will now proceed to produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
    31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)

Yes No
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] 
AGE 16
SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a sketch or diagram and instructions for the observer.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object was when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and allow any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONLY ONE. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, likely from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text.

As an OCR system, I can extract the following text from the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 31 Day 10 Month 66 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

This object seemed to be surveying the residential area below. It was moving in a zig-zag, erratic manner and appeared to be trying to avoid being detected by its unusual flight characteristics.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically record 10073. The image shows a form with various fields filled out, including the date, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, and physical evidence. The brief summary and analysis indicates that the observer watched a "UFO travel toward the SE" but "never received by observer".

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE : TIME GROUP 26 Oct 66, 21/0100Z
2. LOCATION Bellbrook, Ohio 
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE SE
8. PHOTOS 2 - No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE None
10. CONCLUSIONS Insufficient data

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Received telephone call from Bellbrook, Ohio on 25 Oct 66. Last night he saw a UFO at 8pm going SE. He was looking for a satellite and saw a UFO. He watched it for ten minutes. Color was red then white then blue to green. 
His neighbor saw it too. Sgt Jones asked if he would complete a FTD Form 164, he replied yes so Sgt Jones said he would send two forms, one for himself and one for his neighbor.
FTD Forms 164 were sent on 27 Oct 66.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Few, Mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember 

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a very bright star
c. Other

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a technical information questionnaire used by the U.S. Air Force for investigating UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 2 5 Day Month Year 10 26 
2. Time of day: 4 4 5 Hour Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Hours 10 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Clear b. Cloudy a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. To the front of you b. To the back of you c. To the right d. To the left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTD OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of a UFO object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 8,2 5 0 m.p.h.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoor, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open country side?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Windshield Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Binoculars Yes No, f. Telescope Yes No, g. Theodolite Yes No, h. Other
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

the object appeared similar to a bright glowing white light moving rapidly in the night sky and was visible for approximately 45 seconds. the object made no sound but did travel at an extremely high speed, estimated at over 8,250 mph.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with questions about an unidentified object.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
Vanished instantly like a light turned off.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Loud, high-pitched whine.
b. Color Yellow-white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
About 15% of angular size.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(Drawing of an oval-shaped object with an arrow indicating its direction of movement.)

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document states:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
110

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
BELL BROCK - 9140 u.s.c.r.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] BELLBROOK, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 13 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
22 AUG 66 U.S. OHIO

- page 14 -

The image contains a diagram showing an illustration of a compass. The text below the diagram instructs the viewer to draw a picture that will show the motion of an object or objects, and place an "A" at the beginning of the path and a "B" at the end, indicating any changes in direction during the course.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten responses to a questionnaire.

OCR text:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: _ _ _ _ 31 _ _ _ _ 1 0 _ _ _ _ L.le _ _ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
The shape was some kInd of intelligent being. The object seemed to be surrounding the first one, in a circular path, or motion.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

B. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_____________________________ 

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 17 -

