There is no photograph or image visible in this scanned document. The image shows a form filled out with various project details and an observer's report.

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2 August 65 0300305
2. LOCATION
Springfield, Virginia (2 witnesses)
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
IF
8. PHOTOS
0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 Yes
10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a blue light that moved behind a cloud during the observation. The alleged UFO appeared to make a turn and proceeded in a downward direction.

Dulles International Airport is to the NW of observer, and an aircraft landing on runway 12 could account for the sighting. Report was made by a 5 year old boy.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be held in confidence, and will not be used for any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3 August 1966

2. Time of day: 9:30 Hours Minutes 20

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near Springfield, Fairfax County, VA

5. How long was object in sight? (State Duration) About 15 Seconds

5.1 How was 'time' in sight determined? Heard My Watch on

6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT: Partly Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your left

This form supersedes FTD OCT 55 164, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text visible in the image is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. More b. Less 
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. As a light 

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer

11.1 Compares brightness to some common object.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like bright stars c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know

The text appears to be a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting, with various multiple choice and yes/no questions for the observer to answer.

- page 3 -

There is a photograph present in the image. The photograph appears to show a sketch or diagram of a UFO or unidentified aerial object. The sketch includes labels such as "UFO Appeared Stunted - Shaped" and "Exploded".

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One.)
Yes
A Cloud
No
Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One.)
Yes
No
Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color Blue

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction of motion.
UFO Appeared Stunted - Shaped

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, possibly a UFO report. The page contains a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES (NO) IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES (NO) IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoor d. In an airplane (type) e. Other __

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In the open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you see the object any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. "Like Nothing I ever saw except for one similar to it sighted in Bedford Can. PS."

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch showing an angular diagram with labeled degrees on the curved line, as well as a compass rose. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text found in the document, produced by an OCR system:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes 9/21/1965 Springfield, Va.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes, if you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Mr. Rodger of A.V.C. Springfield, Va.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS: Springfield, Va.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 12
SEX: Boy

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Capt. T. on Dec. 17, sometime last Name

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document, with a form that has been filled out.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 day 1 month 66 year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 8 -

