The image does not contain any photographs. It is a document from Project Blue Book, specifically a "PROJECT 10073 RECORD" form filled out for a UFO sighting on 12 August 66 in Silver Springs, Maryland.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 12 AUGUST 66 13/20/52
2. LOCATION: Silver Springs, Maryland
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 - 15 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: S
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION (ECHO I): Satellite (Echo I) was observed that exceeded Deneb in brightness. Object looked very much like a star, except for the start and stop motion which indicated it was a satellite trailing its appendages in a place where no first appeared.

- page 1 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report addressed to the Department of Air Force regarding a UFO sighting.

The text of the document is as follows:

"Department of the Air Force
Special Project Office U.F.O.'s

Dear Sirs:
This is to report a sighting of an unusual object on August 12, shortly before 11:00 p.m. The circumstances are as follows:
My wife and I were in Silver Spring, Md., exploring for meteors, as it was the night of the annual meteor shower. At approximately 10:55 p.m. I noticed what appeared to be a bright light in the southern sky. It moved very slowly, and appeared to be larger and brighter than a meteor. Its initial location was somewhat between Altair and Deneb. It moved very slowly in a northeasterly direction for several seconds, and then suddenly disappeared. It had adjacent to or following it, a smaller object which followed the same path and also disappeared. The entire situation was somewhat puzzling, and appeared not to fit the pattern of a meteor or shooting star.
It moved a bit further than the apparent diameter of the moon before disappearing. The distance could not be estimated. I was an amateur astronomer, but this event was entirely new to me.
Further information will be of interest.
Sincerely,"

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire regarding a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name and address will be kept in confidence with any statements that you make, so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 27TH AUGUST 1966
2. Time of day: 10:50 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? SLIVER SPRING, MARYLAND
5. How long was object in sight? (Time Duration) 10-15 MINUTES (Circle One): 1. Certain 2. Fairly certain 3. Not very sure 4. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): 1. CLEAR 2. Mostly clear 3. Partly cloudy 4. Bright 5. Night
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): 1. In front of you 2. To your right 3. Behind you 4. Overhead 5. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely an observation report form.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Brighter than usual, b. Dimmer, c. No effect, d. Can't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dim moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Can't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Can't remember

10. The object appeared, (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____unclear description__________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Other ____________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or dart away? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Change direction? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Pulsate or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about the observed object.

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it just disappeared, which block out the object.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes
No
Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes
No
Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Noise
b. Color: Gray-Blue

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About the same size as a quarter/silver dollar (size of match head ratio)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Sketch shows an irregularly shaped object, with no other specific details.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from a project blue book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Over 5,000 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In a military station?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No  e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sunglasses      Yes   No  f. Telescope       Yes   No  
c. Windshield     Yes   No  g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No  h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It contains a visual aid with a compass and instructions for sketching the path and motion of an observed object. However, there is no photograph present on this particular page.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arrayed, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR OUTPUT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 

NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Max ssxxxx   Route 1, Box 16c, Silver Spring, Md.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted
ADDRESS: Redacted
Street City State Zone 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted 
AGE: 35 SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I was fishing in my boat about 100 yards off shore when I see this strange silvery object hovering over the water. It hovered silently for several minutes and then suddenly shot straight up into the sky at a terrific speed. I was really shook up and didn't know what to think. I haven't been able to explain what I saw.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Nov 15, 1966 to PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, with handwritten text.

The text visible in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2-77-16 Aug. 1966 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
It is indicated in the center, i.e. came to the fence (metal) behind the house and hovered a short distance above the ground, and then shot straight up and out of sight - but looked very much like a disc-shaped, silvery object, silent, no exhaust at apparent to remain static, and when it shot up and out of sight it took only a few seconds. It hovered as if studying the area, and this was a little hard to make out. The witness was working the garden and had a good look at this object from a very close distance, about 80 feet. The witness was not shaken by the sighting, but this was a little hard to make out. The witness was working the garden and had a good look at this object from a very close distance, about 80 feet. The witness was not shaken by the sighting, but this was in little while to watch.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with text.

Text extracted from the document:

PJTO (DETR) 4c
AIR UNIVERSITY LIBRARY, Ohio 45433
21 August 1966

Washington, D. C. 20037

Dear

The information in your letter was not sufficient for conclusive identification. Request you complete the attached PJD form 154 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chiefs Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

