The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO project report, likely from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT: 10/5 RECORD
1. TIME GROUP: 10:35 - 11:00 (1/9/66) 
2. LOCATION: San Pedro, California
3. SOURCE:
4. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECTS:
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Northwest
8. PHOTOS: —
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The observer reported that the object appeared as a light, brighter than the brightness of stars. The object descended in a northwest direction.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Dear Sirs, I have registered your Project Blue book to study my case. This should be case number 4. We have reported this to the U.S.O. we have talked to the representative of the U.S.O. one Catalina, on November 30, 1956. On November 30, 1956 about 8:43 p.m. we sighted an unidentified flying object. It was a bright light in the sky over Catalina. The object hovered there for about ten minutes. It then moved down towards the coast of Catalina and was lost from sight. Shortly after another unidentified flying object came from the southwest toward the northeast. It was about the size of a plane but moved at a much greater speed. It passed over Catalina in about 5 to 10 seconds and disappeared from sight. We would like you to investigate this incident. Please let us know if you need any more information. Sincerely.

- page 2 -

The image contains a form titled "Official U.S. Air Force" that appears to be part of a project blue book UFO report document. The form includes questions about the observed object, such as whether it disappeared, moved behind something, or moved in front of something. There is also a request for the witness to draw a picture of the object, but the image provided does not contain any drawings or photographs.

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? .Yes .No_/ 720

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? .Yes .No (Circle One) Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? .Yes .No (Circle One) Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Size _ 1-2' l- a_ _ ___ 
b. Color __ ,'h•'_te-.,. _S_· -~_e_ry_b_r_i_g_h_t____ 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match stick. If you find performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object was covered by the match stick?

19. Please a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that will help identify it, such as fins, wings, etc. Also indicate the direction of the object's motion, as well as any background features such as horizon, sky conditions, etc.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions related to UFO sightings.

UFO form continued
Page 4

1. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES CNO
2. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
3. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES CNO
4. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
5. Where were you located when you saw the object? O Inside a building
O On the street
O Outdoors
O At an observation site (Type)
O At work
O Other
6. Were you (Circle One) O In the business section of a city?
O In the residential section of a city?
O In a rural area?
O Near an airfield?
O Flying over, open country?
O Other

7. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE at the time, then complete the following question: 
7-1. What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N S E W Northwest Southwest Northeast

8. Did you observe the object through any of the following? O Binoculars O Yes No 
O Telescope O Yes No
O Windshield O Yes No
O Window glass O Yes No
O Other O Yes No

9. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or material which would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A round glowing object, orange in color and pulsating.

OCR output:
UFO form continued
Page 4

1. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES C NO 
2. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
3. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES C NO
4. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
5. Where were you located when you saw the object? O Inside a building
O On the street
O Outdoors
O At an observation site (Type)
O At work
O Other
6. Were you (Circle One) O In the business section of a city?
O In the residential section of a city?
O In a rural area?
O Near an airfield?
O Flying over, open country?
O Other

7. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE at the time, then complete the following question:
7-1. What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N S E W Northwest Southwest Northeast

8. Did you observe the object through any of the following? O Binoculars O Yes No
O Telescope O Yes No
O Windshield O Yes No
O Window glass O Yes No
O Other O Yes No

9. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or material which would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A round glowing object, orange in color and pulsating.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" that contains fields for capturing details about a reported UFO sighting, such as the time, location, and observed characteristics of the object.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
Page 1
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP) that you have observed. Please complete this form to the best of your ability. Do not send drawings, clippings, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information is not to be used for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Record date /4 / /39 6<5' Time: (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

2. Time Zone:
(Circle One) (Standard
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific

3. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Downey, Memorial

4. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours Minutes 1_0 Seconds

5.1 How certain are you as to the identification of the object?
a) Fairly certain
b) Just a guess

5.2 Was the object in sight continuously?
Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a) Day
b) Night
c) Cloudy
d) Hazy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. To front of object
b. To right of object
c. To back of object
d. To left of object

FID FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 165, 1 Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph or image present on this page, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

8. If you saw the object at night, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More 
b. Less
c. Same
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. Hazy or light
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDY (Circle One):
a. None
b. Heavy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Overcast, heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid 
b. Transparent 
c. Dull - not bright

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1. If brighter, how much brighter to same common object? 
The aircraft was unusually bright.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined 
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time?   Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and move away at any time?  Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?   Yes No Don't know
d. Change shape?   Yes No Don't know
e. Flash on and off?   Yes No Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear?   Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It shows a handwritten document titled "UFO form continued" with text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

UFO form continued
Sighted at approximately 7:55 pm November 8, 1966, San Pedro, California. Object was very large, circular in shape, with lights around the periphery. The object hovered over the area for approximately 1-2 minutes, then accelerated and climbed straight up until it was out of sight. It made no sound, did not have any type wings, and gave the impression that it was under intelligent control. The object seemed to be approximately 500 meters across. I watched this object with 4 other witnesses and we were all very puzzled as to what it could be. I've never seen anything like it in the sky before.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 7
34. Have you completed this questionnaire? E
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or in a narrative explanation of your sighting.
The object was round and appeared to be rotating at a high speed. It was traveling in an erratic course, making sharp turns and changing directions rapidly. It appeared to be under intelligent control, the motion was too precise to be a natural object. It had a steady glow, not flashing, and no sound was heard. It was visible for about 5 minutes. It seemed to come from the Northwest and traveled Southwest. We were watching a meteor shower at the time, and this object seemed to be much closer and of a different nature. Nothing familiar, no aircraft or satellite. A weather balloon or some natural explanation seems unlikely. This was an unusual and impressive sight.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form that has been filled out.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location. Yes
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses. [redacted]
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 19 SEX: [redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Today - February 16, 1966 - saw the object

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document and contains a diagram and instructions related to reporting UFO sightings. While the image does not contain any photographs, it displays a diagram showing a compass with instructions on how to describe the motion and direction of an observed object.

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and draw any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a typed report from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

HEAD SIGHTINGS - NOT CC 
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION SUBMITTED THRU CHANNELS
13 December 1966
SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING - Beverly, Massachusetts - 11/15/66
DATE: 13 December 1966
FROM: Raymond E. Fowler
CHAIRMAN'S SIFTING MASS SUVCOM
TO: NICAP
Washington, D.C.
CC: AFSC-PID (TDPTH)
Congressian M. all. Bates
ATTENTION: Richard Hall, Assistant Director
SIGHTING BACKGROUND: 
I met Dr. Richard Symmes after lecturing to a group at the First Unitarian Church in Beverly, Massachusetts on 11/15/66. Dr. Symmes dispatched investigator George Skypeck to interview me re: a sighting of a strange object they had made the previous night. This object was tracked on RADAR 17:55 and sighted near the Beverly area about six miles away from them in the Northwest. The object was about the size of a full moon and appeared glow with a yellow-orange colored light around the periphery. It made some jerking motions and then while looking away, the object apparently vanished.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT: 
Dr. Symmes and Mr. Burkes were hunting duck in a small boat off the direction of Beverly shortly after 5:30 PM when they noticed a strange object in the sky some six miles away in the Northwest. The object was about the size of the full moon and appeared to glow with a yellow-orange colored light around the periphery. It made some jerking motions and then while looking away, the object apparently vanished.

EVALUATION:
It is hard to say just what was observed. Neither observer was able to determine the distance or size of the object, which would have moved quite a distance in fifteen minutes if the lower of the distance estimates is correct. There is insufficient evidence to indicate that this sighting involved an extraterrestrial vehicle. The object appeared and disappeared in a manner which suggests that it was some natural phenomenon the nature of which is not clear from the information received for this time and date.

Respectfully submitted,
Raymond E. Fowler
CHAIRMAN'S SIFTING MASS SUBCOM

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a filled-out questionnaire from an "U.S. Air Force Technical Information" form, likely related to a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.
1. When did you see the object? 30 11 1966
2. Time of day: 5:00 and 45 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? San Pedro California
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 12 Hours Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _ No X
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) a. DAY: Clear Hazy b. NIGHT: Clear Hazy Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your left e. Behind you f. Don't remember

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document titled "REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)" from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena.

Here is the text from the document:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

This form includes questions asked by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Consultant to the United States Air Force, and additional questions which may be asked by other investigating agencies. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our evaluation report will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine. In deference to Government regulations, these may be answered as much as possible. Should you indicate a desire for anonymity, your identity will be protected.

1. Name: MR. RICHARD SYMMES
Address: 112 PICKWICK ROAD, MIDDLEBURG, VIRGINIA

2. Telephone: 703-753-5932
3. Date of Observation: November 15, 1966
4. Locality of Observation: BEVERLY, MASS.
5. How long did you see the object? 15 MINUTES
6. Please describe weather conditions and the type of day, i.e., day, night, dusk, etc. PARTLY CLOUDY
7. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: SUN WAS 17° TO NORTHEAST, 30° ABOVE HORIZON 
8. If seen at night, what were the lighting conditions? IF SO, PLEASE TELL HOW MANY, AND DRAW A SKETCH OF WHAT YOU SAW, INDICATING THEIR POSITIONS WITH RESPECT TO ONE ANOTHER. THERE APPEAR TO BE MORE THAN ONE OBJECT
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, was it revolving, did it appear structured like a craft, etc. OBJECT APPEARED TO BE SOLID, APPEARED TO BE ECHOING. LIGHT RAY SEEMED TO BE COMING FROM IT.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? YES, BRIGHTER
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, other well-known objects if possible. NOT AS BRIGHT AS SUN, BUT VERY BRIGHT. NO COMPARISON WITH OTHER BRIGHT OBJECTS
12. Did the object(s) ---
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES, 15 MINUTES
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? NO
c. Break up into parts or explode? NO
d. Leave any visible trail? NO
e. Change color? NO
f. Disappear and reappear? NO
g. Give off any smoke, exhaust or other visible effluents? NO
13. Did the object(s) pass in front of, or behind of, anything? IF SO, PLEASE ELABORATE, GIVING DISTANCES, SIZE, ETC, IF POSSIBLE.
14. Was there any wind? YES, NORTH EAST AT 20 KNOTS
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, binoculars, telescope, etc.? NO
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? NO WHAT KIND? HOW LOUD?
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) ---
a. Round or spherical: YES
b. Disc or saucer-shaped: NO
c. Like a bright star: NO

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

18. Was the object --  
a. Self-luminous? Yes  
b. Dull, hazy, or transparent? Yes 
c. Transparent? Yes

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? No

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:  
a. Pea  
b. Dime  
c. Silver dollar  
d. Grapefruit  
Larger

21. Or, if smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length. 1 inch

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Hunting

23. What did the object(s) disappear from view? Left to right, across the area

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft of the same apparent altitude. Faster

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please state.  No

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? 20° Please mark on this hemisphere sketch:  
Margin and indistinct of any drawings, if any. As A. Brown P.R., Dallas, 1.3 showroom Rd., Coliseum.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North; your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction the object(s) moved, its path, size, color, shape, and other pertinent data. However, Wildlife, refuelled, and other information deleted.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Beverly Airport, USAF ANGB

31. USAF 298/ROUTE CLEARANCE OFFICER: Report USAF ANGB BEVERLY stated only negative details here; no sightings observed, details described, or data other than negative response indorsed. We will return the material to you if requested.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and comment) which might corroborate your observation. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the names, if possible, and details as to where and when the questioning took place. No

34. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please disregard carefully. No

The text was extracted and provided as-is from the scanned document image.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a hand-drawn diagram or sketch depicting some sort of object in the sky, labeled as an "overcast" with "very bright shimmering" elements.

OCR output:
overcast
<- very bright shimmering

- page 15 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image contains a handwritten document that appears to be part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

18 Nov 1966
20 Can-

Dear Sir:

About the same time that the 10:52 blast report, there was a bright light, moving straight up at about 45 degrees and then planing off in a horizontal direction. It was moving very fast and upward. About the same time as this light appeared to be moving, I heard a tremendous blast, loud as a cannon. It was about 20 to 30 seconds after I saw the light moving that I heard the sound. There are three years ago I noticed the same field of about two or three yards across out in my backyard at home. I'm wondering whether a sizable communication system working on some unknown radio energy, and a communicator had landed commission. I have the distinct impression when this light was running that there was some connection with the noise. It is my firm belief that they have used some kind of very high frequency to explode the B52. The government authorities have asked me not to discuss this any further. So be that in this end, the gist of the explosion.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document with handwritten notes.

1 copy est
1 Copy - Project Blue Book
Original - Go 6.6 - Information Division 
Given Dist, Hq USAF 6112
Sgt Little
20 nov 6o

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document.

Dear sir: 
- ent about the matter on the 5th you mentioned the man that came in and talked to me said he had seen an unusual light in the sky. Well I saw that light too. It was a most unusual thing and I am quite sure that it was not an ordinary object like an aircraft or anything like that. I am quite certain that it was not. The light came down low and very near and then went up again and then disappeared. It happened very quickly, in just a matter of a few seconds. I was quite startled by it and watched it very closely. I am quite sure it was not an ordinary aircraft and I have seen a great many aircraft in my time. I am most certain it was something very unusual and out of the ordinary. I would be very interested to know if anyone else saw it and what they thought about it. I would greatly appreciate it if you could let me know if there were any other reports of this unusual light. I am very much interested in this matter and would like to know more about it if possible. I hope you will be able to get some information on this for me. Thank you very much and I would greatly appreciate hearing from you.
Sincerely yours,

- page 18 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains handwritten text.

P.S.--The handwritten text on the page states:
"P.S. Information given verbal reported in memo of 1962 from our national center to local area centers of investigation of above."

- page 19 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. The sketch depicts a curved or elliptical shape labeled "Curve of Motion" and a light source or beam of light labeled "Light". There is also some additional text below the diagram that reads "The 5 sides".

OCR Text Output:
Curve of Motion
The 5 sides.
24

- page 20 -

The image contains a form titled "ORCE UFO FORM" which appears to be a document used for reporting UFO sightings. There is no photograph present in this image, only the text of the form.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

3. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
A. STARS(Circle One): More - Same - Less
B. MOON(Circle One): Bright - Light - Dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Hazy - Partly Cloudy - Overcast
WI ND: Light
RAIN: Drizzle
STARS: Visible

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) A. Solid B. Transparent C. Vary

11. If it appeared on a flight, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): Yes No

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One) Oval Circular Rectangular Other (sketch)
REPORT 6 FT DIA. 2 FT THICK. MOVED ERRATICALLY BUT BRIGHTENING NOTICBLV.

13. Did the object:
A. Appear to stand still at any time?
Yes No Don't know
B. Suddenly speed up and slow down every minute?
Yes No Don't know
C. Give off smoke?
Yes No Don't know
D. Give off sparks?
Yes No Don't know
E. Change brightness?
Yes No Don't know
F. Disappear and reappear?
Yes No Don't know

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" which appears to be a questionnaire form for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena.

Text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared to obtain information as much as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be kept confidential and will be used for internal use only. It will not be distributed, discussed, or publications without your permission. We request that the personal information as listed is for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 23 NOV 1966 
2. Time of day: 4:45 A.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object: SAN PEDRO, CALIFORNIA City or Town State or County
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 12 0 Sec.
5.1 Was the object in sight continuously? WATCH (YES)
5.2 Was it lost from sight and then seen again? NO
6. What was the condition of the sky? CLOUDS IN EAST (SIGHTING IN SITOR)
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? D. Don't remember

- page 22 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Plane
b. Many
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear, sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11. As a light, object was, (please circle as bright as the moon, but smaller)

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away or any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Hover? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 23 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes  No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 400 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes  No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2.5 MI.

22. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Outside a building
c. In a car
d. Elsewhere (type) a. home

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving in mph? - 

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what you observed. If a drawing was made, would you say that a more accurate representation on the object which you saw?

MY AIRPLANE BEST UNDERWAY BE FLYING BOTH WAYS. AT 1 TRAVEL.

- page 24 -

The image contains a diagram and some handwritten notes, but no photograph. The diagram appears to be an "Official U.S. Air Force" diagram with instructions for indicating the location and movement of an object or objects.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine they were at the point shown. Place an "A" on the arrow line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you first saw it.
"M"
75°
"N"
"IS" NOT SURE 
"B" POSITIVE

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

SOFTLY UP
SOFTLY UP AND GOING ALL THE WAY
13 MIN COME OUT 5 FEET 1 MIN

- page 25 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
31.1. YES, YES
31.2 PLEASE - I WANT COPY OF THEIR ANSWER
32. Please give a brief description about yourself:
NAME* - REDACTED
ADDRESS - REDACTED, CA 90617 
TELEPHONE NUMBER - REDACTED
I HAVE SEEN IT AND WOULD LIKE WHEN QUESTIONS
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
DEC 6
Month
Year

- page 26 -

The image contains a photograph of a filled-out Project Blue Book UFO report form. There is no human face visible in the image.

Transcription of the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, then a hole cloud went across

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell when.
A cloud Went across it.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape Irregular bright light
b. Color Light
c. Brightness Bright
d. Sound None

18. We wish to be sure we understand completely. In your own words, tell us again what you saw. Please be as clear and complete as possible.
Object sighted at 8:45 PM on 11/8/66. Bright white light, in irregular shape, moving slowly in a horizontal direction. Disappeared behind a cloud and reappeared shortly after. This happened several times. Duration of sighting was approximately 5-10 minutes.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the shape, size, number and other characteristics. Please do not simply scribble but use a reasonable degree of skill to give us your impression of what you saw.
[Sketch of an irregularly shaped, bright white light]

- page 27 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a filled-out UFO form.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes, 400 MPH
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes, 2.5 MILE
22. Where was the object in relation to the object? In the business section of a city
23. Did you observe the object through any of the following? No binoculars, No sun glasses, No telescope, Yes, Other: AIRPLANE BOTH WAYS BE FLY ING EX--T TRAN
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: Yes
24.1. What direction were you moving? Northeast
24.2. How fast were you moving? 25 MPH
24.3. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? No binoculars, No sun glasses, Yes telescope, No Trachlight

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a filled-out U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire form.

Transcription of the text from the form:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared to that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possible can. The information that you give will be treated confidentially and will be used only for official purposes. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 23 NOV 1966

2. Time of day: 0945 (Circle one) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? SAN PEDRO, CALIF PORT REGION, CABRILLO COUNTY, CA.

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 12-0 SEC

5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCH

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? NO

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY CLOUDS IN EAST (FIGHTING IN SLIGHT MOTION)

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

FTD GSFO3 104 This form supersedes FTD 164 Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically an "ORCE UFO FORM" used to collect information about unidentified flying object sightings.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 9

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Cloudy
c. Hazy
d. Raining
e. Snowing
f. Windy
g. Fog, mist, or light rain

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Brightness to same as common object

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Sharply outlined
b. Blurry

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?              YES   NO   Don't know
b. Drift or sway in any direction?                   YES   NO   Don't know
c. Speed up at any time?                            YES   NO   Don't know
d. Slow down at any time?                           YES   NO   Don't know
e. Change shape?                                   YES   NO   Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?                                  YES   NO   Don't know

- page 30 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a unidentified flying object (UFO) in the sky. The image shows a disc-shaped object that is described in the accompanying text as having been observed by an individual named Cornwail, who has reportedly joined the UFO club.

Text from the document:

CORNWALL, FLYING OBJECT 
SEEN IN SKY AT OCEAN 
View OF UFO TAKEN 
Cornwail said the UFO appeared suddenly in the sky as he was working in the field. It hovered over the stormy sea for a few moments, then moved rapidly upwards and out of sight. 
The object was disc-shaped, shiny and metallic in color, but did not glow or shine. It seemed quite large in comparison to the objects around it. Other people in the area also saw the flying object, but did not get pictures. 
Cornwail rushed to his home and got his camera. He said the UFO did not reappear, but he wanted to try and get a picture anyway. He said he was excited and eager to capture the strange craft on film. In his darkroom, Cornwail later carefully developed the film, and found that he had indeed photographed the UFO as it hovered over the ocean.
The image in the photograph clearly shows the disc-shaped object in the sky.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The document contains a UFO form that appears to have been filled out, with various questions and checkboxes related to an observed UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No
If you answered YES, then what would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Yes
No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. About what time of day were you looking at the object? (Circle One)
In the daytime
At night
In the evening
At dawn or dusk
Other: _____

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In a business center of a city?
b. In an open countryside?
c. Near an airport?
d. Flying over open country?
e. Other:

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 Which direction were you moving? (Circle One)
North
Northeast
East
Southeast
South
Southwest
West
Northwest
24.2 Approximately what speed were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
Yes
No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
Binoculars
Yes
No
Telescope
Yes
No
Theodolite
Yes
No
Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a comparison which, if this object were placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
It was a very bright, and stayed without any moving.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely a Project Blue Book report, with text questions and responses.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the subject disappear while you were watching it? if so, how?
(  ) Yes  (  ) No  (  ) Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what happened.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)    Yes     No     Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what happened.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)    Yes     No     Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what happened.

17. Tell in a few words the shape of the object
a. Round      b. Oval      c. Oblong      d. Irregular
e. Other (describe)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length so its length is just equal to the object's width. How many times would the match length fit into the object's width? 
4 1/2 

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object as it appeared. Locate and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can remember, such as wings, tail, exhaust trail, or other distinguishing features. Show the direction the object was moving.
SE RRO RD AS Z FLIGHT E
ELECTRIC build resolve IN A CURVED ROCK.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a space for a drawn sketch at the bottom.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): 
Yes    No    Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes    No    Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color: Icy white with rainbow colors. 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment, what would you have said the angular size was? Roughly: 2x match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

CATALINA

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a page from a UFO report document called the "ORCE UFO FORM". The form contains various questions and checkboxes related to reporting sightings of unidentified flying objects, including questions about the appearance, behavior, and characteristics of the observed object.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page ?

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One:)
a. More
b. Less
c. Same
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One:)
a. Bright as usual
b. Dimmer than usual
c. Brighter than usual
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One:)
a. Cloudy
b. Hazy
c. Partly cloudy
d. Scattered clouds
e. Overcast
f. Clear
g. Fog, mist, or light rain
h. Moderate or heavy rain
i. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One:)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Luminous

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One:)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to same common object: ___________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One:) 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
e. Flare or flicker? Yes No Don't know
f. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an official U.S. Air Force document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR".

Here is the text extracted from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any information you provide, unless it is deemed necessary, in which case we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11 - 06 - 65 2. Time Seen: (Circle One): a. Morning b. Afternoon c. Evening d. Night 3. Where were you when you saw the object? Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif.

4. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Minutes 3 Seconds 5.1 How was time of sight determined? Watch 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _

6. What was the condition of the sky? CLEAR - HAZY DAYLIGHT 

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right

PTC-CSC-164 This form supersedes PTD 164, 1 Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 36 -

The image appears to contain a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It includes two sketches - one showing a simplified diagram illustrating the concept of an observer's horizon, and another depicting a compass-like navigational diagram. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the objects were above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw them. Place an "X" on the same curved line to show how high the objects were when you last saw them.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, and an "o" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and locations. NO
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses. 
Mr + Mrs NIC M. MASTERS
626 - 1 
ARAKIN, [UNREADABLE] 90712
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME ___ REDACTED ___ Middle Initial ___ REDACTED ___ First Name ___ REDACTED ___
ADDRESS ___ REDACTED ___ City ___ REDACTED ___ State ___ REDACTED ___ Zone ___ REDACTED ___
TELEPHONE ___ REDACTED ___
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I is 45. NAVY vet. MARRIED U.S. SECREOTARY.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
NOV. 6028 1966

- page 38 -

This image does not contain a photograph, but rather it appears to be a page from a scanned document. The document is an official U.S. Air Force questionnaire, and it contains handwritten text describing an unidentified sighting in the sky.

The text in the document reads as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 Apr 62
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

FIRST SIGHTED IT IN THE SKY BECAUSE IT WAS BRIGHTER THAN THE SURROUNDING STARS. IT REMAINED LIGHT LONGER THAN THE SURROUNDING STARS AND MADE NO SOUND AS THEY KNOW WHAT IT WOULD BE.

BUT LIKE HUNDREDS OF IT BECAUSE IT COULD BE WATCHED OR IT MOVED STEADILY FOR ABOUT 15 MINUTES AND SUDDENLY IT MOVED IN THE SKY AND REMAINED THERE SEVERAL SECONDS. IT APPEARED THEN IT DISAPPEARED, AND SOME TIMES WOULD SOME TIMES MOVE RAPIDLY SHOW. THE BRIGHTNESS OF IT SOMETIMES VERY BRIGHT, AND SOMETIMES QUITE DIM.

SOME TIMES QUITE STILL FOR ABOUT A MINUTE OR MORE TO THOSE AN NOT MOVE. BESIDE IT WAS NOT LIKE ANY OBJECT I HAVE EVER SEEN. IT WAS DEFINITELY NOT AN AIRPLANE OR SATELLITE THAT I AM FAMILIAR WITH.

- page 39 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten text document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to produce the text found in the document:

Dear sir,
I am writing you this report on a UFO sighting I had last night. It was approximately 8:30 P.M. and I was standing in my backyard looking up at the stars. Suddenly, a bright light appeared in the sky, traveling at a very fast rate of speed. It seemed to be metallic and oval shaped. The light was brilliant white in color and emitted no sound whatsoever. As it traveled across the sky, it made a sudden 90 degree turn and then accelerated at an incredible speed, disappearing from sight within a matter of seconds. 

The entire incident lasted less than a minute, but I was able to observe the object clearly. I am a former Air Force pilot and I can say with certainty that this was no conventional aircraft. The speed, maneuverability and lack of any exhaust or sound lead me to believe this was some kind of advanced aerospace vehicle, possibly of extraterrestrial origin.

I hope this report is helpful in your investigation of this incident. Please let me know if you require any additional information from me.

Sincerely,
[Signature illegible]

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1 - 14 DECEMBER 1966 SIGHTINGS

DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
Dec 1 Herndon, Florida - Insufficient Data
Dec 1 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - Insufficient Data
Dec 1 Delaware Memorial Bridge, Delaware - Insufficient Data 
Dec 2 Beachwood, New Jersey - Insufficient Data
Dec 2 San Mateo, California - Insufficient Data (Ground Lights)
Dec 3 Honda Canyon Road, California - Aircraft (Possible)
Dec 3 Minneapolis, Minnesota - Insufficient Data (ASTRO)
Dec 6 Holly Hill, Florida - Astro (STARS)
Dec 12 Rouma, Louisiana - Astro (STARS)
Dec 13 Springfield, Ohio - Aircraft (Possible)
Dec 13 California, Nevada - Other (GROUND LTS)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
Dec - Wichita Falls, Texas (PHOTO) Chemical or Vapor
Dec - Denver, Colorado (PHOTO) Chemical or Vapor
Dec - Iron Rapids, Michigan (PHOTO) Chemical or Vapor
Dec - Colfax, Ohio (PHOTO) Chemical or Vapor
Dec - Middleboro Center, Massachusetts (PHOTO) Chemical or Vapor
Dec - Miles City, Kansas (PHOTO) Chemical or Vapor
Dec - New Milford, Pennsylvania S. O. PHIL., NEW JERSEY (PHOTO) Chemical or Vapor

- page 41 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official document or report from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a questionnaire or interview form related to a UFO sighting.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image, the output is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. On an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 42 -

This page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book contains a diagram and some instructions, but does not appear to contain any photographs.

The text of the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show the angle of the object when you first saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90*
75*
60*
45*
30*
15*
0*

N
W E
S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 43 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph included in this page. 

From the text in the document, the OCR output is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
n.c

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE [Redacted] SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am very interested in U.F.O.S. And read 1073 on books about them.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? My Parents
Day    Month    Year
[Redacted] [Redacted]  [Redacted]

- page 44 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text in the document states:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 7 15 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
[Handwritten text]: No photo - Unindentified object sighted, appeared to change direction and disappear.

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBT/UFO                                                                   15 March 1967
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 30 Nov 66
TO: Mr.
San Pedro, California 90732

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which
we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation
because you omitted the attached UFO Form 14 and return it
to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANAFF, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
UFOB Form 14

- page 46 -

