The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 JULY 66 11/0852
2. LOCATION: Coldwater, Ohio (3 Witnesses)
3. SUBJECT: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: SW
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Auto (MOON) (JAH)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer noticed quite bright orange colored object in the SW sky. At the time a cigar shaped object appeared to go in from the east to the west. Observer believes a humming sound was heard during the observation.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a scanned document that appears to be a letter from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified observation reported on July 29, 1966 in Coldwater, Ohio.

PTD (DAYTON) AE
VIA: AIR PATROLMAN APO, OHIO 49433 
2 SEPTEMBER 1966

Coldwater, Ohio 45828
Dear Sir:

Reference your unidentified observation of 29 July 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for us to determine the nature of the observation.

Form 1 and return it in the envelope provided. We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a document or report.

MEMO FOR TDES, MAJ QUINTANILLA
30 JULY 1966
1. Received a call from Dayton Daily News representative Mr. (telephone number redacted) at 1255 hrs 30 July 1966. He stated that he had received a call on the evening of 29 July 1966 from a UFO observer who had sighted in the Coldwater area. It was an "orangish" object, and she reported it several times.
2. Mr. (redacted) was interested in whether or not we had any further information on this or any other reports of UFO sightings in the Coldwater area. He asked that a Project BLUE BOOK representative call him on Tuesday, 2 August.
3. No mention was made of the UFO reported on 29 July 1966 to the Duty Officer at Headquarters, An AIRMIX Form 164 was not completed on the Coldwater report as there was no specific information.

THOMAS J. MCCLELLAND
LT THOMAS J. MCCLELLAND
DUTY OFFICER, 30 JULY 1966

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire that was filled out to gather information about a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications. We request this personal information so that we may follow up with you for additional details.

1. When did you see the object? 59' Year

2. Time of day: 5:26 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Daylight Saving f. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Coldwater, Ohio

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated by clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT
a. Clear b. Cloudy c. Not clear but not cloudy it was dark

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your back e. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 144, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Don't remember, d. Bright stars, e. Normal stars
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, d. Can't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clearsky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, c. About the same, d. Dimmer

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply outlined, c. Don't remember, d. Other

13. Did the object ... (Circle One for each): a. Appear to stand still at any time?, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away?, c. Break up into parts or explode?, d. Give off smoke?, e. Change shape?, f. Flash or flicker?, g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 5 -

The image appears to show a page from an old UFO report document as part of Project Blue Book. It does not contain a photograph, but rather a series of handwritten text responses to questions about the observed object.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object appeared to split and disappear.

15. Did the object behave in any way that indicated intelligence? (Circle one.)
Yes?No. Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:
The object appeared to split and disappear.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one.)
Yes? No. Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:
The object passed over some clouds during observation.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound A humming noise.
b. Color Bright orange.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
No additional information provided.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object (s) such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially outline trails or vapor trails.
The sketch shows two orange shapes, one labeled "Bright" and the other "Bright elongated", with a trail or vapor trail coming from the elongated shape.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that includes a questionnaire about a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  Yes  No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes  No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _50 miles__

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other __________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other __________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? __miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes  No
b. Sun glasses Yes  No
c. Windshield Yes  No
d. Window glass Yes  No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: 
Red lighter plane at a high altitude with a white point

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It contains a diagram and instructions related to observing and documenting UFO sightings. The diagram includes a compass rose and instructions for estimating the height of an observed object above the horizon based on its position in the sky. There is also a section where the observer is asked to draw the path of multiple objects if more than one was observed.

Transcription of text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction along the course.

Left -----A-----> Right

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there? CAh,1,1aa,, (4,. -2faa..,
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. 

Left -----> Right

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

My [redacted] did not identify - he saw the object also.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted] First Name [redacted] Middle Name
ADDRESS [redacted] Street [redacted] City [redacted] State [redacted] Zone  
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 33 SEX Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 30 Day 1966 Year To the Military - made report to the [redacted] Air Force Base, but did not receive any additional information or documentation concerning this sighting.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains a form or questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 Day Sept Month 1966 Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

Dear Sir:
This is in reply to your letter regarding the sighting of the ------- unidentified aerial phenomena.
Since cery-Respect-ully

- page 11 -

