The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project 10073 Record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 18 August 65 19/0500Z
2. LOCATION: Xenia, Dayton, Ohio (Multiple)
3. SOURCE: Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Few Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: E
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEOR) ✓

The text in the document provides a brief summary and analysis of the observed object, indicating that it appeared to be a meteor sighting with the object falling towards the ground and displaying white, blue, orange, and red colors.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcribed from the document:

19 August 1966

0745
Received telephone call from Mrs. XXXXX, Xenia, Ohio.
She and her husband saw a light down to the ground, blue-green, observed it for seconds, went out before it hit the ground. Lit up the whole area. Observed at 11:50 p.m. 18 August 66, looking east. Said she would fill out form 16h if we mailed them to her. 16h Sent.

0739
Received a telephone call from XXXXX, United Press, Columbus, Ohio. She wanted to know how far South and West that the meteors were seen last night. Informed her that we had not received any reports as yet from last night.

1400
Received a call from XXXXX of Huber Heights area. Wanted to know if anyone had reported any meteorites last night, shortly before midnight. Object looked like it came down real near, saw it through the window, sparks, appeared to be going N to S, she didn't know who to call first. She was looking east when she observed object. Mrs. XXXXX said she would fill out a form as best as she could in order for us to send it to XXXXX Her address: XXXXX Dayton, Ohio (meteor form sent 19 August 1966).

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a textual document, specifically a "Fireball Report" from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

FIREBALL REPORT
Persons observing a fireball or meteor should report the information to the American Meteor Society. The information desired is contained below.

A very brilliant meteor or fireball passed in your vicinity on... possible, and due credit given. It is only by the help of those who can give personal information that this data can be secured for the investigation of such phenomena. These incidents are of extreme scientific interest and should be reported to the American Meteor Society in order that permanent records of such phenomena may be obtained. Without reports from observers the records will be incomplete.

(1) Give your name and address: 
(2) Where were you when you saw the meteor? (If the town is small please give county as well.) 
(3) Give the date, hour and minute when the meteor appeared; also kind of time used.
(4) To what direction did it appear or in what direction was it first seen?
(5) In what direction did it disappear or in what direction was it last seen? For questions 4 and 5, simply N, S, E, or W is not accurate enough, unless these were the exact directions. If compass is used, state if true or magnetic compass has been applied to compare reading.
(6) At what height did it appear? (Use degrees in answering.)
(7) At what height did it disappear? (Use degrees in answering.)
(8) Did it pass directly overhead (i.e., through the zenith)?
(9) If not, to which side of the zenith did it go, and how far from it? (Use degrees in answering.)
(10) Did it appear to reach the horizon? What sort of a horizontal path did it follow?
(11) What angle did the path of the meteor make with the horizon and in which direction was it then going?
(12) If you are familiar with constellations describe the path of the meteor through the sky with reference to them.
(13) Did the meteor appear to explode?
(14) What was the duration of its flight in seconds?
(15) Describe the trail, if any, that it left. If it lasted long enough to show drift, most carefully tell in what direction train drifted. Give sketch, if possible, showing this with regard to horizon.
(16) What was the duration of the train in seconds?
(17) Did you hear any sound? How long after seeing the meteor was it before you heard this sound?
(18) Did you hear an actual explosion? How long after seeing the explosion was it before you heard it?
(19) Did you color see the meteor? To what color did the meteor appear to be?
(20) What was the size of the meteor? (Compare it with the Moon or with a planet or star.)
(21) Was more than one body seen before the explosion (if any)?
(22) What was condition of sky at time?
(23) Give names and addresses of others who saw the meteor.
Please mail this reply to
Narberth, Pennsylvania 19072

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you observed. This information they you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you answer as many questions as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8-8-66

2. Time of day: 11:55
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): e. Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Xenia, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Minutes 5-10 Seconds a. Certain

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
ZZiv4 minutes a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: b. Bright
NIGHT: b. Cloudy 

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): c. To your right

FTD OCT 62 164

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or survey form that the observer filled out.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. For. nis, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [Handwritten response]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke or exhaust? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It just seemed to disappear, just the light went out, as if hit the ground, or went behind trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Seemed to be a light, no sound here, we seen it last.
b. Color Bright white light, left light, the bluish there change.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Seems a greatest, it's very almost 5.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Seems it was a light it would be difficult to draw a picture but here is drawn in relation to what we seen at that time.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcribing the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _miles_

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Open country/fields? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other ________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Left corner of the fire well go red on the forth at night.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing diagrams and instructions for the observer.

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

The individual answers "No".

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES    NO

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES    NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
May Heathfold
Mark Keeney

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Street, [Redacted], [Redacted] 0
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 34
SEX: FEMALE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Frist to Sheriff's office, Aug. 4, 1966

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a form to be filled out.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     ?     ?      1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter from Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr., the Chief of Project Blue Book, to a witness in Xenia, Ohio. The letter acknowledges the witness's observation report and states that the information provided is not sufficient to complete the attached PFTD (Project File Technical Data) Form 16 and requests the witness to return the form in the provided envelope.

The text in the document is as follows:

FTD (AFSTR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
22 August 1966

Xenia, Ohio 45385

Dear [Redacted],

Reference your telephone conversation which we have received. The information which you have provided is not sufficient to complete the attached PFTD Form 16 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

