There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE/TIME GROUP  26 Sept 66 2020/1302
3. WITNESS CIVILIAN
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 3 min.+/-
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION AIRCRAFT(POSSIBLE)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer was in his house when he felt the moon getting dark. He looked out and saw an object in the sky. He watched this light for about a minute. The object then began to move across the sky. The object then began to change colors from a red and green light, and appeared to be a bright star when first observed. The witness has seen additional UFOs. The description is consistent with that of an aircraft or aircraft lighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document page from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

Gentlemen: 
I sat down to write this letter that you may have what I saw in more detail that you may evaluate it. 
On September 17, 1966, at about 8:30 PM I was in my room reading. Suddenly, a light appeared outside the window which attracted my attention. I immediately went out to investigate. I saw a bright, round, metallic object hovering about 100 feet off the ground and about 100 feet from me. It was silent and about 30-40 feet in diameter. It remained stationary for about 2-3 minutes before starting to move rapidly in a zigzag fashion, first up, then down, then sideways. This maneuver was repeated several times before the object shot off rapidly to the southwest and disappeared from sight. The whole observation lasted about 5 minutes. I will be glad to answer any questions you may have. There is an artist's conception of what I saw attached.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document.

Estimate it in about 200 phleeting
This object was in about 200 I thought it highly improbable that such an unusual sight might be explained by natural causes. As it was getting dark, I watched the object very carefully for about 10 minutes as it moved slowly and silently across the sky in a meandering path, occasionally changing direction slightly. The object was definitely not an aircraft or satellite, and was much larger and brighter than any stars or planets in the night sky.

After observing the object for some time, I decided to get a better look at it and went inside my home to get my camera. However, when I returned outside, the object had disappeared. I searched the sky for several more minutes but could not locate it again. 

Although I was not able to capture any photographs, the experience was very memorable and puzzling. I have no explanation for what the object could have been, but it was clearly something out of the ordinary that I had never seen before. I suspect it may have been some kind of unidentified flying object, but I cannot say for certain. All I know is that it was a strange sight that has left me curious and intrigued.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. I will now proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and output all the text found in the document.

a direct ascent as I it morning' directly over my residence. I a fly a flying at a very high rate of speed and also most certainly at a high altitude. I have seen such objects on prior occasions but this was the closest and most definite observation I have ever made. It was visible in the sky for several minutes and I watched it pass over my residence and then proceed in a southerly direction until it passed out of sight in the distance to the south. I have no explanation for the object, but I can assure you that it was not an airplane, helicopter, or any conventional type of aircraft. It was completely silent and moved with no visible means of propulsion. It appeared to be metallic in color and cigar-shaped, and I am certain that it was not a satellite or any type of natural phenomenon. I hope this report is of some value to your investigation. Please let me know if you need any further information from me.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

I will now act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

I'm trying to get an answer to an incident that occurred on 27 August 1966. What I saw was a bright light in the sky which appeared to be approximately 50 to 60 feet in diameter. As it came closer, it seemed to be a solid object and what seemed to be a door opened on the side. I can say that for a few minutes it was quite close and then it disappeared. What I'm asking is if there is any information on record about this incident. I would like to know if anyone else has reported seeing anything similar in this area. I realize that I may sound as though I'm imagining things, but I can assure you that what I saw was very real. I would appreciate any information you could give me on this subject. You can contact me at the above address. Thank you for your consideration in this matter.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this document. The image contains handwritten text only.

TRANSCRIBED TEXT:

As to what these things are, it is certainly very hard to say. We cannot be sure what they were, but I am convinced that they were not birds, planes or anything like that - Certainly some kind of strange object.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire that has been filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information be kept in confidence, that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? Day - Month - Year
2. Time of day: 2:30 Hours Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Standard 
4. Where were you when you saw this object? Troy, N.Y.
5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration) Hours 0 Minutes 3 Seconds
5.1 How was it first determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Over your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 7 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire with various questions and answer choices regarding the sighting of an unidentified object at night.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):  
a. None
b. Fewer  
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull, hazy moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy  
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One):  a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
this in front of; .

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound There was a hiss - no sound
b. Color silvery. . 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, then what was the size of the object compared to the match head?
CAN'T TELL ACCURATELY, BUT WOULD ESTIMATE IT AS ABOUT HALF THE THICKNESS OF A MATCH STICK.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(DRAWING OF OVAL-SHAPED OBJECT WITH ARROW INDICATING DIRECTION OF MOTION)

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present on this page from the Project Blue Book report. The image shows a document with a questionnaire about sighting an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Blank

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Closer

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. (Inside a building)
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Airplane (types)
e. At sea
f. Other Blank

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. On the water?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Blank

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? Miles per hour. Blank

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other Blank

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 10 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this particular page, only diagrams and textual instructions.

27. In the following sketch, imagine there are bright, steady lights high above the horizon (sky-line) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the sketch where the horizon is. Place a "B" on the sketch where you first saw it. Place an "S" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire form.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER  AGE 33 SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States during the 1950s and 1960s. The page contains a form with various questions, including one asking for "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting." The rest of the page is blank, with no other visible text or images.

Text from the document:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2-1-66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation reported on 26 September 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS PROJECT BLUEBOOK OFFICE TAPP 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

TDEI/UFO	2 February 1967

SUBJECT:	UFO Observation, 26 Sep 66

TO:	USAF, New York, 12120

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have given is not sufficient for identification. Request you complete the form enclosed and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PID Form 164 w/envelope

- page 14 -

