There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 16073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 Oct 66 - 21/0650Z
2. SOURCE: Civilian 
3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 hours
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
6. COURSE: slowly SW
7. PHOTOS: 0 Yes,  No
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:  Yes,  No
9. LOCATION: Mekoryuk, Alaska
10. CONCLUSION: Balloon(possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observed a brilliant colored object that was in the southern part of the sky. The object was compared to an electric light bulb. Before disappearing the object turned a bright red. The object disappeared behind the clouds and never reappeared. In addition, no trail or exhaust vapor was observed.
The description is consistent with that of a balloon observation. There have been several similar reports from Japan. Transonic balloons have been reported to have come down in Alaska.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page of a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 26 Day 10 Month 1966 Year
2. Time of day: 9:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other ALASKA 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Mekoryuk, Alaska City or Town State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT (Circle One): a. Bright b. Cloudy c. Hazy d. Raining e. Snowing f. Partly cloudy Broken About 6 clouds
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD GCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire or report form about a UFO sighting.

B. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy cloudsWEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: LIKE electric light bulb, blueish

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't know c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't know e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't know f. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't know g. Flash on and disappear? Yes, No, Don't know h. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a series of questions and responses related to a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The response indicates that the object did disappear, but does not provide further details.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The respondent circled "Yes" to indicate that the object did move behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The respondent circled "No" to indicate that the object did not move in front of something.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Silent
b. Color - Light but color which came there before disappearing

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The response indicates that the object was "bigger than match stick, about the size of a light bulb".

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and extremities or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The respondent has drawn a sketch showing the object's shape and the direction of its movement.

OCR Text:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It disappeared in the lower part of the field of view, disappearing from the bottom up.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)      YES              No           Don't Know.        If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind a light cloud.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)      Yes            NO           Don't Know.        If you answered YES, then tell what: 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound       Silent
b. Color       Light but color which came there before disappearing
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
bigger than match stick, about the size of a light bulb
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and extremities or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch is included, showing the object's shape and direction of movement.]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The page appears to be a questionnaire or report form containing various questions and answer choices related to the observation of a UFO.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Estimated 1/2 mile and hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) (Yes) No. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city, b. In the residential section of a city, c. In open countryside, d. Near an airfield, e. Flying over a city, f. Flying over open country, g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest. 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses (Yes) (No), b. Sun glasses (Yes) (No), c. Windshield (Yes) (No), d. Window glass (Yes) (No), e. Binoculars (Yes) (No), f. Telescope (Yes) (No), g. Theodolite (Yes) (No), h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: like a electric light bulb

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains diagrams and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the survey line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "O" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

NO

YES YES NO

PROTECTIVELY MARKED RADIO COMMENT BY PERSON OF MEKORYUK ALASKA OF SIGHTING OCTOBER 20 1966 RADIO UNQUOTE RADIO COMMENT BY AIR TRAFFIC RADIO SERVICES AS RECEIVED BY THE DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS ALASKA COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM AT ELMENDORF AIR FORCE BASE ALASKA ON OCTOBER 20 1966 QUOTE LISTENER REPORTING SIGHTING UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT AT MEKORYUK ALASKA ON OCTOBER 20 1966 AT APPROXIMATELY 4 P.M. LOCATED BY LISTENER IN NORTHWEST SKY MOVING NORTH TO SOUTH APPEARED LARGER THAN AIRCRAFT AND BRIGHTER THAN SUN SIGHTING VISIBLE FOR 2 MINUTES LISTENER REPORTING SIGHTING OF OBJECT UNQUOTE

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 29 66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a negative explanation of your sighting:

All the evidence have been answered to the best of my knowledge and all the information I have given from the people who see it 12/6/66.

I did not receive at any power mankan tell at all as done to Christmas-mail pile up.

- page 8 -

