The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 9/29/62
2. LOCATION: Rocklin, Calif. 
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient data for evaluation
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers watched an object that appeared to be a strange aircraft, descending from above and making maneuvers that appeared to be controlled. As the object descended, it appeared to be a half-dome, smaller than that of a downdraft configuration, and was observed for 30 minutes. The object was not in view during the entire observation period. It appeared to be silently hovering, then moved off in two or three different directions. The description is consistent with that of an unidentified flying object, however, there is insufficient information to make a conclusive evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications you make in relation to this personal information, as many details as possible.
1. When did you see the object? 11 - 66 Year
2. Time of day: 11:50 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): E. Eastern S. Central M. Mountain R. Other
(Circle One): 3. Daylight Saving Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Rocklin CALIF. City or Town, State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) APPROX. 30 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was object determined? Definitely just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright Night, b. Clear Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. Behind you, d. To your left, e. To your right, f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Scattered
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Cold
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Still
b. In motion
c. Disappeared
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
2X MAGNITUDE VENUS

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy, blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other - ALMOST UNSEEN - EDGE

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
c. Abrupt change in direction? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
d. Give off smoke? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
e. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
f. Change shape? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
g. Flash or flicker? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph visible in the image, just the text of the document.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
FADED UNTIL HARDLY VISIBLE-THEN APPEARED AGAIN AS IT MOVED.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):     YES     (No)     Don't know.  
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     (No)     Don't know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NONE
b. Color BRIGHT ORANGE-YELLOW

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
AT CLOSEST POINT: approx. half

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Lights were orange
Lights had indentations

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an old UFO report.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 30-100mph-- also slowed down & appeared stopped
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? approx. 1500 ft.
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _________________
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Rural, in open countryside?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? No. 
a. Telescope Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Other Yes No

26. In order that you can give a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
At first a large orange flash, like an orange sun-like windows glass object. It came closer to me, a half-car smaller lights in a row-like windows, glass object flew very fast, passed right over me and then flew away faster than it had been.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS Street, San Francisco, 94118, Calif.
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
AGE 17 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
approx. 2 12 Month 66 Year Project Blue Book

- page 6 -

The image contains a diagram with a compass rose and instructions for observing a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this image.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

27. To the nearest 5° what direction was the object first seen? Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion or the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which seems to be a form with various questions about a sighting of an unidentified object.

The text from the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - - - LAST NAME FIRST NAME MIDDLE NAME
ADDRESS - San Francisco, 94118 Calif.
STREET CITY STATE
TELEPHONE NUMBER - AGE 17 SEX M
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
REPORTED TO PROJECT Blue Book SEPT 7 1966 YEAR

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:                   15        October      1966
Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I can't remember anything else. Previous letter sent to you may fill in what I can't remember now.

I hope this information will help you in your studies. Being a schoolteacher, I always live up to the superlatives at school would not approve. I would appreciate it if you wouldn't write me further.

If there is something I remember that I haven't mentioned I will write you.

Respectfully,
[Redacted]

- page 9 -

