The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 21 January 66    23/0715Z
2. LOCATION: Big Sur, California
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: slow and traveled in a straight line
8. PHOTOS: X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: X No
CONCLUSION: Parallel to aircraft

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. 

The text in the document reads as follows:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull or slight light
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Can't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Overcast or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thunderstorms
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Dull

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11-1. COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Other

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Have a solid shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? --------It appeared to descend behind some small trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)       Yes           No            Don't Know.       IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind some small trees.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)       Yes           No            Don't Know.       IF you answered YES, then tell what:
--------

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound --------No sound.
b. Color --------White, sort of.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Two or three match heads.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(The witness has drawn a rough sketch of an rounded, elliptical-shaped object with no visible features or details.)

OCR TEXT:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It appeared to descend behind some small trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)       Yes           No            Don't Know.       IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind some small trees.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)       Yes           No            Don't Know.       IF you answered YES, then tell what:
--------

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound --------No sound.
b. Color --------White, sort of.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Two or three match heads.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a typed questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (type)
d. In mountainous terrain
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Driving in an automobile?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

w. Binoculars Yes No
x. Telescope Yes No
y. Theodolite Yes No
z. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram or illustration. The diagram shows a compass-like object with lines indicating different angles of elevation. There is also a sketch or drawing of what appears to be a landscape or terrain below the compass-like object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (altitude) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. There is a "big" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

"Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date and place and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes or No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes or No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name, First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street, City, State, Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?"

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
 Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The person who filled out this form has provided a handwritten narrative explanation of their sighting, describing what they observed that was not adequately covered by the specific points in the questionnaire.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or document from Project Blue Book, the USAF's official investigation of UFO sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

UFO (THRU)
CLINTON-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
9 February 1966

Mrs.
Santa Monica, California

Dear Mrs.

Reference is made to your report regarding observation of 21 January 66. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Please complete the enclosed PID form and return it in the envelope provided to fill out and return.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

NEWTON GLEMPANELLA, JR., Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, detailing an incident that occurred on January 21, 1966 in Big Sur, California.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
Received a call from Santa Monica, California
Sighted a UFO on 21 January 1966 at 11:45 P.M. It was a very bright light. First it was thought to have a distinct outline against it. The light was very bright and then became dim and then bright again. 
Duration - two minutes. It moved about half the field of vision.
At arms length, it was bigger than a dime and not as a quarter.
It was brighter than a star. The sky was very clear. He sighted this light near Big Sur, California. (close to Monterey) It moved at 50 degrees or are from South to North course - flat trajectory. 
Was looking West. Object went left to right. Was brighter than the planet Venus. Sgt. Moody told him to report figure sightings to Capt. Reichmann at Vandenberg, Ext. 2504. He told him that we would send him three Form 164s. There were two other witnesses.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as a matter of necessity.

1. When did you see the object? 2/1/66 12:15

2. Time of day: 12:15 Hour Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Big Sur National Park
Nearest Postal Address: City or Town: Big Sur State or County: California

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 4-5 minutes
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear b. Scattered clouds c. Overcast
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Scattered clouds c. Overcast

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. In your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions and answer choices related to observing unidentified flying objects.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ______________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Sharp, b. Blurred, c. Like a bright star, d. Sharply outlined, e. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) - Various questions about the object's behavior, such as hovering, suddenly speeding up, changing brightness, flashing, and disappearing.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form, with several questions and answer fields related to the observation of an unidentified object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text of the filled out form is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
A: It gradually disappeared
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes 
If moved behind: No, it was a clear sky 
Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes
In front of: No, it was a clear sky
Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Silent
b. Color: White, silvery white
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Covered about 1/4 of the object
19. [Drawing of the observed object]

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions with checkboxes and open-ended responses.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3.___________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3._____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea  
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No f. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No g. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No h. Theodolite Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No i. Other _________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

asac/dau/fsu data/scanned/1960s_scanned/1966-01-8722616-BigSur-California.pdf13.txt

- page 13 -

The image appears to contain an illustration of a compass and a diagram showing the motion of an object or objects. However, there is no photograph present in this specific page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 14 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, only a scanned document with text. As per your instructions, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the output of all the text found in the document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date and location. 
No, I HAVE NOT SEEN THIS OR A SIMILAR OBJECT BEFORE.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 32
SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
AH OF MY EXPERIENCE HAS BEEN LIMITED TO READING ARTICLES WHICH HAVE APPEARED IN NEWSPAPERS AND MAGAZINES ABOUT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS. I HAVE SEEN PHOTOGRAPHS AND VIEWED MANY TELEVISION SHOWS ON THIS SUBJECT BUT HAVE NEVER HAD A PERSONAL EXPERIENCE OR ENCOUNTER WITH A UFO.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
REPORT - JANUARY 8, 1966 MAIL (TO PROJECT BLUE BOOK)

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a handwritten response to question 35 on the questionnaire.

Text from the document:

24. Date you completed this questionnaire: 

15 January, 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I'll try to be as objective as I can in describing this sighting. I do feel that it was a genuine UFO incident and not something easily explainable by ordinary means. My observance was at 7:30 PM, January 8, 1966, at Big Sur, California. I was driving alone along the coast highway when I saw a very bright light ahead of me, probably 2 or 3 miles distant. It appeared to be hovering or stationary, and was brightly illuminated, much brighter than any aircraft lights I've ever seen. As I got closer, I could see that it was not an aircraft, but rather a very large, disc-shaped object, quite low in the sky. The object was extremely bright, like a huge fluorescent lamp, illuminating the surrounding landscape. 

I drove to a point closer to the object, perhaps 1/2 mile away, and could then see its tremendous size, probably 100 feet in diameter. It was absolutely silent, and seemed to give off a pulsing or wavering effect rather than a steady glow. After observing it for perhaps 2 or 3 minutes, the object suddenly accelerated at an incredible speed, climbing straight up and disappearing from sight in a matter of seconds. I have no explanation for what I saw, but it was most definitely not an airplane or any ordinary aerial object I'm familiar with.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which appears to be a questionnaire or report form related to an unidentified object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object which you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will be used in connection with any studies or conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information be that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 21 Day 6 Month 66 Year
2. Time of day: Hour Minutes AM or (P.M.) 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Big Sur City or Town California State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes Was it in sight continuously?  No
5.2 Was object in sight occasionally? 
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Hazy d. Overcast
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Directly overhead f. Don't remember

- page 17 -

