The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. TIME GROUP 29/0630Z
2. LOCATION Enon, Ohio
3. SOURCE Civilian
10. CONCLUSION AIRCRAFT (KD-135)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer saw one object three times at 1:20, 2:05 and 2:15. Object was described as bright light. Its size was estimated as being about the size of a high wheeling aircraft. A call to the base control tower revealed a KC-135 aircraft at 1,000 ft, with landing lights on, made the sighting. Observer agreed no further investigation necessary.
FTD SP-M 0-329 (TDE)

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image provided. The image shows a handwritten document page with text.

Transcribing the text from the document:

He described the object as of an elongated shape, it was visible at about 500 feet and seemed to be revolving - it gave off a great deal of maneuverability, it made a sharp abrupt angle. The object appeared to be a bright silver, as compared as a bogger. Did not observe the object on RX or TX.
[Redacted] other called the flight tower at WPAFB and found to be a C-135 making a practice approach 12:55 PM at made six practice approaches 1:15 AM, 1:26 AM, 1:35 AM, 2:20 AM, and 2:32 AM. The duty stated that the C-135 was over the Enon area due to a normal training operation.
Nothing unusual moving on or in connection.
Since the observer stated he did not notice aircraft in area and since the C-135 was the only aircraft flying low over the area, it is my opinion that the object observed was C-135 making its practice approach.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

Here is the text output from the document:

Tenken office 746760
746167

2 each wing tips Red light

Send I white t angle

Center F I on top , I on bottom 

Navale lights I candle an
fluorescent front g wing

Ornon wing light I candle 
of fluorescent just after

I on # 2, # 3 engine

Landing light I canch pile

Nova gear landing light

Teran light - (Positional
lights) under night wing

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or UFO sighting questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you furnish will be used in connection with similar reports that may be received concerning this incident, and it may become necessary, that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 26 MARC 1966
2. Time of day: 01 Hour (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): c. Eastern d. Pacific 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 3 SIGHT OBSERVERS ON
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCHES USED AT TIME OF SIGHTING
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES 
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: b. Cloudy NIGHT: b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): d. Behind you e. To your right

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for reporting UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Fuzzy or blurred
d. As a light, don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.
BLUE-WHITE LIGHT LIKE A STAR BUT NOT AS BRIGHT AS THE BRIGHTEST STARS

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: LIGHT SEEMED UNIFORM IN BRIGHTNESS, NO EDGES SEEN

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes / No
c. Make any noise? Yes / No
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No
e. Change brightness? Yes / No
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the output of all the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
FIRST THEN VESRY RAPIDLY

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered:
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered:
In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound LIHTNIMG VERY HIGH PITCH
b. Color BRIGHTER-WHITER FLASHING

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing all things such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or smoke. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes, IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? APPROXIMATELY BETWEEN 2000 - 3500 M.P.H.  No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes, IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1000 FT - 500 FT  No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoor d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other 

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section b. In the residential section c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. No

24.2 How fast were you moving?  m.p.h.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No)a. Eyes/Naked eye Yes b. Sun glasses Yes c. Windshield Yes d. Window glass Yes e. Binoculars Yes f. Telescope Yes g. Theodolite Yes h. Other 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words, what, if viewed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object or objects which you saw.

- page 7 -

The image contains a compass-like diagram and instructions related to sketching observations of unidentified objects. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it. Show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

DISPATCHER

NAME [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED], CITY [REDACTED], ZONE [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 52 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be pertinent: CHIEF OF POLICE OF ENON

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
DAY 13 MONTH MARCH YEAR 1966

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, with a handwritten response to question 35 on the form. The text in the response states "3 SIGHTINGS OF SOME OBJECT MOVES ABOUT TURNS VERY BRIGHT LIGHT PICKS UP RAPIDLY".

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
3 SIGHTINGS OF SOME OBJECT MOVES ABOUT TURNS VERY BRIGHT LIGHT PICKS UP RAPIDLY

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Text extracted from the document:

Dear Mr. Gallen,

On March 29, March 16, and received information. This was over the three times on the morning of between 1:30 AM and 2:30 or 3:00. The first time it was for a man in sight for only a second and that's it. The second time he saw it for about 30 seconds. The third time he saw it in front of him about 50 the ground. It crossed in front of him (he was in his car) moving at a river. When it got to the other side it took off with a terrific burst of speed. He stated that he did see any aircraft in the area at the time of the sighting.

- page 11 -

