The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the report for an incident that occurred on June 10-12, 1966 in Marietta, Ohio.

Project 10073 Record
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 10 - 12 June 66 02002
2. LOCATION: Marietta, Ohio (5 witnesses)
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: Straight
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

10. CONCLUSION: Nothing in report indicates object could not have been an A/C

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Brightness of the object was compared to a fluorescent light bulb, and the object resembled a blimp without fins and not as shiny but fluorescent. Observers stated they live in the landing area of private A/C in area other than private A/C.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire form regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about any unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name and any other information that might identify you will be kept confidential, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 12 May 1966
2. Time of day: 2:25 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 1/2 mile east of Marietta, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Exact Seconds Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Timed b. Estimated c. Fairly certain d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember
Scand 16490

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image. 

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
    a. None
    b. As for
    c. Bright moonlight
    d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
    a. CLOUDS (Circle One):
        Clear sky
        Hazy
        Scattered clouds
        Thick or heavy clouds
    b. Dry
    c. Fog, mist, or light rain  
    d. Moderate or heavy rain
    e. Snow
    f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
    a. As a light
    b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
    a. Brighter
    b. Dimmer
    c. About the same
    d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ____________

12. The edges of the object were:
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like bright stars
    c. Well-defined
    d. Other ____well formed___________

13. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
    b. Move slowly? Yes
    c. Break up into parts or explode? No
    d. Give off smoke? No
    e. Change shape? Yes
    f. Flash or flicker? Yes
    g. Disappear and reappear? Yes

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Passed slowly away disappearing.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what.
It moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what.
In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Noiseless
b. Color - Bright, white, glowing.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/2 inch

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(No drawing provided)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? YES
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? YES 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. In an airplane?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North / Northeast / East / Southeast / South / Southwest / West / Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES / NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars YES / NO
b. Sun glasses YES / NO
c. Windshield YES / NO
d. Window glass YES / NO
e. Telescope YES / NO
f. Theodolite YES / NO

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with a sketch and handwritten text.

The text found in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, or "B" as the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2 or 3 more to answer the direction that they were traveling.

Drawing Daylight object about 10 seconds long.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or date and location.
The object sting the night time

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted name and address]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: MARIETTA, OHIO 45750
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 42 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
2 x 12 sec in 2 min. 45 sec exp.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
[Redacted] On [Redacted]

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 11 June 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

1. Winds 1900 EST
5 m 21.30
10 m 24.40
15 m 25.30
20 m 25.30 
30 m 26.40
40 m 27.30
50 m 27.30

2. Weather 1900 EST
1900 EST 10 11 0763
3300 EST 10 11 0033
3900 EST 10 11 0903
2200 EST 10 11 0904

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, with text that describes military and civil aircraft being in the vicinity and given direction of the reported sighting. The text includes a signature from James D. Ballard, which seems to be the person who provided this information.

CAPTION OF PREPARING OF: TOTAL

Aircraft including both military and civil aircraft were in the vicinity and in the given direction given on the report. The description leaves no doubt that these flights were indeed on record.

James D. Ballard
USAF, CAPT.,
INTEL, OFFICER

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding unidentified aerial phenomena that someone has filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as completely as you possibly can. The information you give will be treated as confidential and will be used only in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 12/11/65 Time 1:00 A.M.
2. Time of day: 1:00 A.M.
3. Time Zone: C. Central 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Home - 1/2 yard - 2 miles from Marietta, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes Seconds
a. Certain
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: Clear
b. NIGHT: Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a report form related to a UFO sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
Answer: About as bright as . Seemed much brighter when first viewed on a dark night.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other -

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly appear and disappear at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change in shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Changecolor? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 11 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page. The text on the page appears to be a form with various questions related to the observation of a UFO.

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes - disappeared by passing over the horizon.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound b. Color bright white, with intermittent flashes
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _____________
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Flying over a city or town?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Circle One) Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. 
Airplane flying low and fast

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with various illustrations and diagrams. The diagrams show a compass with various angled lines, indicating the trajectory or motion of an unidentified object. There are also instructions for the viewer to draw diagrams based on the information provided.

Transcription of the text:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°
-----
60°
-----
30°
-----
15°
-----
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and allow any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Jane n t 3
3/20/66

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes - June 1, 1996

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[redacted], Marietta, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted], Marietta, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 48
SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
The date is National Childrens Day

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
UFO officer, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio
Sheriff, Marietta County - June 10, 1966

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

OCR text output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  August 14, 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

A sighting of Unusual object in Wood County. 
It was observed from familiar with the object. It was seen by two housewives, myself and another, who saw it at the same time. This was the first time we had lived in the country and had no experience in identifying unusual aerial objects.

The object was observed by us in the sky, and there was no sound accompanying it. At no time did the object at any speed or make any maneuvers.

The satellite was then visible, and these sightings took place at about dark.

We had a very good profile of object to observe it was somewhat closer in size than a basketball, spherical in outline with a somewhat flat bottom. It had no visible means of propulsion and no exhaust trail. Its color remained constant during the entire observation which lasted for perhaps 10 minutes. The object finally disappeared over the horizon in the south direction at very slow speed.

We have also seen other unidentified aerial objects catch by surprise and at distance which would not permit detailed observations. These objects appear to be rather high speed and do not exhibit the characteristics of this particular one we observed at length.

- page 16 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on project Blue Book stationery.

PTD (TSGT) JEFFERSON, APB, OHIO 45333
2 AUGUST 1966

Marietta, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Reference your unidentified observation of 11 June 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. The data and return is in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

W. Robert QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 17 -

