The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically case number 10073 from Central Valley, California on May 31, 1966.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 31 MAY 1966 31/1440Z
2. LOCATION: Central Valley, California (1 Witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Group-Visual
7. COURSE: 332°
8. PHOTOS: D Yes XT No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: D Yes NONE
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (BALLOON)S
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer noted white star like object in the ESE direction which appeared to climb still at times. The object disappeared while the observer was distracted and reappeared 3 times. Observer has seen similar objects many times.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our evaluation will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. It should be signed by you and dated to be genuine.

1. Name: [redacted]
Address: [redacted]
Occupation - TYPIST
Education - OUT HAND'S HIGH SCHOOL
Marital Status: SINGLE

2. Date of Observation MAY 5 1966
Time 10:09 AM ( AM)
Time Zone E.D.T.

3. Locality of Observation NEWTON - WATERTOWN, MASS, MA.

4. How long did you see the object? HOURS 70 MINUTES Seconds

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky: BRIGHT DAYLIGHT, NIGHTTIME, CLEAR.

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. I DON'T KNOW

7. If seen at twilight, or dawn, was the sun or moon visible? - N O

8. Please sketch the object(s) and give detailed information if it moved, changed shape, color, brightness, etc. IF ANY: [No sketch provided]

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it have wings, tail, exhaust, etc. PLEASE BE SPECIFIC AND ACCURATE. If possible, give dimensions of the object(s).

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? YES

11. If so, compare its brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. BRIGHTER THAN THE MOON

12. Did the object(s)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES
b. Suddenly speed up or slow down? NO
c. Zig-zag, oscillate, or move erratically? NO
d. Give off smoke or exhaust? NO
e. Leave any visible trail? NO
f. Change brightness suddenly? YES
g. Break up or explode? NO
h. Change shape? NO
i. Disappear suddenly? YES - THE NIGHTS CHANGED TO SKY CLEAR - WHITE

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? THE NIGHTS CHANGED TO SKY CLEAR - WHITE

14. Was there any wind? - NO

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, window, screen, etc.? NO

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? NO What kind? How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - FUZZY or blurred.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

WAS THE OBJECT SELF-LUMINOUS? 
a. yes
b. no 
c.don't know

DID THE OBJECT(S) RISE OR FALL WHILE IN MOTION? YES

TELL THE APPARENT SIZE OF THE OBJECT(S) WHEN COMPARED WITH THE FOLLOWING HELD AT ARM'S LENGTH: 
a. Pinhead
b. Dime 
c. Quarter
d. Half dollar
e. Silver dollar
f. Grapefruit
g. Larger

HOW DID YOU HAPPEN TO NOTICE THE OBJECT(S)? Caught my cousin's eye 

WHERE WERE YOU AND WHAT WERE YOU DOING AT THE TIME? SITTING IN OUR CAR.

HOW DID THE OBJECT(S) DISAPPEAR FROM VIEW? DISAPPEARED AS IT GAIN SO AWAY

COMPARE THE SPEED OF THE OBJECT(S) WITH A PLANE OR JET AIRCRAFT AT THE SAME APPARENT ALTITUDE. FASTER THAN THE FASTEST JET I HAVE EVER SEEN.

PLEASE ESTIMATE THE DISTANCE OF THE OBJECT(S) 7000 FEET

WHAT WAS THE ELEVATION OF THE OBJECT(S) IN THE SKY? PLEASE MARK ON THIS HEMISPHERE SKETCH:

PLEASE DRAW A MAP OF THE LOCALITY OF YOUR OBSERVATION SHOWING THE DIRECTION FROM WHICH THE OBJECT(S) APPEARED AND DISAPPEARED FROM VIEW, THE DIRECTION OF ITS COURSE OVER THE AREA (ROADS, TOWNS, VILLAGES, LANDMARKS, AND OTHER TERRAIN FEATURES) 
MORE SKETCH ON BACK OF PAGE

IS THERE AN AIRPORT, MILITARY, GOVERNMENTAL, OR RESEARCH INSTALLATION IN THE AREA? YES, WATERTOWN ARSENAL

HAVE YOU SEEN OTHER OBJECTS OF AN UNIDENTIFIED NATURE? IF SO, PLEASE DESCRIBE THESE OBSERVATIONS, USING A SEPARATE SHEET OF PAPER.

WERE YOU INTERVIEWED OR QUESTIONED BY ANY OFFICIALS OR REPRESENTATIVES OF ANY GOVERNMENT AGENCY OR OTHER ORGANIZATION REGARDING THIS OR SIMILAR OBSERVATIONS, OR ANY OTHER BACKGROUND MATERIAL? WE WILL RETURN THE MATERIAL TO YOU.

WERE YOU ASKED OR TOLD NOT TO REVEAL OR DISCUSS THE INCIDENT? IF SO, WERE ANY REASONS OR OFFICIAL ORDERS MENTIONED? PLEASE ELABORATE.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and responses related to an unidentified flying object sighting.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and other Armed Forces investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional forms, please let us know.

1. Name: [redacted]
Address: [redacted]
Telephone: [redacted]
2. Date of Observation: APRIL 16, 1966
3. Locality of Observation: WINTER HAVEN, NEWTON, MASS.
4. How long did you see the object? 5 Minutes
5. Please describe weather conditions: CLEAR TO PARTLY CLOUDY, NO HAZE, NIGHTTIME, DARK.
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: NOT KNOWN
7. If it was a night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? MOON
8. What was the color of the object(s) and did it change in color or brightness? NO
9. Please describe the shape(s) of the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, was it revolving, if so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? YES
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. SAME AS THE MOON
12. Did the object(s) -
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away from your view? NO
c. Move slowly? YES
d. Give off smoke? NO
e. Leave any visible trail? NO
f. Break up or explode? NO
g. Change color? NO
13. Did the object(s) at any time disappear and reappear, or go behind something and come out again? If so, please describe in detail. NO
14. Was there any wind? NO
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, wind-shield, windowpane, storm window, screened window? NO
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? NO What kind? How loud? 
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

Text Transcription:
18. Was the object -
a. Self-luminous ?
b. Dull finish ?
c. Reflecting ?
d. Transparent ?
19. Did the object(s) rise or fall, while in motion? YES
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Nickel
b. Pea
c. Half dollar
d. Silver dollar
e. Grapefruit
f. Larger
21. Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length. MY COUSIN AND i T ME TO SEE IT.
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? IN A HOUSE WATCHING TELEVISION
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? GLIDED AWAY
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. IT WAS MUCH SLOWER THAN A PLANE
25. What were any characteristic sounds? THERE WEFE NO SOUNDS. IT WAS SILENT
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). 500 FEET
27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? PLEASE MARK ON THIS DRAWING LOCATION
28. Please sketch or describe any other witnesses, if any. WILLIAM WOOD, WILLIAM SMITH AND OTHER NEIGHBORS ALSO WITNESSED THIS EVENT
29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing the position of the sun or moon, your position, and the direction of the object's disappearance and any other details you recall, such as mountains, roads, or reference points within a mile. MOVING FROM LEFT TO RIGHT
30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? YES, WATERVLIET ARSENAL
31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper. YES 
32. Please describe any photographs, motion pictures, or tape recordings which you may have, or know to exist, regarding this or any other sighting. THIS FORM HAS BEEN FILED IN ALL PARTS OF THE AF FOREIGN, DOMESTIC AND CENSORED FILES
33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? Any other federal, state, country, or local officials? If so, please state when, where and by whom. PART CAN BE ANSWERED UNDER B BELOW
34. We would like permission to check your name in connection with this case. This action will secure our records and determine if you have contacted us before. We will ask other persons mentioned in your report to cooperate also. In any case, please fill in all parts of this form, for your own confidential files. Thank you for your cooperation.
35. Date of filling out this report: MAY 6, 1966 Signature: [REDACTED]

- page 5 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text. There is no photograph present in this image.

Text extracted from the document:

Augusta, Ind.

No case information.

17 may

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing an observation of a UFO-like object. The text in the document is as follows:

May whom it may concern,

On the after noon of May 17,1966 between 11:50 + 12:00 A.M. I glanced out the window and I saw a object that looked like a spool of thread. It was over a field about 500 or more yards away. I don't know how high it was. Just that it looked like it was over a woods. It looked like it was made of some shiny metal. It could be some kind of material that was in the shape at first I thought I thought it was over the trees, but as I watched it, it just hovered, until it disappeared. That night I was watching the 6:00 news and they had people on tv that saw UFO's that say they never though of sending it in, because I never thought of sending it in before.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten report or document related to a UFO sighting.

The text in the document reads:

NO CASE
May 14, 1966

Hind sight:

There seems to have existed objects over central valley at 8:06 p.m. same evening. No explanation offered at time of incident.

I. The more you can off
2. Some sort of lights of a pointed shell color
3. A pointed thing
4. Apparently later glass.
5. The object was white.
3 seen at 9 from my dining room windows. when I went into the kitchen and came back the trail of smoke still quite visible. The objects were traveling at a high rate of speed and straight as a string course. It went by in the middle of the sky until out of sight. I went by the west window to see if it were a blast, but nothing.
The cloud was a bright with a split parallel shape to it.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten report or document. The text in the document appears to be a description of an unidentified aerial phenomenon or "UFO" sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

I can't think of any other explanation for the most remarkable occurrence of this evening's experience, as a bright light zoomed across the sky with a loud roar for about a minute. At first I thought it was just the normal high flying jet, but it seemed to be travelling much faster than the average jet, and the light was much brighter. As the object passed overhead I could see it was not a jet, but an extremely bright light that seemed to pick up speed as it travelled from east to west. There was no discernible noise, just a very bright light that seemed to be glowing. I phoned the local newspaper office to report the incident, but they were not able to give me any information on what the object might have been.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document containing handwritten text.

300 feet off the ground. Varied in size. It was a definite object and not the ordinary weather phenomena. The first go by here at 1130 and he came back again. When he came the second time, the object seemed clearer. The first leaves the observer from the rear. And the object seems to ease it off from the rear.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As per the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

OSCAR Report
Organization for Scientific Analysis and Research
P.O. Box 562
Paoii, Penna. 19301

This form contains questions formulated by the USAF and other investigating agencies and by NICAP.

The OSCAR effort is aimed at the technical identification and description of the principal aspects... It is therefore requested that the witness include all details that he feels may contribute to a more comprehensive appraisal of the source of the phenomenon. Include in question answers or separately. Please print or typewrite. Thank you for your cooperation.

Since the gathering of data for analysis is the primary purpose of this report, it is the intent of OSCAR to maintain the privacy of its sources. Please check one of the following:

( ) Remove the name completely ( ) Carry name for follow-up contact to clarify information not for public release. (X) Use name as may be desirable for extended evaluation by other investigation agencies

Name: BLANK
Address: BLANK
Telephone: BLANK
2. Date of Observation: May 21 1966 Time: AM 3:15 PM Time Zone E
3. Locality of Observation: 3 Miles N.W. Willow Grove Nvy. Air Station
4. How long did you see the object? Hours 1 Minutes Seconds
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky; i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. CLEAR 15+VIS. WIDELY SCATTERED ALTO STRATS
6. Position of the Sun in relation to the object and to you. BLANK
7. If a light, was it steady, blinking, or flashing? NO APPARENT ROTATION OR EXHAUST
8. Were there more than one object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw. NO APPARENT ROTATION OR EXHAUST
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. "For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc.? Please use additional sheets of paper, if necessary." THERE WAS NO APPARENT ROTATION OR EXHAUST, CLYSTARING WHITE

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire form for individuals to fill out regarding their sightings of unidentified flying objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much detailed information as possible about any unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 31 May 1966
2. Time of day: 10:15 Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Central Valley, California
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloud
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 12 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book report. The document contains text with questions and prompts related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? N/A
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. N/A
12. Did the object(s) - check as many as apply. (Please elaborate, if you can give detail)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Appear to oscillate (rock back and forth) in place?
d. Break up into parts and explode?
e. Give off smoke?
f. Leave any visible trail?
g. Drop anything?
h. Change brightness?
i. Change shape?
j. Change color?
13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. - if possible.
14. Was there any wind? If so, please give direction and speed.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through binoculars, telescope, or other optical instruments, including windshield? What?
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? What kind? How Loud?
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -
a. Fuzzy or blurred.
b. Like a bright star.
c. Sharply outlined.
d. Uneven contour
e. Uniform
f. Round
g. Oval
h. Angled edges
i. Protrusions
18. Was the object:
a. Self-luminous?
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting?
d. Transparent?
19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion?
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar
g. Orange
h. Grapefruit
i. Larger

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s) ? While WATCHING FOR *THEIR AIRCRAFT* The object(s) was/were a distance of 4 miles from me.
22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Flying a trainer 6T 29R ANG.AT 6,000 ft. 4,500 miles NW wILLOW.
23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Vanished while close together.
24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same altitude.
IT DID NOT APPEAR to pass us VERY FAST - Estimate 1,000 mph.
25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. 
IT WAS THE ONLY ONE THAT PASSED US.
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).
1/2 PASSED WITHIN 1/2 MILE.
27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on sketch: SAME ELEVATION AS MY SELF.
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses: Mrs. MURIEL MCCUNE MANORA PA.
29. Please draw or enclose a map of the locality of the observation, showing North, your position, the direction of flight of the object(s) and any other landmarks, such as towns, villages, railroads and other indications within a mile.
30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Yes JOHNSVILLE NAVAL AIR STATION. 
31. Describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (including times, station and date), or any other background material. We will return the material to you. N/A

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text transcription:
Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county or local official? If so, please give the name and rank or title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.
Called William Glenn M/S, 2 Days After 6 GET were INTERRUPTED.
Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons given or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate carefully.
Do you know of anyone else that has had a sighting that may provide significant information for analysis? If so, please give us their name and address so that we may contact them.
We should like permission to use your information in public disclosure. (Using your name in reference to it, as you indicated at the beginning of the form). This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP (1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W., Washington 6, D.C.) and/or to OSGAR and allow the dissemination of information for the maximum analysis and understanding by all concerned agencies.
( ) Yes, you may use the information. ( ) No, use information only for your work and maintain in confidential files.
Date of filling out this report: 12/3/66
Name of person filling out form: [redacted]

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" which contains a questionnaire for reporting sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, and the data will be treated as confidential information. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Tuesday, May 24, 1966
2. Time of day: 8:15 Hours (Circle One: A.M. or P.M.)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? HOPEDALE, MASS.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Minutes 20 Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY - Clear. NIGHT - Hazy, low hanging clouds.
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
8. If you saw the object at NIG: 
a. None 
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
9. What were the weather conditions? (Circle One) a. Clear b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy cloud
10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid b. Transparent
11. If it appeared as a light, was it: (Circle One) a. Brighter b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare Brightness to: 4 object!
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy b. Sharp c. Shimmering
13. Did the object: (Circle One) a. Appear to stand still at all times b. Suddenly speed up and disappear c. Give off smoke? d. Change brightness? e. Perform other maneuvers? f. Flash on and off?

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document titled "FORCE UFO FORM" which appears to be a questionnaire or report form to be filled out regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

OCR text output:

FORCE UFO FORM
8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a. CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear, Few, Scattered, Broken, Overcast
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds (__row__)
d. Think of heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared on a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object. 
4 objects shaped like a football, red like no glass

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other. The tail of the trail steady much longer

13. Did the object appear to stand still or to move any time?
a. Appeared to stand still at all times
b. Appeared to move at first and then stand still
c. Broke up into parts or explode?
d. Clear off quickly
e. Changed shapes
f. Flashed on and off or flickered
g. Started, stopped, started again

Seem to keep same rate of speed

- page 17 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Extracting the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force/UFO form

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes / No / Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)
Yes / No / Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape Bright red
b. Color Bright red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. Describe what you did and what the result was.
I was putting a small pencil mark on an object the size of a watermellun

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction of motion.

EAST 
LIKE pictrue on page 35 of This ISSUE

- page 18 -

The image contains a document titled "Force: UFO form continued" with various questions on it. There does not appear to be any photograph included in this particular page of the document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
( ) Yes ( ) No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? We have watched something burning lights estimated speed of 800o mph station ary at times.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
( ) Yes ( ) No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 5 plaines

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. In the house
b. In the car
c. Outdoors x
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you: (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country? X
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you going? (Circle One) 
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? mph

24.3 Did you stop or slow down while watching the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other Naked eye

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or pattern which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Like an electric plate shaped like sketches on rest of this page

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The form has instructions and diagrams for the viewer to fill out details about a UFO sighting, including the motion, direction, number of objects, and other relevant information.

Text from the image:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
30. Here was what this, or object, like?
31. Was anyone else with you?
31.1 If you answered YES, 
31.2 Please list their names.
32. Please give the following information:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional information.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO reporting form or document.

UCE UFO form continued
Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. if so give date or dates and location.
Yes, on May 30, 1966 about 5:30 a.m. in Central Valley, California 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No
31.2 Please indicate names and addresses:
Hopedad, m.a.3.3.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS: Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
AGE: 49 SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Others have confided in me about their own experiences, and when asked why it wasn't reported to the Air Force under Project Blue Book, many replied that they didn't want their names mentioned. The last report I received was in January 1967.

33. Where would you be willing to be interviewed if necessary? Saturday Morning

- page 21 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a landscape with mountains and trees in the background. The image is accompanied by text describing a UFO sighting that occurred on May 24, 1966 in Hopedale, Illinois.

Text transcribed from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO Report
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Monday Feb 19, 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

On Monday evening at the 24th of May 1966 at 8:30 p.m. - Patricia Strapponni and I, Annette M. Strapponni, went to the home of Patricia's dad, Helgio E. Zampini, in the hopes of seeing anything unusual we might see in the sky. We are done this before, because many same things seem to happen and some unusual night events occur before sunrise. The night was clear, and the stars were visible, and there were clouds, but the stars were visible directly overhead. Looking toward a south-easterly direction, we could see a bright red star-like object hovering about 3120 feet in the sky. We saw this about 120 minutes.

I also have several pictures that were taken in May of 1966. These were given to me.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form for reporting UFO sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Electric light

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
d. Give off smoke? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
e. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
f. Change shape? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
g. Flash or flicker? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

After watching it for a while we crossed over to the rear of my house. From there we could see another good object that was much more illuminated than the one we were watching. This object was now to the west and in the first quarter. We then went back to watch from the same position, but these objects could not be seen again. Even though the night was very still, we could hear no sound from the objects. After watching to go home, I went and told my neighbors about the sighting. I saw more object with a silver dome, crossing very silently. It seemed to drop down towards the south-west and then started back up, watching to go home. As I arrived it had just crossed over the high tension wires, behind the trees, and out of view. As I began to turn off the porch light, and look to the left from the tree, I saw a large red object in the same position as previously, hanging there, and, another. Four in all - the first having led was out of view; but the three following were one behind the other. We could hear a sound but it was some kind of a sound but we hastened. The time was about 9:30 p.m. and we also sighted a USA experimental plane flying overhead. At first we thought it was another UFO but the location and altitude told us that it was a conventional plane. We could see that it was definitely a plane with all the characteristics that it created a beautiful sight, almost directly over our heads. About 10:15 p.m., both red objects vanished. Certain ladies are very prone to comment on these sightings and are not averse to seeking publicity - but rather unwilling to share what they have seen with others. It was a very nice interview and we are happy to present it in Probe. Thank you.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that includes several illustrations and text.

GRAND HOTEL MINERVA 
FLORENCE (ITALY)
Via Cesare Battisti, 11 
Tel. 20.411 (8 linee)
COMUNICAZIONE E AREO POSTAK

IXXTELLIGENCE DIVISION
Department of the Air Force Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

USA

BY AIR MAIL 
PAR AVION

There are several illustrations on the page, including interior and exterior views of the Grand Hotel Minerva in Florence, Italy, as well as a map or cityscape of Florence. The text appears to be an address and correspondence details, including the address of the Intelligence Division of the Department of the Air Force in the Pentagon, Washington, D.C., USA.

- page 25 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image contains a handwritten letter describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) that the writer claims to have observed.

Dear Sir,
I hope you will forward this letter to the correct office. It is a description of an "Unidentified Flying Object" (UFO) which my wife and I saw last night. First seen: 10:00AM to 5 minutes to 10:30 AM, May 24, 1966. Duration: 6 to 7 minutes. Location: Rowan-Morven Hotel, Flower, Italy. It looked like a very bright white star, brighter than any visible in sky at time. Sound came from different course, heading up from horizon towards direction of this UFO. Observed very quiet night. So far have heard no one else mention seeing it about 60° West of from. Speed not constant, but variable. Almost stopped at times. Course not straight, but slowly changing, upward to be wandering slightly. Clear sky. Disappeared by slowly fading out over a period of 5 to 10 minutes.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document, likely an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

Text transcription:

Commanding Officer, Project Blue Book
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45433

Gentlemen,

I am writing a report concerning several UFO's, witnessed by myself and several others who were with me at different times.

The first and most prominent one was an object I saw flipping, tumbling and rolling in the sky. The object, which I think was oval, was about the size of a nickel held at arm's length. This was on May 23, 1966. The object seemed to be glowing as though.

It glowed a dull orange-red, resembling a series of maneuvered for approximately half an hour.

It seemed to be looking for something. When I could no longer observe it, it had disappeared from the horizon.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text describing a reported UFO sighting.

The text reads:

"Report the maneuver. 
Then it stopped for a few seconds and moved about fifty feet of course, it's only an estimate.
Suddenly the movement was tremendous and it glowed unusually bright and flowered off toward a 30° angle to the west and disappeared. This appeared another one was reported two changes in light and followed the first. I watched them until they had gone.
The night had been a clear moon or cloudy, only a few scattered hints of St Bartschlains.
By a week after, both my family and I watched several UFO's which were in times of tree flying at a very high altitude."

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be a letter or report from an individual describing their experience with a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

At a party last a date which three flew over quite low, flying formation. These were very highly brighter than any star I've ever seen. Each was a single white light. 

The reason I was so long in contacting you was because I didn't have any authority.

I am in the Air Force here and I think they are something in our ships that doesn't belong there.

Our duty is to gain and maintain morale in supremacy through a constructive public relations. I believe that great simply because we seem to ignorant to accept what we don't understand.

I thank you for your time.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Proposed reply to letter from 11 May 1967

This replies to your recent correspondence regarding your unidentified observation. At this late date, a meaningful scientific investigation is not possible. It is important for an individual to report his observation to the nearest Air Force installation as soon as possible. Your information will be filed for information purposes only.

To date, there has been a total lack of tangible evidence to indicate our planet's has or is being visited by extraterrestrial vehicles. Thank you for your interest in the Air Force's UFO program.

C.O., Project Blue Book
Intelligence Division Technical Information Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45433

- page 30 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

SAFQICC/Maj Rademacher/Jad/79079/12 Jun 67

JUN 12 1967

This replies to your recent correspondence regarding your unidentified observation. At this late date, a meaningful scientific investigation is not possible. It is important for an individual to report his observation to the proper authorities. However, the civilian agencies will be filled for information purposes only. 

To date, there has been a total lack of tangible evidence to indicate our planes has or is being visited by extraterrestrial vehicles.

Thank you for your interest in the Air Force's UFO program.

Sincerely,

BARRETT B. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

COORDINATED BY: SAFOI-CC

SAFOI Coord oy
Cmbk oy
Rclra oy
Asd oy
Stbk oy

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a table with various sightings information.

TEXT OUTPUT FROM OCR:

1 - 12 JUNE 1966 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
-June Denver, Colorado INSUFFICIENT DATA
-June Columbus, Ohio INSUFFICIENT DATA 
-June Easton, Penn. INSUFFICIENT DATA
-June Hartford, Wisconsin INSUFFICIENT DATA
-1 Dayton, Ohio SATELLITE
-2 Colorado Springs, Colorado AIRCRAFT
-3 Claremont, California INSUFFICIENT DATA
-3 Houston, Texas AIRCRAFT
-3 Lycoming, New York Astro (VENUS)
-4 Huntington, New York INSUFFICIENT DATA
-4 Dayton, Ohio BALLOON
-4 Colorado Springs, Colorado SATELLITE
-4 Colorado Springs, Colorado Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
-4 Colorado Springs, Colorado INSUFFICIENT DATA
-4 Dayton, Ohio SATELLITE
Astro (CAPELLA)
-4-5 Baker, Oregon Astro (METEOR)
-5 Condon, Oregon AIRCRAFT
-5 Decatur, Ohio INSUFFICIENT DATA
-6 Tyler, Texas Astro (AIRCRAFT)
-6 Polan, Wisconsin AIRCRAFT
-6 Spooner, Wisconsin SATELLITE
-8 Roanoke, Indiana UNIDENTIFIED 
AIRCRAFT
-8 Amarillo, Texas UNIDENTIFIED
-8 Kansas, Ohio Other (REFLECTION OF GROUND LIGHTS)
-8 Fayetteville, North Carolina Other (REFLECTION) SATELLITE
-9 Duluth, Minnesota AIRCRAFT
-10 Cleveland, Ohio AIRCRAFT
-10 King of Prussia, Penn. Astro (Venus)
-10 Medway, Ohio SATELLITE
-10-12 Marietta, Ohio INSUFFICIENT DATA
-11 Kabul, Afghanistan SATELLITE
-11 Vineland, New Jersey Astro (ARCTURUS)
-11 Lynchburg, Virginia AIRCRAFT
-11 Mesquite, Texas AIRCRAFT
-12 Petersburg, Virginia SATELLITE
-12 York, Pennsylvania Astro (ALTAIR)
-12 Columbus, Ohio AIRCRAFT
-12 Columbus, Ohio SATELLITE
-12 Columbus, Ohio SATELLITE
-12 Beavercreek, Ohio Astro (ALTAIR)

- page 32 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a table of additional reported UFO sightings.

1 - 12 JUNE 1966 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE     LOCATION      SOURCE         EVALUATION
June     Rossville, Ga.
June     Piquemine, La.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object disappeared while I was watching it, it simply faded from view.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes

17. a. Sound: Slight 
b. Color: Whiteish

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 3 inches of the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The bright object was round and disappeared in 3 seconds.

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and answers.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   YES (NO)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  YES  (NO)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5-6 minutes

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield? 
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)  YES  (NO)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No
e. Binoculars  Yes  No
f. Telescope  Yes  No
g. Theodolite  Yes  No
h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A slightly flat in shape which gave a brief shimmering effect.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page includes the following:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 36 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. government program that investigated UFO sightings.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
5-21-66 / 4:00 AM CST 5-21-66 / 5:00 am

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: [REDACTED] LAST NAME: [REDACTED] FIRST NAME: [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] Street [REDACTED] City, [REDACTED] Zone [REDACTED] State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 29 SEX: female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day 12-20 Month Year 1966 [REDACTED] Central Valley, California

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten text.

Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 and 9 month 1966 year
Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The document describes the witness's sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The witness states that they saw the object again and it was much closer this time. The object was reported to be a "good picture" and the witness says they intend to take pictures of it in the future. The document mentions that the sighting was witnessed by several people and that there were no engines or other aircraft characteristics that could be observed on the object. The witness expresses their belief that the object was some kind of experimental craft and encourages the reader to "tell your friends" about the sighting.

- page 38 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET
UFO REPORT #8/2/66

WITNESS: Name redacted
ADDRESS: Name and address redacted
OCCUPATION: Grade School Teacher
PHONE: Name redacted
WITNESSES: Name redacted
ADDRESS: Name and address redacted
OCCUPATION: Farmer, Retired
TIME: 10:00 PM PDT

BACKGROUND:
Witness was driving along a county road when he observed a light in the sky which he thought might be an aircraft. He stopped his car and watched the light which was maneuvering. The light appeared to be hovering and then accelerating rapidly. The witness reported the object to be silent and described it as round in shape. 

EVALUATION:
The witness stated that he was an experienced observer of aircraft and felt that the object was not an aircraft. He was unable to identify the object. The object was observed for approximately 5-10 minutes.

- page 39 -

