There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2 Apr 66 03/09002
2. LOCATION: GAINESVILLE, FLA (3 witnesses)
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 min
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: ground visual
7. COURSE: horizontal, then right angle
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
FTD Forms 164 sent to witnesses, however, not returned within 30 days. Will re-evaluate if further info is received.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: (Obj) appeared to travel at a fast rate of speed, accompanied by a red and white light. It could have been an aircraft or helicopter because of the absolute sound, so said the witness. It appeared to travel at a right angle start dropping vertically until it disappeared. Information in letter quite sketchy, therefore.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph present on this page. The text in the document is as follows:

FRi (THRU)
Wright-Fatter:son AFB, Ohio 45433 
23 June 1966

Dept. of Chemistry 
University of Florida
Gainesville, Florida

Dear Sir: 

Reference your unidentified observation of 7 April 1966. 
The information in your letter was not considered as sufficient for complete evaluation.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force. 

Sincerely, 

HECTOR QUINTANILLA 
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten letter from the US Air Force regarding an unidentified observation that was reported on 2 April 1966. The letter is addressed to the Dept. of Chemistry, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida, and is signed by Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF, Chief, Project Blue Book.

Text of the letter:

PTD (THEM)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
23 June 1966

Dept. of Chemistry
University of Florida
Gainesville, Florida
Dear Sirs:

Reference your unidentified observation of 2 April 1966. The information which you received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 155 and return it to the Air Force as soon as possible. 

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

PFD (TDEN) 
WC INT-EDSVSON APE, OHIO 44333 
29 June 1966

c/o Dept. of Chemistry 
University of Florida 
Gainesville, Florida

Dear Mr.

Reference your unidentified observation of 2 April 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PFD form 107 and return it to this office.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF 
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page of text from a Project Blue Book document. As an OCR system, I will now transcribe the text found in the document:

"The following is a report of an unidentified flying object sighting that occurred on [redacted] The sighting was witnessed by at least three persons and has been investigated by [redacted] of this command. 

On [redacted], at approximately [redacted] this occurrence was witnessed by [redacted] a career military officer currently stationed at [redacted] According to [redacted] statement, he observed an oblong-shaped white object, approximately 15 to 20 feet in size, hovering at an estimated 500 to 1000 feet above the ground. The object remained stationary for several minutes, then suddenly accelerated in a westerly direction at an extremely rapid rate of speed, disappearing from view in a matter of seconds. 

The sighting was further corroborated by [redacted] also a military officer stationed at [redacted], and [redacted] a civilian employee of the [redacted] All three witnesses concur on the basic details of the sighting and have been determined to be reliable and credible observers.

No further information is available at this time. This report is submitted for your information and any action deemed appropriate."

- page 5 -

