The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 3 NOV 66 2330
2. LOCATION: Memphis, Tennessee
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE
PHOTOS: No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFCS)
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 	TDST/UFO

SUBJECT: 	UFO Observation 3 Nov 66

Mrs. [REDACTED]
Memphis, Tennessee 38117

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. We request you complete the attached ATIC Form 14 and return it to the Air Force as soon as possible. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
1 Atch
ATIC Form 16 w/envelope

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains handwritten text, but no photograph. As an OCR system, I will proceed to output all the text found in the document:

Dear sir, 
would a note of the sightings of UFO in the area be of any use to you? If so, I would be glad to furnish any information I can regarding the many sightings that have been made here in the Memphis area during the past few years. No specific cases come to mind at the moment, but I would be happy to give you a brief rundown on some of the more interesting ones if you feel the information would be of value to you.

There have been several sightings of strange aerial phenomena in this area which have defied conventional explanation. These sightings have been made by reliable observers, including some with military and scientific backgrounds, and have been reported to the proper authorities. However, I am not aware of any definitive conclusions having been reached regarding the nature or origin of the objects observed.

If you feel the information I could provide would be of interest or assistance, please let me know and I will be glad to furnish whatever details I can recall. I would be most interested in learning of any conclusions or findings your agency may have reached regarding UFO activity in this region.

Sincerely yours,

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old document containing handwritten text. There is no photograph present in this image. As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the output of all the text found in the document:

10/6/65
This report appears to be routine. The item or phenomenon sighted on 10/6/65 and reported by the observer was apparently not an unidentified flying object but rather some other natural or man-made object. The report itself does not contain information which would lead to the conclusion that the sighting represented anything extraordinary. Accordingly, it appears that no further investigation of this particular incident is warranted.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

There's a dark shadow like an object in the sky for a few minutes. I could not tell what it was. I looked at it through binoculars for about 5 minutes, until it disappeared. I could not determine its size, shape, or speed. It appeared to be high in the sky, but I could not estimate its altitude. There were no other unusual sights or sounds. That's all I can report on this.

P.S. I do not know anything about UFO's and am not a nut on the subject. I'm just reporting what I saw as requested.

- page 5 -

