The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically related to an incident that occurred on September 3, 1966 in Terra Haute, Indiana.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE : TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
3 September 66 04/03/02 Terra Haute, Indiana
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NATURE OF OBS JECTS
Star (ARCTURUS)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground - Visual
7. WEATHER
Clear
8. COURSE
_____.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
FT D SF-45 D-327 (TOD) Previous editions of thls form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten letter describing an unidentified flying object sighting. The letter is dated September 4, 1966 and was sent from Terre Haute, Indiana.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Sirs:

I wish to relate a report of an un-identified flying object. As I went out onto my back porch I noticed the object appeared in the western sky about 10:10 p.m. on Saturday, September 3, 1966. I first believed it to be a star, therefore I didn't call for others to see it. There was, however, something different about this object as compared to other celestial bodies surrounding it. It had a definite brilliance. I thought this might have been because the object was at a lower altitude.

I sighted the object off a tree branch, and accordingly, it did not seem to move. But, at approximately 10:18, it faded readily in a western position, away from where I was sitting. Within approximately five seconds the area of the sky was completely clear of any object.

Arthur Hastings

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Brilliant object, as before.
Later checks proved that no unidentified object was in the sky, only the other celestial bodies. Apparently there was little cloud cover in the area I was observing.
I thought you might want to keep this information on file in case other reports will be turned in. The object should have been seen around the Terre Haute area and nearby villages. I would appreciate any answer or information you could give me concerning this sighting. 
I will be available for further information.
Sincerely,

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be the front cover or envelope of a document related to Project Bluebook, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The envelope is addressed to "Lieutenant Patterson AFB, Project Bluebook, Dayton, Ohio" and has postage stamps and markings indicating it was mailed.

Text from the image:
Lieutenant Patterson AFB
Project Bluebook
Dayton, Ohio
ALWAYS ZIP 
15 19 56

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. The information that you can provide will be used in connection with evaluation of similar reports. The information will not be used in any other way, such as for publicity purposes, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information be treated with necessary discretion.

1. When did you see the object? 5-September 1966
2. Time of day: 7:30   Hour
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Terre Haute, Indiana
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 hour   minutes  seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Could clearly see it for 1 hour
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Clear  b. NIGHT: Stars visible
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): b. To your right

FTO OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON? 
B.1 STARS: (Circle One):
    a. None
    b. A few
    c. Bright
    d. Don't remember

B.2 MOON: (Circle One):
    a. Bright moonlight
    b. Dull moonlight
    c. No moonlight, pitch dark
    d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? 
CLOUDS: (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds 
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
    a. Solid
    b. Transparent
    c. Vapor
    d. As a light
    e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter
    b. Dimmer
    c. About the same
    d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to common objects: [Handwritten note]

12. THE SHAPE OF THE OBJECT WAS: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
    a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
    b. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
    c. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
    d. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
    e. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
    f. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text on the image is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES ____ ____ NO 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES ____ ____ NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside (type) 
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying an aircraft? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 About how fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES ____ ____ NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Check appropriate boxes)
a. Eyeglasses ____ YES ____ NO
b. Sun glasses ____ YES ____ NO
c. Windshield ____ YES ____ NO
d. Window glass ____ YES ____ NO

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which you pleased up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you saw.
It looked more like a haze far off in the sky very faint and difficult to see against the horizon. It appeared like it could be any flying object very distant from my position at the time. I could not make out any details but it appeared very far away.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form that witnesses filled out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, it just disappeared, the object seemed to of gone out of sight all of a sudden.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't Know
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't Know
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Bright as star, as clear as star
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you had performed this experiment sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Appears to be about 1/3 of object would have been covered by match head.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing such items as size, proportions, etc., and especially show trails or structure. The drawing shows an oval-shaped object with no distinct trails or structure.

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It shows a page from an old UFO report document, containing a schematic diagram and some text instructions.

The text from the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass rose to show where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass rose to show where you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the path, a "B" to end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were going.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
None

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME: 
Last Name: [Redacted]
First Name: Jere
Middle Initial: E.
ADDRESS:
Street: [Redacted]
City: Terre Haute
Zone: 10
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 21
SEX: M
Indicate any special experience, such as scientific or military, which might have a bearing on this sighting.
I am a senior at Indiana State College, with a special interest in science.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: September 8
Month: 10
Year: 1966
Hallman Air Field.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with a questionnaire format.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 September 19—
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 11 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

The text OCR output is as follows:

AAFD (TDEr) 36 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433 
8 September 1966

Terra Haute, Indiana 47807

Dear Mr. 

Reference is your letter of 4 September 1966 concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object on 3 September 1966. Thank you for reporting this incident. Your report has been duly recorded and your enclosed FTD Form 1 is being processed. We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to us.

As mentioned in our previous correspondence, we have not received any other sightings on that night around the Terra Haute area.

Sincerely,

VICTOR GUSTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

