The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text output from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 8 July 66 9/011l52
2. LOCATION: Ladd, Illinois 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Less than second
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: western sky
8. PHOTOS: N No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: N No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro(meter)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer noted a meteor like object, but was much wider. The object formed a 180 degree arc which was visible for only an instant. Object was compared with a small rainbow that was traveling toward the north. When the object disappeared, it did so totally, leaving no discernible trail. The color was speckled like stardust construction material (full and little or no space between the speckles. The object did not look like any meteors or shooting stars that the witness had seen before this sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: November 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your experience:
A plane was passing over, like that of before. The approach came down lower and lower, then it leveled off at a steady altitude. An unusual light came on the plane, more like a very bright light, but it did not seem to be a flashing light typical of aircraft. After a little while, it went out and the plane continued on its course. I had just started outside when I first noticed the plane. I had to believe that whatever was seen was a feature of the craft itself and not a reflection or effect caused by something outside the plane. For what reason it was done, I do not know, but it did not seem to be a normal function of a plane as I am acquainted with them. I noted that the light did not seem to be connected to the normal running lights of the plane. It appeared to be a different light altogether and gave no blinking signal. It was a steady bright light that came on and then went out after a short interval. I believe that whatever caused this light was an unusual feature of the aircraft and not something normal. I have no explanation for what I saw.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated 8 July 1966 from Victor Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF, Chief, Project Blue Book to an unnamed recipient regarding the reporting of an unidentified observation.

Text from the document:

FTD (TDTT)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
16 November 1966

Dear Mr. --------,
Reference your unidentified observation or a 3 July 1966 occurrence. We appreciate your interest in reporting this to the Air Force. We have processed the information and it has been designated FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. 

Text Extracted from the Document:

Ladd, Illinois 61329
October 16, 1966

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Aeronautical Technical Intelligence Center
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

On July 8th, 1966, I witnessed a rather bizarre aerial phenomenon directly west of my home town of Ladd. Until now I have been reluctant to submit this information, fearing ridicule and accusations of being a crank, but I feel I must now come forward.

Almost a week ago, I overheard two older gentlemen and a younger man in the local diner discussing what I now believe may have been the same type of phenomenon I observed in Ladd. The men, who were an English and social studies teacher in the local high school and a retired insurance salesman, seemed quite perplexed by the incident and were convinced that several people in the vicinity of Princeton, Illinois, which is several miles from Ladd, had also witnessed this strange occurrence.

From their description, it seemed that from the discussions and the descriptions I have heard, this triangular craft that was observed is quite similar to the phenomenon I witnessed in Ladd. It seemed that from their discussions and the descriptions I have heard, this triangular craft that was observed is quite similar to the phenomenon I witnessed in Ladd. This triangular craft, it seemed, hovered silently directly over the town at an altitude of about 800-1000 feet, its speed of movement was quite slow, and it displayed no visible means of propulsion. It was completely silent in operation and was illuminated from within by a soft, pulsating blue-green glow. This thing occurred almost directly over the town and to the best of my knowledge there was absolutely no publicity given to it in the local media. The reason I did not come forward sooner was due to a fear of ridicule, as I realize that tales of "flying saucers" and the like are often greeted with skepticism and derision. However, now that I have heard of similar sightings in the area, I feel compelled to report my own observations, in the hope that they may be of some interest to your organization.

Sincerely yours,
[REDACTED]

P.S. The trail, or air disturbance, left by this craft as it moved silently overhead was quite remarkable and seemed to leave a distinct trail which lingered for several minutes after the craft had passed.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please do answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary.

1. When did you see the object? 3 July 1966
2. Time of day: 8:15 A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Bureau, Illinois
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration): Could not be determined: Eyes blink time between being seen and not.
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Eyes blink time between being seen and not.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes / No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright b. NIGHT: Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

OCR output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please do answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary. 

1. When did you see the object? 3 July 1966
2. Time of day: 8:15 A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Bureau, Illinois 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration): Could not be determined: Eyes blink time between being seen and not.
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Eyes blink time between being seen and not.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes / No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright b. NIGHT: Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions and answer choices.

Page 2
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. No change, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Windy, f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Fuzzy, d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply defined, c. Irregular, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes/No/Don't know, etc.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. The document appears to be a form with questions about the reported UFO sighting.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES  The object disappeared gradually, first becoming smaller and smaller, and then just seemed to fade out and disappear completely. 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES / NO / Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what:
A large tree.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES / NO / Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what:
Moved in front of a large tree.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: utter silence, no sound at all
b. Color: very bright, luminous, and changing colors frequently (greenish white, orange, reddish)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, what would you have said? 1 - 1 1/2 inches

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and the direction the object was moving. Indicate the approximate size, in inches, that the object appeared on the original sketch.
[Drawing of the object with annotations]
North

Tree

The object was very bright, luminous, and changing colors. It was approximately 1-1 1/2 inches in size as measured against a match stick.

- page 7 -

There is a hand-drawn sketch in the image depicting an unidentified aerial object. The sketch shows the shape and movement of the object, as well as the observer's location and the direction the object was moving.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES Was not watching it. It was just there and then it wasn't. It just seemed to disappear.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? YES If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: a large tree
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? YES
17. a. Sound: I did not hear any sound
b. Color: dark colored and clear (kind of a dark gray or black color) and just a lot of bright light reflecting off the object, accompanied it during its flight pattern
18. Do you know the angular size? Held a matchstick at arm's length to compare the unknown object to known object and it the angular size was not quite as large as the matchstick held out at arm's length, but pretty close, maybe slightly smaller.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and indicate whether the object seemed to be hovering, moving, etc. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. NORTH

OCR Text Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES Was not watching it. It was just there and then it wasn't. It just seemed to disappear.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? YES If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: a large tree
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? YES 
17. a. Sound: I did not hear any sound
b. Color: dark colored and clear (kind of a dark gray or black color) and just a lot of bright light reflecting off the object, accompanied it during its flight pattern
18. Do you know the angular size? Held a matchstick at arm's length to compare the unknown object to known object and it the angular size was not quite as large as the matchstick held out at arm's length, but pretty close, maybe slightly smaller.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and indicate whether the object seemed to be hovering, moving, etc. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. NORTH

- page 8 -

The image contains a diagram with compass directions and instructions for illustrating the motion of an object or objects. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the survey line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A & B  peat sometimes

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form that has been filled out.

NONE WHATSOEVER
Yes No 
Yes No
NAME LAST FIRST MI
ADDRESS STREET LADD CITY ILLINOIS Zone STATE
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 24 SEX MALE
A. SOCIAL STUDIES TEACHER - DEKALB HIGH SCHOOL, DEKALB, ILLINOIS
B. B.A. DEGREE - MONMOUTH COLLEGE, MONMOUTH, ILLINOIS; M.A. 1956, UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY, LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY; PH.D. DEGREE - LOYOLA UNIVERSITY, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS.
C. ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, UNION COLLEGE, BARBOURVILLE, KENTUCKY
D. DOCTORAL DEGREE - DEGREES - ST. JOSEPH'S COLLEGE, LA SALLE, ILLINOIS
WHEN AND FOR WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT? MY FAMILY 7-6-66

- page 10 -

The image contains a detailed drawing with explanatory text. The drawing appears to be a sketch that illustrates how to estimate the elevation and bearing of a sighted object in relation to the observer's position. The text instructions guide the viewer on how to use the drawing to determine the object's position relative to the observer.

There is no photograph present in this image.

Transcription of the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) where you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes NO

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS: LADD, ILLINOIS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 24 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
A. SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS OVER LADD, ILLINOIS MAY 25, 1966. 
B. EX-MARINE, HONORABLE MEDICAL DISCHARGE: QUANTICO, VA. MAY 25, 1962. 
C. B.A: B.S. DEGREE: UNION COLLEGE, BARBOURVILLE, KENTUCKY; A.M. DEGREE: UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY, LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY.
D. NO PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE IN EITHER C.A.P OR G.A.E ACTIVITIES CONCERNED WITH UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
MY FAMILY JULY 1966

- page 12 -

