There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 9/16/66 2:32 2. LOCATION Panama City, Florida (A Witness)
3. SOURCE CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 5 - 10 SECONDS
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-visual
7. COURSE WEST
8. PHOTOS 0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0 Yes 0 No
10. CONCLUSION Possible (SATELLITE)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Observer noticed unusually outlined object brighter than a star traveling in a northerly direction. The object continued on the same path of flight until a building obscured observers' view. That of a satellite which disappeared when the object moved behind the building.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract the text from the image:

Dear Sir:

I have in my possession pictures which I took of a strange object in the sky over Panama City, Florida on May 7, 1966. The object was round in shape, silvery in color, and appeared to be hovering above the ground. It remained in the sky for several minutes before suddenly speeding away at a high rate of speed.

I would be interested in forwarding these pictures to your office for your analysis. Please advise if you would like me to do so.

Sincerely,
(Redacted)

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. Instead, it shows handwritten text on a document.

Text extracted from the document:

"In accordance with the par to be a five. The is-a that part to be a tion of the four. That-five a-tour. The-of"

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a scanned document or photograph, but it does not contain any visible photograph. The image shows an envelope or mailing envelope with some handwritten text and a postmark that reads "Panama City, FL MAY 16, 1966". The text on the envelope says "U.S. Civil Defense Administration, Washington, D.C.".

The output of the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system for the text found in the document is:

U.S. Civil Defense Administration  
Washington, D.C.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? JULY 19, 1966 
2. Time of day: 8 : 50 MINUTE (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? PANAMA CITY BEACH, FLORIDA
5. How long was object in sight? (Time: Duration) 20 SECONDS
5.1 How was time in sight determined? GUESS
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes 
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY b. NIGHT c. Partly Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Behind you f. Don't remember

FTD GCT 42 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire for individuals to fill out regarding their observations of an unidentified object at night.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Haze c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Heavy rain or thunderstorm d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. As a light d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compares brightness to some common object: Appeared brighter than the brightest star in sight - about equal in brightness to a wristwatch light set at night.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Clearly defined c. Sharply defined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES (NO)  DON'T KNOW b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES (NO) DON'T KNOW c. Break up into parts or explode? YES (NO) DON'T KNOW d. Give off brightness? YES (NO) DON'T KNOW e. Change shape? YES (NO) DON'T KNOW f. Disappear and reappear? YES (NO) DON'T KNOW g. Flash or flicker? YES (NO) DON'T KNOW h. Disappear and not return? YES (NO) DON'T KNOW

- page 6 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a light or UFO object, with an arrow indicating the direction of movement. The text describes the object's sound and color, as well as instructions for determining its angular size using a match stick or arm's length. The document appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report, with the filename indicating that it is from May 7, 1966, in Panama City, Florida.

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object did not disappear entirely but appeared to fade or grow dimmer with a pulsating motion.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) YES NO Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Clouds
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) YES NO Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Humming, a soft, high-pitched, constant, gentle whirr
b. Color: A very pale, whitish-blue
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 3-5 degrees
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch of a light/UFO object with an arrow indicating direction of movement.]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes | No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes | No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 1 mile/minute

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On an airplane (type)
d. Outside
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes | No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

(Circle One)
Yes | No
Yes | No
Yes | No
Yes | No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other _____________

(Circle One)
Yes | No
Yes | No
Yes | No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when sighted up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

It appeared circular or spherical and was a bright light or luminous object. It was moving rapidly at about 1 mile per minute and appeared to be at a distance of about 1 mile.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch shows a compass rose and a series of curved lines representing the elevation of an object above the horizon.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown: Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
SCHOOL OUTPUT TEST QUESTION IN CENTRAL FLORIDA AREA

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, THEN HOW MANY WERE THERE?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 7/16/66

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] Pensacola Florida
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 16 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. I saw a large bright object hovering in the sky for about 45 sec. It was very bright and unusual in shape. I did not know what it was and was somewhat afraid to look at it very long.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 7/22/66 Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form to be filled out.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 10 June 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings in the United States.

The text in the document is as follows:

PID (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
6 June 1966

Avenue
Panama City, Florida 32401

Dear Sir:

Reference your unidentified observation of 15 May 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 165 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

