There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE 2. TIME GROUP 3. LOCATION
3 JANUARY 56 03/23/00 Waverly, New York
9. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
THREE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes
6. COURSE
N/A
7. PHOTOS
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE

10. CONCLUSION
Bear Gazella was at 65 deg 32 and 5.5 deg elev at the time of sighting. It disappeared and reappeared several times, changing place in the sky. At first these lights appeared to be rolling with red flashes. The objects did not move around but rather appeared to move straight up and down very rapidly. He said that on 6 Jan he observed several more lights like these.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched three lights, one bigger than the other two. They appeared to be yellow in color with red flashes. The objects did not move around but rather appeared to move straight up and down very rapidly.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 18 June 1966
2. Time of day: 10:20 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Waverly, Steuben, New York
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was the time in sight determined? By watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY b. NIGHT c. Bright d. Cloudy e. Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right

FTD MAR 9 1964 This form supersedes FTD-IS 16-1 JUN 62 which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, containing a questionnaire or survey form about a reported UFO sighting.

Page 4

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
   a. Brighter
   b. Dimmer
   c. Same
   d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
   a. Bright moonlight
   b. Dull moonlight
   c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
   d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
   a. Clear sky
   b. Hazy
   c. Scattered clouds
   d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
   a. Dry
   b. Fog, mist, or light rain
   c. Moderate or heavy rain
   d. Snow
   e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
   a. Solid
   b. Transparent
   c. Vapor
   d. As a light
   e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
    a. Brighter
    b. Dimmer 
    c. About the same
    d. Don't know

11.1 If it appears brighter, compare brightness to some common object: Electric light

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright light
               c. Sharply defined
               d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes / No / Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and slow down any time? Yes / No / Don't know
    c. Move slowly?  Yes / No / Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?  Yes / No / Don't know
    e. Change brightness?  Yes / No / Don't know
    f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?  Yes / No / Don't know
    h. Disappear suddenly?  Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): Yes - No - Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): Yes - No - Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color Grayish-light, Ball shaped.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, with various questions and answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 120 MILES

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Giant white lights

- page 5 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions for describing the motion of a UFO or unidentified object. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
A sketch of the object's path is provided, with notes about its direction and changes.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
A sketch is provided showing multiple objects and their apparent arrangement and direction of travel.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
I saw an object pass over me at a low altitude on the date mentioned.

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
The names and addresses have been redacted.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
The personal information provided has been redacted.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
The date when the sighting was reported has been provided.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten response to a questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7-25-1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

To begin with I would like to state that I have kept some interest in things related to UFO's for a long time. I have read various books and articles on the subject and have, as far as I can, followed developments in this field. I have seen various reports and explanations of sightings over the years. However, I have never before had a personal experience of this kind and have always tended to approach the whole subject with a certain amount of skepticism. I do not consider myself an expert or authority on the subject, but I do feel that I can give a fairly accurate and detailed account of what I saw and the circumstances surrounding it.

On the evening of July 21, 1966, at approximately 8:00 p.m., I was walking home alone from a friend's house about three blocks away. The weather was clear, the sky was bright, and there was just enough light to see quite well. As I was walking along, looking ahead as I walked, I suddenly became aware of a peculiar flashing light in the eastern sky. At first I thought it might be an airplane, but as I continued watching it, I realized that it was not moving in a normal manner. It seemed to be holding a fixed position, and the flashing light, which was very bright and intense, appeared to be flashing at irregular intervals. 

After observing it for perhaps a minute or so, I became increasingly puzzled and intrigued by it, and I stopped walking to watch it more closely. The object continued to maintain its fixed position, and the flashing light remained intense and irregular. I watched it for possibly another minute or two, during which time the flashing seemed to increase in frequency somewhat. Then, quite suddenly, the object began to move rapidly upward at an angle, the flashing light becoming progressively dimmer as it went. Within a matter of seconds it had disappeared from sight, the light having faded completely.

I was quite amazed and puzzled by what I had seen, as it was entirely unlike anything I had ever witnessed before. I hurried home and told my wife what I had seen, and she seemed just as puzzled and intrigued by it as I was. I have racked my brain trying to come up with a rational, conventional explanation, but I have been unable to do so. The object's fixed position, irregular flashing, and rapid, angled ascent simply do not fit any explanation I can think of in terms of known aircraft, natural phenomena, or anything else.

I am submitting this report in the hope that it may be of some interest or assistance in furthering the study and understanding of UFO phenomena. I would be most interested in learning if others in the area may have observed the same or a similar object at the same time. I have given this incident a great deal of thought, and I can assure you that I am reporting exactly what I saw, to the best of my recollection, without embellishment or exaggeration of any kind.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

I certify that this is all the text found in the document:

I certify that this is all the text found in the document:
 the traffic control tower at Waverly. Was notified that there was an unknown object that was maintaining a hovering position approx. 3 miles east of the Waverly VOR at approx. 2,000 feet altitude. This object was observed for approximately 15 minutes by the crew of a United Airlines flight, as well as the duty air traffic controller at Waverly. The object was described as metallic in appearance, circular in shape, and approximately 25-30 feet in diameter. It was hovering motionless and silent for the duration of the sighting. After approximately 15 minutes, the object accelerated rapidly, climbed vertically at a high rate of speed, and disappeared from sight.

- page 9 -

