The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a project blue book document, specifically record 10073, dated June 12, 1966, regarding an observation in Petersburg, Virginia.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
12 June 1966 12/0620 Petersburg, Virginia
3. SOURCE 10. CONCLUSION
Civilian Satellite (??)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
One The object was larger in size but not as brilliant as
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION a full moon. Its reddish-orange color changed intensely from nearer all red to
20 minutes all orange and back again. Did not appear to follow curvature of the horizon
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION as the earth as a plane overhead and disappeared in the distance.
Conventional visual
7. COURSE 
N/A

8. PHOTOS
 No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned copy of a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may use this space to enter information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, sketches, or drawings that you believe to be pertinent.

I was looking out the back door of my home at the sky and noticed a large orange object moving toward me. The object appeared to be approximately 75 feet in size with a white light around the edges. As it went over me, I noticed it had no visible airplane type wings or tail and seemed to be moving silently. As it moved to the southeast, it began to fade from view and looked like a star becoming smaller in the distance. The entire sighting lasted approximately 30 seconds.

CCR:

(Do Not Write in This Space)

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? Day: __ Month: __ Year: ____
2. Time of day: __ Hour __ Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? __ City/Town __ State/Country
Additional remarks:
5. How long was object in sight? __ Hours __ Minutes __ Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright with some haze
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. to the side of you c. to your left d. Overhead e. Don't remember

FTD FORM JUL 61 164 This form supersedes ATIC 184, Feb 60, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and answer options related to an observed UFO or unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? Larger in size but fainter than the brightest stars. Orange in color.

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke or trail? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Suddenly appear or disappear? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you share the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No for each)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Windshield Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No

OCR output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? Larger in size but fainter than the brightest stars. Orange in color.

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke or trail? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Suddenly appear or disappear? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you share the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No for each)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Windshield Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No

- page 4 -

The image contains a sketch that appears to be a simple outline of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The image is labeled "WAS REFERRED TO AS EVE" and the observer has described the object as having a fuzzy or blurred appearance, being a bright star, and some other unspecified features.

Text found in the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound, just a light.
b. Color - Yellow, reddish orange.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

W S REFERRED TO AS EVE

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

It was just about the size and brightness of a jet exhaust at low altitude which is about 15000 feet I would say. The color was a bright white light. I could also see the color wasn't quite right.

22. How much of the object was visible to you at the time of the observation? Was your view of the object ever obscured by the trees, buildings, or other objects?

Probably all of it. 

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

Just gradually fade out and disappear, similar to a jet exhaust.

24. In your own words, give as clear a picture as possible of what you observed. Describe the object or objects which you observed. Give the same experience as the object.

If it was just about the size and brightness of a jet exhaust at low altitude which is about 15000 feet I would say. The color was a bright white light. I could also see the color wasn't quite right. It gradually faded out and disappeared, similar to a jet exhaust.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form from Project Blue Book, likely related to a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Walked out to back door. Saw object above house. Seemed to hesitate for a second as I watched, then went off toward horizon. Was going very fast - looked like a large cub toy.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: From true North 260 degrees From horizon 75 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: From true North 355 degrees From horizon 25 degrees.

- page 7 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an "A" marking on it, illustrating how high an object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. The second sketch shows two circles, labeled "A" and "B", with a person standing in the foreground, depicting the position of the object when it was first seen.

Text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to similar sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Partly cloudy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered YES, under what circumstances did you say other occasions?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About 1,000 mph

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1,500 - 2,000 ft.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: 37 Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. Aston College undergraduate 1959, Presently in service to be me.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 6 1966

- page 10 -

