The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) between 1952 and 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 22 JUN 66 67/63302
2. LOCATION SPOONER, WISCONSIN
3. WITNESS
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS UNIDENTIFIED
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 25 Seconds
6. COURSE SD
7. PHOTOS NO
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE NONE
9. WEATHER Overcast
10. CONCLUSION UNDETRMINED
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer saw two objects, distinctly revolving, 25 ft above ground. The two objects were tinged with water in the air. No sound was reported such as sonic boom.
ETV FORM 0-339 (NRE)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a letter from the Federal Aviation Agency addressed to Col. Erie T. de Jonckheere, Deputy for Technology and Subsystems, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

The text of the letter is as follows:

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
International Airport
Duluth, Minnesota

Col. Erie T. de Jonckheere
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Attn: ADXIN - July 11, 1966

Dear Sir:

The radar in use by the Federal Aviation Agency in Duluth would not be able to detect a target in the area you specified. Our radars are specifically oriented for aircraft control and have a maximum range of 60 miles.

We appreciate your inquiry and regret that we have no information for you.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
J. J. Simmons
Chief, Radar/Tower

JJS/vcl

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8 Sept. 66

Contact with Osceola AFS, Wisconsin concerning radar contact on the alleged UFO that was observed over Spooner, Wisconsin on the above date. Osceola AFS number is 715-784-2164.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO observation report from Spooner, Wisconsin on June 6, 1966.

UFO Observation: Spooner, Wisconsin, 6 June 1966

Federal Aviation Agency
Duluth International Airport
Duluth, Minnesota 55811

Dear Sirs:
This letter is to confirm our telephone report for 6 June 1966. We would appreciate your consideration.
We observed an unidentified object in the sky on 6 June 1966 at approximately 10:15 P.M. CST, about 10 to 15 miles from the Duluth Airport. The object was observed for approximately 20 to 25 minutes and was illuminated as it moved rapidly across the sky in a northerly direction. We would appreciate if you could have an investigation made of this occurrence. This information will enable us to make a firm evaluation.

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Capability

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: TIMER DATE: 5-7-66   
AGENCY DATE: 7-6-66

- page 4 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document reads as follows:

UFO Observations
Mrs. Phyllis Spooner
Reference your recent letter regarding unidentified observations made by yourself and enclosed information. The information in your letter is too vague and general for evaluation. The sketches you enclosed were too small to be useful. We wish to assure you that your name will not be released without your permission. Thank you for reporting your observations.

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Operations and Surveillance

COORDINATION: Major MAY

DATED: 22 June 1966

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, specifically an auto service center receipt or invoice. The text in the image is as follows:

MONTGOMERY WARD 109273-16
AUTO SERVICE CENTER
CUSTOMER: ANDERSON, INDIANA
ADDRESS: 1101 S. 2ND ST. ANDERSON, INDIANA
ACCOUNT NO: 25
CASH: $506.97
TOTAL AMOUNT PAID: $506.97
BALANCE: $0.63

The document contains various service items and their associated costs, including "INSTALL TIRES", "BALANCE WHEELS", "BRAKES", "INSTALL BATTERY", "INSTALL SEAT COVERS", "LUBRICATE AND CHANGE OIL", "INSTALL MUFFLER", and "INSTALL TAIL PIPE".

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

June 8, 1966 Spooner, Wisconsin
Sirs:  Sears 6-1966 appear 5:55 P.M. Over Spooner, Wis. I live close to town - on West side - When I walked out to the area where I park my car about 5:55 P.M. I saw a strange flying object move over town.

It moved very swiftly, moving at an angle, moving over the center of town, I noticed it was silvery in color and oblong in shape. It did not make a sound and as I watched it moved away towards the northwest and completely disappeared. The flight path was from the southeast to the northwest. The object moved very steadily and quietly, at an angle. It did not hover or make any sharp turns. It just moved swiftly and quietly across the sky and out of sight.

I have no other details to report. I did not have time to get binoculars or camera. I was very surprised and excited at seeing this strange object. It was very real and not any type aircraft I have ever seen before.

WISE.

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a handwritten document.

Dear sirs,

Having just received your report on a semi-identical appearing object a few days ago, it seemed to me another manifestation of the type of material that I have been investigating in the last several years. In response to your request for other visual observations that may help pin down this phenomena, I am enclosing a report on a sighting of mine which I feel may be of some value. 
The object in question was observed by myself as well as several others at approximately 5:40 p.m. central standard time on May 20, 1966 in the vicinity of Spooner, Wisconsin. It was a clear day with excellent visibility and the object was under observation for a total of 5-6 minutes. 
As I mentioned in the report, the object appeared to be in a controlled descent and exhibited characteristics that do not fit the description of any known man-made craft. The unusual aspect of this is that the descent was gradual and controlled rather than a ballistic type of trajectory. Please let me know if you have any other questions or if I can be of further assistance.

Sincerely,
Donald E. Keyhoe

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

we were seeing something. Reliable report, of being a sighting of a few seconds duration. It seemed to be an unusual object, can't recall the exact shape, but it was brightly lit. Following us a disrepected some distance, and then move upwards at terrific speed, enough to practically disappear to our sight in just a few seconds. It was flying or a quiet, calm manner, no smoke, no flames, just a bright object moving at phenomenal speed. It is unbelievable my nephew, who observed it also, his story check exactly with mine. I am quite puzzled enough to wonder just what I have seen. All I can say it was an object high in the sky, moving with tremendous speed, far beyond the capacity of any aircraft of that day.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

one startling feature alone the end - bright, soft glow beneath the object, I was not watching on  arrival at scene, but walked over to see object not over 800 feet from my location. observed to descend slowly, lights went out as landed. object on ground about 20-30 feet in diameter. approached to within 50 feet, unable to account satisfactorily. noted domed or conical top. base appeared to be slightly convex, grey-white in color. no windows, ports, or markings visible. remained on ground about 4-5 mins. then relit, rose vertically and disappeared in seconds at a terrific rate of speed. leaving no vapour trail. whole observation about 10 mins. went home and reported immediately to authorities.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Scanning the text:

Going to have to get out more information. Was waiting to receive some information pertaining to the case. I informed them that I understand better the condition which exists which could explain why it has not been reported. 

As my mind ponders this incident after taking some time for consideration and careful thought as to its nature is very reluctant to consider it seriously any longer.

Sincerely,
Anderson, Alabama
AG:rh

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force c
Information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any state or Federal agency.

1. When did you see the object? June 1966
2. Time of day: 10:30 (Circle One): A.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Spooner, Wisconsin
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was distance estimated? I've got no idea
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your back e. Don't remember

FTD OCT 42 164 This form supersedes FTD 142, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form with questions and checkboxes. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. Fewer
c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Fog, mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Snow
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Move slowly and steadily? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 13 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a United States Air Force project to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Moved across sky and vanished into the horizon. 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, such as a cloud? 
(Circle one): Yes    Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:___

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes    Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:___

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Nearly silent, practically soundless
b. Color: Bright orange-yellow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
9 4/63

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch all the details of the object that you saw such as wings, portruions, etc, and specifically show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of bright orange-yellow object with a round shape]
Approximately 7-8 times the diameter of a basketball, extremely bright orange-yellow color, no appendages, absolutely no sound, disappeared into the horizon, no trail or vapor trail.

- page 14 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, likely containing a questionnaire or report form filled out by an observer of a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 30 MPH
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile 
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane e. At sea f. Other an airFiELD
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In a rural area d. Near an airfield e. Flying over a city f. Flying over open country g. Other on the GROUND.
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses YES NO b. Sun glasses YES NO c. Binoculars YES NO d. Telescope YES NO e. Window glass YES NO f. Telescope YES NO g. Binoculars YES NO h. Other 
26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed us in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 30 MPH
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane e. At sea f. Other an airFiELD
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In a rural area d. Near an airfield e. Flying over a city f. Flying over open country g. Other on the GROUND.
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses YES NO b. Sun glasses YES NO c. Binoculars YES NO d. Telescope YES NO e. Window glass YES NO f. Telescope YES NO g. Binoculars YES NO h. Other
26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed us in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.

- page 15 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a diagram or sketch related to a UFO sighting. The diagram includes instructions for the observer to sketch the path and movement of the observed object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve that shows the highest the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the lowest point on the curve where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: REDACTED
ADDRESS: REDACTED 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: REDACTED
AGE: 24 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be relevant:
This is the first time I have ever seen anything like this. It was a clear night and the object was quite close. It made no sound and appeared to be hovering for a short time before moving off rapidly to the north.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
When: 6/13/66
To Whom: Air Force National

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document or form. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract all the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 Day 6 Month 66 Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative description of your sighting:

This is an almost a true picture of a recent sighting, early morning shortly after sunrise. This occurred at my home, 7 miles north of Spooner, Wisconsin (Washburn County), on a small rural dirt road. The sighting lasted about 30 seconds, during which time the object, described as varying in size, maneuvered rapidly, appeared to make slight course corrections, accelerated rapidly out of sight to the northwest at an amazing speed. This is an extremely good, bright, daytime sighting, quite unmatched, as far as I am concerned, with anything of this nature that I have experienced or observed on television. Careful analysis would indicate that this was not a conventional aircraft, balloon, satellite, meteor, or any other known object. This was a maneuverable, intelligently controlled object of unknown origin, either from this earth or elsewhere, moving at a fantastic speed compared to anything with which I am familiar.

- page 18 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO and a circular diagram labeled "TOP VIEW". There is no photograph present in this document.

26 JUNE 1966 - SPOONER, WISCONSIN
Disk-shaped object seen by several persons 20 to 30 yards overhead. Craft had windows.

TOP VIEW
(Circular diagram showing a UFO with several windows around the edge)

- page 19 -

