There does not appear to be any photograph included in this image. This appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 26 Oct, 66 1152
2. LOCATION Casey, Illinois
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 3 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE 85%
8. PHOTOS 0 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0 No
SATELLITE (Echo II) passed over 95^-40N at 1100Z on a southerly heading.
Observer watched a star like object, push-white in color, travel across the sky. The object appeared to be at about jet aircraft altitude. The sky was clear and the entire observation lasted for about 3 minutes. The factor that observer notes was that the object made a left and then a right turn during the flight path.
The description is consistent with that of a satellite observation. Echo II was over the area and should have been visible to the observer.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting.

U.F.O. SIGHTING
I am employed as a night watchman by the E.K. Garage, Casey, Ill. The sighting was made from the company premises.
The object in question came in from the northwest and was a definite brightly lighted object. It appeared to me to turn and proceed due south for a short space of time and then it made a slight turn and headed northwest. In relation to some powerlines and also two bright stars, it was definitely moving. In appear once, the object looked rather small in size. It also appeared to have a wavering side to side motion, and moved at approximately the same speed as a jet aircraft when seen on a clear night, so far as I could tell, was clear as a crystal. Also, there was no sound associated with the object so far as I could hear, and ideas, but to include them, I feel, would not constitute a fair and impartial report.

Casey, Ill.

A.F.T.C.
Project Bluebook
Intelligence Section
Dayton,Ohio

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a survey or questionnaire with various questions about the observed object and the weather conditions at the time.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Dull moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? c. Break up into parts or explode? d. Give off smoke? e. Change brightness? f. Change shape? g. Flash on and off? h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the case file for the incident that occurred on October 8, 1966 in Casey, Illinois.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object you observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 26 the Oct. 1966
2. Time of day: 5 : 25 Hours: 5 Minutes: 25
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Standard
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object? CASEY Illinois
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours: Minutes: Seconds: 5 certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? BY STOPWATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright (a) Bright
b. Cloudy (b) Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FORM FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
    (Circle One)  Yes   No
    IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
    (Circle One)  Yes   No
    IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    (Circle One):
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. At sea
    f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One):
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In the open countryside?
    d. Near an airfield?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North     c. East      e. South      g. West
        b. Northeast  d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest
    24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
    24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
        (Circle One)  Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses  Yes  (No)
    b. Sun glasses  Yes  (No)
    c. Windshield   Yes  (No)
    d. Window glass  Yes  (No)
    e. Binoculars   Yes  (No)
    f. Telescope    Yes  (No)
    g. Theodolite   Yes  (No)
    h. Other _________________

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
    object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. 
    While I was driving, I saw a bright light like a star, only much brighter and about the size of a dime. It had a light 
    coloured breast and under the breast would give a similar shape, as it was moving sort of slowly it would turn on its 
    side briefly and show a cigar shape. This is the best description I can give.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire with questions about the characteristics and behavior of a sighted object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
N/A

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - one
b. Color - Whitish - the same as a star.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
For this experiment I used a match from a book of matches and the object would have been about the same size as the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Drawing included in the image)

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
N/A

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - one
b. Color - Whitish - the same as a star.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
For this experiment I used a match from a book of matches and the object would have been about the same size as the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NAME: [REDACTED] 
LAST NAME: [REDACTED]
FIRST NAME: [REDACTED]
MIDDLE NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED], CASEY, ILLINOIS, [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 30
SEX: MALE
Approximately 50% of my driving is at night.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains instructions and diagrams for observers to fill out.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire with text fields for the respondent to fill out.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 10 1964 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

FTD (CDETDR) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433 
4 November 1966

Casey, Illinois 62420
Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 26 October 1966. The information contained in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached SPDR Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. 

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

