The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 7 Aug 66 0320z
2. LOCATION: Long Beach Island, New Jersey
10. DESCRIPTION: Astro(Venus-Jupiter)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers watched two similar objects in the sky. The two objects were compared to aluminum plates spinning or tumbling. The objects appeared as very bright shining on it. The two objects were observed for approximately 2 hours.
The description is consistent with that of an astronomical observation. Venus and Jupiter were both quite bright in the sky and were quite bright.
FTD SHF 23 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report. The page appears to be a form with questions and fields for the respondent to fill out, but no visual image is provided.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES. No

31.2 Please list their name and address:
Ave. Eliz. n.j.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME  Last Name   First Name   Middle Initial
ADDRESS Street Elizabeth 07202 City State Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 33 SEX FEMALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be pertinent.
My HUSBAND, is director city ELIZ. N.J.
prior Scientist, Eliz - private boss

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Approx

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a typed narrative response to a questionnaire. The text reads:

"OBJECTS TO ME THRU AN OPEN WINDOW. WAKENED MY WIFE AND WE WATCHED FROM THE PORCH, UNTIL DAWN. THEY DISAPPEARED. WE TOOK PICTURES, BUT NOTHING DEVELOPED."

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433
APPLY TO
TDST/UFO 
SUBJECT: UFO Observation - 7 Aug 66
TO: Mrs. A. Monahon
541 Smith Avenue
Barnegat, New Jersey 08201
Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation.
The envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.
(Signed)
GEORGE C. MANANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems
PTD Form 164 w/env

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, consisting of handwritten text.

Dear Sir:
On August 7, 1966 at my home for a period of a bout 10 to 15 minutes, my brother and I saw a bright light in the sky. It appeared to be the same as the one a friend from the area had seen before. 
We saw it lower than the rest of the stars and it then seemed to vanish... It took this light 10 to 15 minutes to get too high to continue to see it. This is about all I can tell you and with assurance. Fwend 165.

- page 5 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a stylized cartoon character or figure. The sketch consists of simple lines and shapes, including a large circular shape with a smiling facial expression and additional lines and shapes suggesting a body or other elements. There is no photographic image present in this document page.

LONG BEACH ISLAND, NEW JERSEY
Sketch showing what the witness claim to have seen in the sky on 8/14/66. The sketch was made by the witness and sent to Project Blue Book at Wright-Patterson AFB.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing handwritten text.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Since their latest evening visit
a few things about - their head a following
yet of many airplanes. I saw in
the parish of the ocean
believe that with a good
any other reports I have ever
such a sight at that time
Yours truly,

P.S. My husband a Police
at  and my son did
at  well.

- page 7 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire related to a sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as complete and accurate information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give us will be used in connection with any further investigation or analysis that may be deemed necessary, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 7-7-66
2. Time of day: (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Beach Haven Marina, Long Beach Island, N.J.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) - Minutes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear, b. Night, c. Bright, d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? b. To your right

FTO Form OCT 23 1964 This form supersedes FTO 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 8 -

This page does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a questionnaire or form related to the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember
9.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Can't remember?
10. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered or broken clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember
10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Lights or lighted
d. Don't remember
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter 
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know
11.1 Compared to some common object: DISTANT NAKED LIGHT BULB
12. The edge of the object were: (Circle One): 
a. Fully outlined
b. Blurred
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? STARS DIMMED, THEN DISAPPEARED, CAME, CAUSED FADED OUT.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: VERY BRIGHT
b. Color: BRILLIANT WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. Then tell us how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the part of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving.
BRIGHTNESS

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/field?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other ALL CAN BE

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East  
d. Southeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West 
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: 
a. Binoculars Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) 
c. Window-sill Yes (No)
d. Windshield Yes (NO)
e. Telescope YES (No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.
LIGHT A SHINING ON IT VERY BRIGHT A VERY. LIGHT

- page 11 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch includes a compass rose and instructions for the observer, such as placing an "A" on the survey to indicate the sighting location and direction of the observed object.

Text transcription:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the survey where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same survey to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) where you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object, and a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion or movement of the object or objects. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
NONE
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
TWO
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

STATIONARY

- page 12 -

