The image contains a document titled "PROJECT 10073 RECORD" which appears to be a report from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, documenting a sighting of a possible aircraft in Port Washington, New York on November 3, 1966. The report notes that the observer noticed a stationary glowing object above and some tall trees, and that the object was not shaped like an aircraft, exhibiting a distinct glow from the object and no projections were noted. The report concludes that the object was a "Possible (AIRCRAFT?)".

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE, TIME GROUP 3 November 66 04/6025
2. LOCATION Port Washington, New York
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Several Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE None
8. PHOTOS 0
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0
10. CONCLUSION Possible (AIRCRAFT?)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Observer noticed a stationary glowing object above some tall trees. The object was not shaped like an aircraft, and no projections were noted. The object exhibited a distinct glow from the object, and no projections were noted. No other reports or sightings were received.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements, only handwritten text. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

3 December 66

Dear Washington: 77.41, 1550

Re: c. u. f. o.

It was seen at 6:03" p.m. There was low stratus cloud cover, visibility approximately 1½ miles. The object appeared to be 800-1000 feet above the ground and was traveling in a straight line at an estimated speed of 100-150 mph. It was shaped something like an "anvil" though somewhat rounded at the top. The color was a whitish luminescent glow. The object was visible for about 1 minute and then disappeared completely. No sound was noted. The object was seen by 2 observers, both of whom are considered reliable. One observer was a retired naval officer. The other was a retired businessman. Both are personal friends of the writer.

- page 2 -

The image contains a handwritten diagram with some text. There is no photograph present in this image.

The text in the image is as follows:

the 6 31 - 63 mop pore of the and viewed a ase of the and of the s it by about t had probably seen a fry of this not all ot 5 we day

Has theren Blved

T found on a Rd.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

a more
a 2 this
to be drawn
the of ful l
of the
was about
so and

but this
they the 6f as son they
in on
at near says
this as at

cannot and seem
is if so, seem
some that
on my the and
but

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. Based on the context provided, this appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

To date, we have made no real significant observations regarding the strange objects which appeared to be flying in the sky 1, 18 October 1966, in the vicinity of Port Washington, New York. The report received from Lt (name redacted) of the Port Washington Police Department, indicates that a number of officers saw several strange objects in the sky at approximately 1930 hours on the above date. The objects were described as being oval shaped, bright white in color, and moving at a relatively high rate of speed. They appeared to be at an altitude of approximately 2000 feet. The objects were observed for a period of approximately 5 minutes. Several other calls were received from local residents reporting the same observations. No further information is available at this time regarding these sightings. We will continue to follow up on this report and any other similar reports that may be received.

- page 5 -

