The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a declassified U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 23 MAY 55 23/1756
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 5 Minutes 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE N/A
8. PHOTOS
  D Yes
  Z No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
  D Yes
  Z No
10. CONCLUSION Aircraft (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted object which appeared as a light which was brighter than the brightest stars. There was about 10 red lights in a circular pattern with one white light in the middle. Object was flying in a northeast direction.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It shows a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a questionnaire that appears to be completed by someone who observed an unidentified flying object.

Here is the text transcribed from the image:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? May 19 66 Year
2. Time of day: 2:15 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ADDICKS CANAL BRIDGE Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy (Circle One): a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FORM FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a questionnaire or report form. 

The text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No/Don't know, etc.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

ONLY A WHITE LIGHT IN CENTER

YES

NO

NONE

CIRCULAR RED LIGHT
WHITE LIGHT IN CENTER

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with various questions and answer options.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 100-120 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1000FT

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane e. At sea f. Other 

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. NONE

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch and diagram. The sketch shows a curved line with markers indicating the angle of an object above the horizon. The diagram shows a compass rose. There are also instructions and questions related to determining the direction and number of objects observed.

Page 3
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.
90
75
60
45
30
15
0
NW N NE
W E
SW S SE
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONE
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
NE DIRECTION

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. However, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
SAME ADDRESS

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 22 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
ON WATCH NATIONAL GUARD BASE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
15 day Month 1966 Year
GAINESVILLE F.D., SHERIFF, OTHERS CHECKING IN THE AREA

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a form-like layout containing various fields and sections.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  22 May 66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

