The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 JUL 66 - 3/0627Z

2. LOCATION
Rendleton, Illinots

3. CIVILIANS
One

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 - 30 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground, Air-Visual (EYE)

7. COURSE
Circled, 5 degrees above horizon, moved in erratic manner, landed, then disappeared from view.

8. CONCLUSION
Possible (Balloon)
PHOTO: Other (NO IMAGE)
Description is consistent with what of a balloon sighting.

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a blank page with the text "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and "UNCLASSIFIED" printed on it.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what looks like a distorted or blurred image, possibly of a UFO or aerial phenomenon. The image takes up the majority of the page and appears to have some text or labels surrounding it, though the text is not legible in this particular image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION ASSESSMENT
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a blank page or a page with no visible photograph. There is only text at the top of the image that says "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document titled "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and marked as "UNCLASSIFIED". The majority of the image is filled with a grainy, static-like pattern, likely due to the scanning process. There is no other visual content present in this image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a blank, grainy black and white image with no visible content or photograph. There is no photograph present in this particular page from the Project Blue Book document.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an empty space with the text "UNCLASSIFIED" above and below it.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 7 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a grainy, black and white image. It does not seem to depict any identifiable objects or subjects, but rather appears to be a blurred or distorted image. As an OCR system, I will now extract all the text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a photograph or image from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The photograph shows a grainy, black and white image that does not appear to contain any discernible objects or structures. It seems to be a blurry, static-like image with no clear focus or subject matter.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

The image appears to contain a black and white photographic image that is heavily obscured and difficult to make out any distinct details. There does not appear to be any legible text or other visible information within the image itself.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image appears to be a blank or grainy page, with no discernible photograph present. As an OCR system, the text extracted from the document is as follows:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS ALASKAN AIR COMMAND
APO SEATTLE 98749

16 September 1966

ALNT
UFO Photography (TD-ETR ltr, No date)
TO: FTD (TD-ETR)
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

The following information is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2, paragraph 13 a (3):
a. Kodak Retina III C, 35 mm
b. Retina - Xenon - C, F 2.0, 50 mm lens
c. 160 ASA Ektachrome
d. Varied from 30 to 500
e. F stop about 8 (semi-automatic)
f. Kodak Skylight haze filter (filter 32)
g. Camera was hand held
h. No
i. Direction 320°, Angle 10° to 15°

FOR THE COMMANDER
/s/ THOMAS E. JOHNSON, Colonel, USAF
ACS/Intelligence

- page 12 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a blank, grainy space with the text "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page, respectively.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a blank, grainy image. The text at the top of the image reads "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. TIME-DATE GROUP 25/060602
2. LOCATION CIVILIAN
3. NOTIFIC Civilian  
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 1 hour
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Straight Up
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION Unexplained
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched object which appeared to be about as large as a car hovering near the ground. It hovered about 10 to 15 feet above the car, then accelerated and disappeared vertically at a high rate of speed. The object was described as being dome-shaped and emitting a faint glow. There were no other peculiar or unusual phenomena observed in the area at the time.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" which is used to collect information about a sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes so that your name will not be associated with this personal information, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 25 July 66
2. Time of day: 2:00 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near intersection of Royce ... how Lane & come a out Lane, Mich.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Approximately 5:00 minutes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright b. NIGHT c. Clear d. BRIGHT e. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In back of you b. To your right c. Overhead d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, possibly from 1966, containing a questionnaire or survey for the observer of a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter than usual
b. Dimmer than usual
c. Visible around the object
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight, very dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid, brighter, changing
b. Briefly
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:...

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Clearly outlined

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?             Yes | No | Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes | No | Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?               Yes | No | Don't know
d. Give off smoke or vapor trail?                Yes | No | Don't know
e. Change brightness?                           Yes | No | Don't know
f. Change shape?                                Yes | No | Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?                             Yes | No | Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?                       Yes | No | Don't know

- page 17 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified flying object. The sketch is accompanied by text on the page, which appears to be part of a questionnaire or report related to the sighting of the object.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? These were accelerated to the air swiftly and the speed was tremendous.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: It appeared to follow the white of the clouds.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: The strange sound sounded like an aerial roar
b. Color: Shining bright, fast changing colors that flashed green, orange, blue, silver, and white

18. Was the object's distance and size estimated? If so, please give your estimate: Impossible to determine exact size, but quite small in relation to the speed and maneuvers. I would estimate it may have been 30 to 40 feet in diameter.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object (no you saw) such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The hand-drawn sketch in the image depicts an elongated, egg-shaped UFO object.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing various questions and responses filled out by a witness.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes - (No) The witness answered "No" to this question.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes - (No) The witness answered "Estimate 2 minutes, distance could not be determined accurately" to this question.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. Outside, c. In an automobile, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other. The witness circled option b. "Outside".

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open country?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other. The witness circled option c. "In open country".

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest. The witness circled option c. "East". 24.2 How fast were you moving? _2-3 miles per hour_. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes - (No) The witness answered "No" to this question.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses? Yes - (No), b. Sun glasses? (Yes) - No, c. Windshield? Yes - (No), d. Window glass? (Yes) - No, e. Binoculars? (Yes) - No, f. Telescope? (Yes) - No, g. Theodolite? (Yes) - No, h. Other. The witness circled options b. and d.

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. The witness provided the following description: "A shaped beam of light, around 60 feet long, pulsating with an irredescant [sic] pastel colored motion, which seemed to provide illumination of the surrounding area of about a 500 foot radius in a uniform glow. No noise or heat radiation was observed."

- page 19 -

The image contains a sketch diagram and a handwritten note, but no photograph. The sketch diagram shows a compass-like graphic and instructions for illustrating the motion of an unidentified object. The handwritten note describes the observed motion of multiple objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The only indication of a photograph is the filename which mentions a PDF document, but the image provided does not appear to contain a photograph.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text in the image:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If no give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS - [REDACTED] Greenville N.C.
TELEPHONE NUMBER - None
AGE - 22 SEX - Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
As a Civil Defence Air raid warden and an amateur radio operator, I feel I have a better than average knowledge of the weather and aircraft in this area. I saw no familiar aircraft of helicopter in the sky that night and this object was completely different in appearance and movement.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
No one This was the first and only time I have ever seen anything like this. It appeared about 6 miles southeast of Greenville, N.C. about 7:00 p.m. on [REDACTED].

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

Based on the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) of the text in the document, the output is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Monday August 1 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

It is my recollection that I saw an object moving rapidly overhead at an estimated altitude of only 100-200 feet or less. It seemed to be cigar-shaped and dark in color. I also believe it did not make any noise that I could hear. When I first saw it, I was driving a little gravel road with me, and it seemed to be hovering or moving very slowly. My initial impression was that it was an aircraft, possibly a small jet, but it did not seem to be making any noise nor did it appear to have wings or other conventional aircraft features. It was moving at a remarkable rate of speed and changed directions almost instantly without slowing down. I am quite sure that what I saw was not a conventional aircraft, although it is possible that it was some sort of experimental craft or device. There seems to be no natural explanation for what I witnessed. I was quite startled and amazed by what I saw, and it certainly would be extremely difficult to account for in any conventional way. The sighting was a brief one, lasting probably no more than 10-15 seconds, and I was unable to get a good look at it as it passed overhead so rapidly. I would be glad to provide any additional information that might be helpful in understanding or evaluating this incident. (Signed)

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS ALASKAN AIR COMMAND
AND SEATTLE WP-25

ALIFT                                                  29 AUG 1966

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 20 July 1966 (DEDR LTR, Undated)

TO: PIO (CD-EP)
    W.L.GARRISON APB, OHIO 45433

1. As attempt to reach the photographer, Mr. [redacted], has failed as he is on leave until 12 September 1966. Personnel at the Elmendorf, Alaska Flight Service do not know where he can be reached.

2. A letter has been directed to [redacted] requesting the required information, by telephone, upon his return.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

THOMAS B. JOHNSON, Colonel, USAF
ADJ/DCS-Intelligence

- page 23 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Page 4

This is of course in only my recommendation by may what means the writing from your paragraph. I would like to suggest an explanation my conclusion against same this. I cannot on a reasonable basis, it denied nor dismiss the report given, or the many details herein. This siting is evidently not imaginary, there is no indication whatever this is as a hoax or fantasy fiction. The contents are wholly straightforward and sober, and the witness apparently a sincere and intelligent observer.

It was merely for night, the 20th around 11:00 p.m., this incident occurred without warning. The witness reports that a maneuverable object, steady not too brilliant yet luminous, and clearly visible against the night sky, approached the scene low the ground, stopped briefly then accelerated at tremendous speed and direction departing rapidly. We have no other accounts from this location to corroborate the siting, but the report itself indicates a credible first-hand observation with no apparent motive to falsify, and reveals an event which would be most unusual and difficult to dismiss. I do not see any elements in the report suggestive of exaggeration or invention, but rather a matter-of-fact recital of what the witness apparently observed.

In this instance we have no physical evidence, such as photographs or other tangible data. But the narrative has the ring of authenticity, and merits serious consideration and investigation if practicable. I would further recommend pursuit of any leads or similar incidents from that general region and time period, which may serve to establish or refute the factual basis of this report.

P.S. please let me know if you have any questions.

Sincerely,
[Signature]

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter dated July 27, 1966, from East Carolina College in Greenville, North Carolina.

EAST CAROLINA COLLEGE
GREENVILLE, N.C.

July 27, 1966

Director, Quartermaster 4.1, Major, USAA
Research & Development A.R.F.
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

On the night of July 26, 1966 a strange, unexplained event happened to me. It was observed between Goldsboro and Rougemont, N.C. & encountered a large glare resembling a light intensified as for a vehicle, Alt.[?] glare coming from a wooded area appeared to stop and reappear about 100 yards away. As I was coming from a wooded area, it stopped my car for a while & I stopped and got out to try to determine what could be causing this phenomenon.

As I shined my car light toward the glare, whatever it was, it seemed to move away and disappear in the distance. I can't be sure whether it was a one-time occurrence or whether it will recur. I felt that this was a strange and unusual event, and I would appreciate any information or suggestions you may care to give me concerning my experience.

Yours truly,
[Signature]

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document from East Carolina College in Greenville, North Carolina. The text in the document is as follows:

"EAST CAROLINA COLLEGE 
GREENVILLE, N. C. 

The object continued around. We climbed in any kind and it appeared so bright on a day that was 3-4:00 and it seemed so close to us we could hardly believe we saw it. It would disappear and reappear some 50 to 100 yards away from us. It seemed to be lighted from within.
I tried to phone the civil defense office in Greenville, but an hour had elapsed before the observer could get thru. They did not seem much interested. 
The object remained in the sky and we watched it for some 30 minutes, then it suddenly disappeared - just winked out. I believe we may have seen an unidentified object. I feel definite that it was not an aircraft, or satellite, or meteor, or any other natural phenomenon we could name with certainty. In short, it defied all known classifications and identification. We feel quite certain it was something extraordinary, and whatever it was, its behavior was very strange and unusual. I have never seen anything like it before. We were much amazed and intrigued by the object."

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter from someone at East Carolina College in Greenville, North Carolina. The letter discusses arranging a meeting or visit, and is signed by the sender, whose name has been redacted.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Dear Mr. All -
I have all of your
and military file recently.
I must say all of your
military - this report of Captain
Hollan incident which was
related during your recent
experience and others of
the 25th, in the morning.
I am a graduate of East Carolina
College. I have a student of
that institution. I can say
that there is interest in
this matter.
Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Greenville, North Carolina

- page 27 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten note that reads "Sir: Please reply as soon as possible. A report night with the eyewitness of this object."

OCR Text:
Sir: 
Please reply as soon as possible. A report night with the eyewitness of this object.

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

ATTN (DETR)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
25 JULY 1966

GREENVILLE, NORTH CAROLINA 27834

Reference your recent letter regarding your unidentified observation which took place on the morning of 25 July 1966. The information in your letter has been carefully evaluated. As you requested on the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Acting as an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

TDCTR/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR/70916/mas 30 AUG 66
UFO SIGHTING, 20 JULY 1966 (ALRT LTR, 3 AUG 66)
HQ ALASKAN AIR COMMAND
ALRT: ALRT
Reference your letter of 3 August 1966 regarding the unidentified observations over Anchorage on 20 July 1966. To aid in our analysis of this incident, request you provide information as outlined in paragraph 13(a) of AFR 200-2 in order that a photo analysis may be performed. Upon completion of analysis we will return the negatives to your office.
FOR THE COMMANDER 
WARREN S. WALKER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:
MYVEY M.V. QUINTANILLA, JR DATE: 22 AUG 66
TYDFST DATE: 22 AUG 66

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO sighting on July 20, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS AEROSPACE DEFENSE COMMAND
APO SEATTLE 98737

3 AUG 1966

ALRT
UFO Sighting, 20 July 1966

AFSC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. The UFO was first sighted at Nondalton, Alaska, and observed by Mr. [REDACTED] of Iliamna, Alaska, by the object headed south and was observed at Iliamna. Particulars are provided in paragraph 2.

2. The following information is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2:

a. Description of the object:
(1) Round.
(2) Approximately 8 ft. in diameter.
(3) Transparent, silvery.
(4) One.
(5) N/A.
(6) Drooping.
(7) Able to hover, move against the wind, climb and descend at the same rate as a Cessna 180.
(8) None.
(9) None.

b. Description of Course of Object:
(1) Visual sighting.
(2) None at first second sighting at Iliamna was 27 degrees between 3 to 4 miles.
(3) Observers do not know.
(4) From Nondalton to Iliamna, 18 miles south. Mr. [REDACTED] said

Soul 164 s

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Output all the text found in the document:

Dle aircraft was travelling at 100 MPH and climbing away from him. The Cessna aircraft climbed 500 feet per minute and could not catch the object.

(2) the object was not seen to disappear as the aircraft were landed before visual contact was lost.

(3) 10 minutes at Nondalton by pilot Smith and by people on the ground for 30 minutes by numerous people at Iliamna for 30 minutes.

a. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground visual, air visual.
(2) Binoculars.
(3) Cessna 1822 Tango from Nondalton; Cessna 180 from Iliamna. (Owner: Mr. Quam).

b. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) 21/06/72.
(2) Daylight; bright and clear.

c. Location of the Observers:
(1) Nondalton, Alaska (6001 N 15450 W).
(2) Iliamna, Alaska (5945 N 15455 W).

d. Identifying Information on Observers:
(1) Mr. ****** ********, Anchorage, Alaska; professional pilot with 13 years experience.
(2) ********* **********, Iliamna Flight Service Station, Chief of Flight Service.

e. Weather and Winds:
(1) Surface winds calm.
6,000 feet 130 degrees at 08 knots.
10,000 feet 120 degrees at 13 knots.
15,000 feet 120 degrees at 18 knots.
20,000 feet 120 degrees at 23 knots.
30,000 feet 120 degrees at 43 knots.
60,000 feet 120 degrees at 63 knots.

- page 32 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

(a) General weather was clear with unlimited visibility.
None.
None.
The analysis of the information, as stated above, points towards the possibility of the object being a balloon, possibly weather. All agencies that are connected with this function have been contacted without a decisive for a balloon.
(1) EVIDENCE OF PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
Film is attached. Some 35mm slides of the object. A strip of this film is attached. Some markings are on the film but do not obstruct the object. The analysis value of this film is negligible.

FOR THIS COMMANDER
THOMAS B. JOHNSON, Colonel, USAF
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the image states: "This case contains 13 8x10" photos and 5.875" strips of motion picture film."

- page 34 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a blurry or distorted image, possibly depicting some kind of aerial or atmospheric phenomenon. There are no identifiable objects or people in the photograph.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 35 -

