The image does not contain any photographs, only a document with text describing a UFO sighting. The text from the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
15 April 66 16/0352
2. LOCATION
Arvada, Colorado (1 Witness)
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-visual
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS
5 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object appeared as a red light moving slowly. Appeared to be extremely high and looked like a balloon with glass containers or garment bags. The balloon was held on a string.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text that describes an incident where the Arvada Police captured an unidentified flying object, referred to as a "bulky balloon".

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Arvada Police Capture UFO - A Bulky Balloon
Arvada police captured an unidentified flying object falling through the air sky. It was placed in the air by pranksters earlier in the evening, according to officers, and calls to the Rocky Mountain News resulted in its discovery. It turned out to be a a large plastic balloon, about 100 pounds, floating eastward slowly and visible from three miles, emitting no sound.
First sighting of the object came to the Arvada Police Department at 8:38 p.m. Residents reported seeing flares turned out and the elongated UFO fall to the ground in a churchyard at W 62nd Ave and Carr St., where it was recovered by Arvada Patrolmen Daniel E. Bradley.
First sign of the balloon's recovery was at 8:55 p.m., bringing added excitement that it had exploded. Officers said the balloon, which appeared to have been made of plastic material inflated to gigantic size, measured about eight feet in diameter and was constructed with a wire mesh.
UFO sightings have been reported for a week in the Denver area, most originating in the Golden and Lakewood areas.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

BASE OPERATIONS
242ND AIR BASE GROUP
LOWRY TECHNICAL TRAINING CENTER (ATTC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE 30, COLORADO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 1 SO 

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be called in and reported to the Air Defense Command immediately to comply with Air Force regulations:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: ROUND 1 RIGHT 
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following: pinhead, pea, dime, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, basketball, beach ball, or basketball)_BAWFULLY HIGH 
(3) Color: REDDISH
(4) Number: 2
(5) Formation, if more than one.
(6) Any discernible features or details.

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to object

(8) Sound. If heard, describe sound.

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features.

- page 3 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text found in the document:

b. Description of course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): ARVADA EAST (7:32)
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed:
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): ARVADA EAST 5:10 AM 8/57
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the etc.): 
(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 min. hour, etc.): 10 MIN

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, Ground-electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify forth) visual and described therefor): BINOCULAR

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. Time and Date of Sightings:
(1) Full time-date group of sighting: 16/0235Z

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

Transcribing the text:

(2) Light conditions: (Use one of the following terms: night, dark, twilight, daylight, or location of observer(s). Report latitude and longitude of observer(s) and/or geographical position. This also should be given in detailed reports, such as "Sec 24 T3N R74W of Denvil Co., Colorado". Or, if Blue light-"Geographical position as location at time of report). Difficulty or impossibility of transmitting observer's message or report should be noted. SAMPLE: 89 45H, 394 737 for 39 45N, 104 737W.
f. Identifying Information on Observer(s): (1) Civilian--Name, age, address, occupation, and reliability. GOOD COPY - FILE NO. 1650 COPY ARVADA
(2) Military--Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimated reliability.
g. Weather and Winds--Air's Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office 20,000 ft. contour chart in degrees and knots for surface, 5,000 ft., and 10,000 ft. levels--6,000's 10.
(3) Ceiling.
(4) Visibility.
(5) Amount of cloud cover.
(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.
3

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned document with text and a signature at the bottom.

Transcription of the text from the document:

a. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

b. Interception or identification action taken (such action may have been taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).

c. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight.

d. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including a preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting (if).

e. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

Airborne Officer

- page 6 -

