The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 22 JAN 66 2350
2. LOCATION: Yellow Springs, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 - 6 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: -
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer noted in air, bright light with smaller white light. No shape was apparent but the lights must have been attached to something. Object was like a green traffic light viewed through a rising or falling mist.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a series of questions and answer choices related to the observation of an unidentified object.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Scattered clouds, c. Thick or heavy clouds, d. Don't remember
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: The object was a brilliant glare, which was brighter than ordinary traffic light.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) Appear to stand still at any time? / Suddenly speed up and fly away at any time? / Break up into parts or explode? / Give off smoke? / Change brightness? / Change shape? / Move in straight line or zigzag? / Disappear and reappear?

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object gradually disappeared. It seemed to move away at a constant rate.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes. It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): No.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: The object made no sound as it moved and disappeared.
b. Color: Bright green, light with dark tips (lights).

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 5 degrees.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
The drawing shows a green, round light with no distinct shape or features, moving from right to left.

OCR OUTPUT:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object would gradually disappear. It seemed to move away at a constant rate.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes. It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): No.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: The object made no sound as it moved and disappeared.
b. Color: Bright green, light with dark tips (lights).

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 5 degrees.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
The drawing shows a green, round light with no distinct shape or features, moving from right to left.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 105 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 7-8 MILES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car   
c. Outdoors
d. Automobile (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 60 M.P.H.miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

An object which appeared the same size as a star, but was a greater intensity of light from the point of observation 1 mile.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document and contains text and diagrams.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] Dayton 3, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AGE 18 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
MILITARY 20-30 VISION FOG IN THE AIR FORCE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
22 Day MONTH 1964 YEAR
Air Force Logistics Command WPAFB

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 July 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Of the static wave sighted, the area was uniformed almost solely of bright green lights, and sizable mass objects of no reasonable description or identifiable characteristics. I may have seen in grossly inadequate but quite probable actual material craft, but I saw no more than what lights would do in this sort of manifestation. I may not relate or even guess at their purpose, but to do so would be more in keeping with my own imaginative processes than the actual observations. I hope this gives you a clear picture, and please don't hesitate to ask any more questions if you require further elaboration.

I have yours,
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 22 May 1966
2. Time of day: 2:55 Hour 55 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving c. Central d. Mountain e. Pacific f. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Yellow Springs, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 1 Minutes 20 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Observed
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight 
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and dash away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Suddenly stop and hover or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this particular page. 

Text Transcription:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No, it did not disappear.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes (Circle One): Don't Know.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes (Circle One): Don't Know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: A hiss
b. Color: Bright green with white trailing edges
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Best estimate match height.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. Remark - No picture.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think-you-can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1-3 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea 
f. Other ______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 15-20 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give us clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A bright, fast, flat object

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that includes instructions and diagrams related to observing and describing unidentified flying objects.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please give their names and addresses: [redacted]

Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: 17
SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[redacted]

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day Month Year
[redacted]

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or questionnaire, with a handwritten response in the provided space.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  22 March 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

N/A

- page 14 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which appears to be a questionnaire form for collecting information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 22 4 66 
2. Time of day: 5:29 Minutes 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Central b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? John Bryan State Park Yellow Springs, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes 6 Seconds 0
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Pretty sure on time radio announcement only on car radio
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ___ No _
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Hazy a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM OCT 52 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 15 -

