There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing text.

1. DATE - T I ME GROUP: 14 NOV 66 1500/1554
2. LOCATION: SANDUSKY, OHIO 
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: three
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 hour 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: ground - visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. ELEVATION: 50 degrees
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: none
10. CONCLUSION: Observers watched three flashing lights for an extended period, however, after observing them for a time, they concluded that the objects were ordinary night lights and their flashing was due to their distance and hazy atmospheric conditions. They concluded the objects were not extraordinary and lacked further evidence of their identity.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers watched three flashing lights for an extended period, however, after observing them for a time, they concluded that the objects were ordinary night lights and their flashing was due to their distance and hazy atmospheric conditions. They concluded the objects were not extraordinary and lacked further evidence of their identity.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically an Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as accurately as possible. The information that you provide will be considered in connection with other similar reports and statements. We request this personal information as to the extent that it is deemed necessary and your further details.

1. When did you see the object? 10-26-66 Year
2. Time of day: 7:15 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other __________
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy d. Overcast NIGHT: a. Bright b. Slightly overcast c. Mostly cloudy d. Very dark
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

8. IF you saw the OBJECT at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS: (Circle One) 
a. A few
b. Many
c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON: (Circle One)
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
[Space for written response]

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes - No - Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes - No - Don't know
c. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No - Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes - No - Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes - No - Don't know
f. Oscillate or wobble? Yes - No - Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes - No - Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No - Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions for the witness to answer about their UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or investigation.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northwest
c. East
d. Northeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
Yes No
b. Sunglasses
Yes No
c. Windshield
Yes No
d. Window glass
Yes No
e. Binoculars
Yes No
f. Telescope
Yes No
g. Theodolite
Yes No
h. Other _______________________________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a document with instructions and diagrams related to UFO observations. The image consists of a diagram showing an angle to measure the height of an object above the horizon, as well as a compass rose diagram. The instructions ask the viewer to draw a picture to show the motion of the object or objects and to indicate how many objects there were, if more than one.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: Month: Year:

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

SPITTED RED & GREEN LT
OUR NASA
SAW TWO NIGHTS 15TH & 16TH
ABOUT EIGHT PEOPLE HAVE SEEN THIS
HE WAS CALLING LONG DISTANCE SO STRAND
HIS NAME AND ADDRESS TO HAVE A REPORT
FORWARDED.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from DAVID L. STILES, Acting Chief, Civil Branch, Community Interactions Division, to Miss Turnure/SAF-OIC, dated October 10, 1967.

The text of the document is as follows:

Miss Turnure/SAF-OIC/TG326/Oct 10, 1967

Dear Mr. Turnure,

Thank you for your report of the unidentified flying object that you observed in November 1966. Investigations should be impersible to conduct at this time.

If you are fortunate enough to sight another unidentified flying object, please contact the nearest Air Force base immediately. It is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STILES
Major, USAF
Acting Chief, Civil Branch
Community Interactions Division

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing text only.

Proposed reply to letter from Mr. August 22, 1957

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Thank you for your report of the unidentified flying object that you observed in November 1966. Although a scientific investigation would be impossible to conduct at this time, your report will be retained as part of our data base. If you are fortunate enough to observe another unidentified flying object, please contact the nearest Air Force base immediately, for they are in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to "Major Quintanilla" from someone in Watertown, New York, dated August 22, 1967.

Text from the document:

WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO

Dear Major Quintanilla:

In the current September, Mechanix-Illustrated, I read with interest your interview, Blue Book and your interview.

I am an Asst. Chief Engineer of Radio Station WPAS-FM located just five miles due west of USAF Base at Watertown, New York where the observation is excellent.

Just a few movements I gone on duty at 6 P.M. 1800 hours, on a Sunday. The temperature was 40 below freezing. The wind was light. Sky was clear. Up in the 0110 F.M. the object came from the northerly direction. It was my first observation of this nature.

Almost direct overhead for an instant. It was lit up in an eerie bluish light, slightly trailing a bright exhaust con.The object appeared to be about 30 feet long, with its red flashing beacons. He called to me to hurry inside the observation tower, which contained forecast and showing gear for the station. Before I could react, the object moved off in a northerly direction. It was lit up in an eerie bluish light, slightly trailing a bright exhaust con.

Almost as much as I strained to hear, only the rustle of wind thru the trees could be detected. The object was very clearly defined against the sky, and I watched it into my binoculars for the sequence of events happen this way. As the Chief parked his car and alighted, he saw this very bright beam flashing, and as quick as a flash it was gone. I didn't give it much thought until I was directly overhead. At this point, I looked up and saw the overhead object again heading in an easterly course. Of course, I didn't get out of the building. a minute went by and the overhead object was now fading and the sighting was over.

In summing up, what we saw was definitely not a plane, or a helicopter, or meteors, or any known object in the sky. I would be glad to elaborate on any further questions. Enclosed is a sketch of what I saw.

Yours very truly,

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. In your name, we will not be used in connection with any information. However, should this personal information so indicate that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 14 NOV 60 - Night

2. Time of day: 11:15 HOUR MINUTE (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? SANDUSKY, OHIO City or Town STATE or COUNTY

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 HOUR MINUTES SECONDS

5.1 How was light determined? a. Certain b. Not very sure

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy c. Bright d. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

FTD 66'64 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or illustration depicting a UFO or aircraft along with accompanying text. The central feature is a rectangular shape, possibly representing a license or document, surrounded by chaotic lines and scribbles. The text mentions "DIRECTION OF FLIGHT, NORTH WARD" and "DARK BLUE SKY".

DIRECTION OF FLIGHT, NORTH WARD
ROADS OF BLUE LIGHT 
THOUGHT ABOUT 176-178 MP
DARK BLUE SKY

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a handwritten sketch or diagram related to a UFO sighting or report. The drawing depicts a rectangular object with what looks like rays or emanations around it, along with some text annotations. There is no identifying information about any individuals present in the image.

PROJECT REALIZATION OF FLIGHT
OBJECT UNKNOWN
WANING OF BLUE LIGHT
WANDERING ABOUT 10:25-10:30 P.M.

- page 14 -

The image appears to contain a black and white photograph of what looks like an aircraft or UFO in the sky. The object has an elongated, triangular shape and is silhouetted against the clear sky. There is text below the image that says "Wham Bham UHM York", but no other textual information is visible in the image.

WHAM BHAM UHM YORK

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a letter or envelope addressed to Major Hector Quintanilla at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio.

WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
Dayton
OHIO

Attention of:
Major Hector Quintanilla
(Project Blue Book)

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated February 7, 1967.

Text Transcription:
FEB - 7 1967

Dear Sir:

Reference your letter requesting information on unidentified flying objects (UFOs) sighted in this area. A comprehensive investigation has been conducted and the evaluation indicates that no objects could be related to the blackouts.

In accordance with your request, no additional information will be added to the present data case; however, a comprehensive investigation is not possible since the sightings are considered isolated incidents.

Thank you for your letter. Your interest in our program is appreciated.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Toronto 11, Ontario, CANADA

- page 17 -

This image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The text on the page appears to be a proposed reply to a letter from Alan Seraduk, regarding information on unidentified flying object sightings in conjunction with the New York blackout in November 1965. The Air Force has received no reports related to the blackout, and the information provided will be added to the present data base, but a comprehensive investigation is not possible since the sightings are outside the continental limits of the United States.

Proposed reply to letter from Alan Seraduk

Dear [redacted],

Reference your letter requesting information on unidentified flying object sightings in conjunction with the New York blackout in November 1965. The Air Force has received no reports that could be related to the blackout.

In regards to your own sightings, the information will be added to the present data base; however, a comprehensive investigation is not possible since the sightings are outside the continental limits of the United States.

Thank you for your letter. Your interest in our program is appreciated.

- page 18 -

The image contains a handwritten letter and a simple sketch of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified flying object. The letter describes a sighting of a bright object in the sky and mentions the U.F.O. (Unidentified Flying Object) seen on the evening of November 8th, 1966 in the Sandusky, Ohio area.

As per the instructions, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

To Whom It May Concern

On November 8, 1966 at 7:30 p.m. my wife and I were outside and observed the brightest object we have ever seen in the sky. The object was very strange and moving very fast. It would hover and then dart around making sharp angular movements with great speed. The object appeared to be round and silvery in color. It would ascend straight up and then dart around the sky at unbelievable speeds. It remained in view for approximately 15 minutes. We watched it with great interest and amazement. The object was very high and we could not hear any sound from it. I would be very interested in your comments on this incident.

Sincerely Yours

- page 19 -

There is a photograph included in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The photograph shows a hand-drawn sketch of an elliptical or oval-shaped object.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Was seen something in front object sighting over sighted Golden 13, 1966 at 12:15 p.m.
First seen in the west, almost directly overhead.
It was not very long, and was very fast. It seemed to be at the west.
Diameter at 70°
It did not give any sound.
Sighting lasted for 30 seconds.
It was a slight white color.
Continue observer

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text discussing an encounter with an unidentified flying object.

Text from the document:

I have this object, I was about 300 yards from it. It was disc-shaped, about 50 ft diameter, hovering about 50 ft off the ground. It was very pale in color, reflecting the moonlight. I have this object on film, but the film is of poor quality and will not show much detail. There was no sound at all from the object. It hovered for about 2 to 3 minutes and then suddenly it began to accelerate at an incredible rate of speed and disappeared from sight in a matter of seconds. I cannot estimate the exact speed, but it was extremely fast. I am a photographer by profession and I am quite familiar with aircraft of all kinds. This was definitely not any known aircraft. It was a metallic disc-shaped object, solid in appearance, with no visible openings or parts. Whatever this object was, it was certainly real and I am convinced that it was some type of advanced flying machine, far beyond present-day aircraft capabilities. I hope the film I took will show at least some detail, but as I said, the quality is very poor. Please let me know if you have any other questions.

- page 21 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this scanned document page from the Project Blue Book report. The page contains handwritten text providing details about a UFO sighting.

August 19, 1966.
This came out of the Canadian National Exhibition grounds.
Seen at approximately 11:00 p.m.
Seen for 3-5 mins.
Seen in the western sky at 45° above horizon.
What about the same brightness as Venus.
(But it wasn't Venus)
Mentioned oddly moving up and down a great deal, quite the hell off or high rate.
That's a remarkable sighting.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document titled "Project Blue Book" with a questionnaire related to sightings of unidentified flying objects.

Text output from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. Pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Overcast or heavy clouds 
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. As a light c. Vapor d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Sharply outlined c. Other d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 23 -

The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force technical information document, likely from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, descriptions, or analysis which your provided. We request this personal information to assure you that your privacy will be protected.

1. When did you see the object?
Day 5 Month November Year 1966

2. Time of day:
5 Hours 35 Minutes A.M. or P.M. A.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) Eastern Central Mountain Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Address: Arlington
City, State: Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? I timed it.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes.

6. What was the condition of the sky?
CLEAR.

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you
b. To your right
c. Behind you
d. To your left

FTD DEC 69 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, 2 Jan 61, which is obsolete.

- page 24 -

The image contains a black-and-white photograph or drawing of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The drawing appears to show a round or elliptical object with yellowish-orange lights orbiting around it.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear, while you were watching it? If it did, how? It was watching the object at 6000 m.p.h. The object remained hovering, but it seemed up vertically.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
It moved behind River House apartments.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
In front of River House apartments.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Yellowish-orange lights orbiting around it.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment, what was the result?
20

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as size, proportions, etc., and especially relevant facts or major lights. There are arrows beside the drawing.

[Drawing of a round or elliptical object with yellow-orange lights orbiting around it.]

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, titled "UFO form continued".

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 500-6000 m.p.h.
21. Do you think substantial time for study was available to you? (Circle One) Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 100-1750 yards
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Outside
c. In a car
d. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a residential area?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North   b. South   c. East   d. West
24.2 In what direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North   b. South   c. East   d. West
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes   No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) a. Binoculars Yes   No
b. Sun glasses Yes   No   c. Camera Yes   No   d. Telescope Yes   No   e. Windshield Yes   No   f. Other
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a general object or object-craft, such as is pictured in the sky, would you describe it which you saw.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire titled "ONCE-UFO FORM" which seems to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? (Circle One):
CLOUD COVER:
a. Clear
b. Scattered clouds
c. Overcast
d. Don't remember

WIND:
a. Calm
b. Moderate or light rain
c. Strong
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Transparent
b. Vapor
c. Solid
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______________________________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Other _______________________
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
YES NO Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly appear and/or disappear at any time?
c. Change brightness?
d. Move slowly?
e. Move rapidly?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Suddenly appear and then disappear?

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements other than the text and form on the page. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the following text output from the document:

14. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 Feb 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object had a transparent dome on top.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a set of diagrams and instructions. The diagrams appear to be related to the movement or trajectory of an object, as they include sketches of curved lines and a radial compass-like dial.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place an "X" at the point where the object disappeared.

28. Draw a picture that will show the position of the object. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES NO
If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] 
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 12 SEX: male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Month: Year:

- page 30 -

This image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document related to a UFO report. The document contains a series of questions and instructions for the witness to describe any observed UFO sighting.

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.  If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.  If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape
b. Color

18. We wish to know the singular size. Hold a match stick or coin's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the length of the match or coin. If you had determined this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object was covered?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a UFO form that seems to be part of Project Blue Book. The form includes various questions related to estimating the speed and distance of the observed object, as well as its location and the observer's activities at the time of the observation. The form also includes a checklist for the observer to indicate what equipment was used to observe the object.

UFO form continued
Page 4

What speed would you estimate? 
(Circle One)
No answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

If you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
Yes   No
If yes, how far away would you say it was?

Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In the business section of a city?
c. In the residential section of a city?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Flying over a city?
g. Other

If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
2.1. What direction were you moving?  (Circle One) a. East    b. West    c. North    d. South
2.2. How fast were you moving?  (Circle One)
2.3. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?   Yes   No

Observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No  
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Telescope    Yes   No
e. Theodolite   Yes   No

Can you give us a clear as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words as a common object or aircraft which would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form titled "ORCE UFO FORM" with various questions and response options related to observing unidentified flying objects.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars only
b. Moon only
c. Both stars and moon

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a. Clear sky
b. Few scattered clouds
c. Fog, mist, or light rain
d. Overcast or heavy rain
e. Drizzle or heavy rain
f. Snow
g. Can't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Partly solid, partly transparent
c. Vapour

11. If it appeared in light, was it brighter than: (Circle One)
a. About the same
b. Brighter

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ABOUT THE SAME AS A BRIGHT CAR HEAOLIZIT

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Well defined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Shimmering
d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Make any sudden starts, stops, or changes in direction? Yes No Don't know
c. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
d. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, the object disappeared after about 5-7 seconds. It did not fade away, just suddenly disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes, it moved behind. No. Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes, it moved in front of. No. Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound The object made no sound.
b. Color Metallic gray and green.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object was about one-half the width of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not try to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten text]: Could not get a pencil - was in dark when it was sighting! The shape of the object is light which is center - no outline could be seen.

- page 34 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" which seems to be a questionnaire used by the U.S. Air Force to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena sightings.

The text from the document is as follows:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
Page 1

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your answers will be treated with the strictest confidence, and you will not be questioned further if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 12-26-54
Hours: 4 Minutes: 25
(Circle One): AM or PM

2. Time of day: 4:25 AM
(Circle One): a. Daylight
b. Sunset or Dawn
c. Darkness

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other:

4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEAR WILLOUGHBY, OHIO / CANADA

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes
Seconds:

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Day
b. Night
c. Clear
d. Cloudy
e. Hazy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. Ahead of you
b. Behind you
c. To the right
d. To the left

- page 35 -

The image contains a sketch diagram and some text, but no photograph. The text reads:

"27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE than ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling."

The text also includes the statement "WE BELIEVE IN WHAT WE OBSERVE, AND WHAT IS IT THAT WE OBSERVE CANNOT BE LYING."

- page 36 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned page from a UFO report document, which appears to be a UFO report form with various fields for the witness to fill out.

UFO form continued 
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.
THIS ONE WAS DIFFERENT THAN ANY OTHER UFO I HAVE SEEN. IT WAS LOW AND CLOSE TO THE GROUND AND NOT AS LARGE AS SOME I HAVE SEEN AT A DISTANCE 
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
YES           NO
31.1 If so, give their names and addresses._________________________________
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
SAME DAY TO THE COUNTY SHERIFF AND POLICE DEPARTMENT. THEY SAID NO ONE ELSE HAD REPORTED IT THAT DAY.

- page 37 -

The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report. The page contains a diagram with various angles and instructions, as well as some handwritten text. There does not appear to be any photograph included on this particular page.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the ground line to show how high the object or objects were in relation to the horizon. Place a "B" on the same ground line to show where the object or objects were in relation to your position.

28. On the path or course of the object or objects, place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes of direction during the course.

29. If these were more than one object, draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

We believe it is something which will not move, being a single object.

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a blank page of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

TO form continued
Page 9

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text from what appears to be an official U.S. Air Force document. As requested, I will proceed to extract all the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force 
Page 7
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
MAR 1962 

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire are narrative explanation of your sighting.

I JUST WISH TO SAY THAT MYSELF, WIFE AND FRIEND WITNESSED SOMETHING EXTRA-ORDINARY. I HAVE NOT SPOKEN TO THE TWO OTHER PEOPLE TOGETHER SINCE THAT NIGHT. MY WIFE CERTAINLY IS CONVINCED THAT WE SAW THAT OBJECT AND DESCRIBES IT AS SOMETHING EXTRAORDINARY. I HAVE NOT SPOKEN TO THEM TO HAVE THEM TELL THEIR STORY AND I AM CERTAIN IT WAS SOME THING EXTRAORDINARY THAT WE SAW THAT NIGHT. IF THERE WAS SOME EXPLANATION OR NATURAL PHENOMENAE WHICH COULD ACCOUNT FOR WHAT WE SAW, I WOULD BE GLAD TO KNOW OF IT. SINCE THAT NIGHT, WE DENY OF THE FACT THEY DENY OR REFUSE TO DISCUSS THE OBJECT WE SAW THAT NIGHT. THEY ARE EITHER SHORT OPEN OR SOMEWHAT SKEPTICAL OF THE OBJECT.

- page 40 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

ZANESVILLE, OHIO, FEB. 6, 1966 - BARBERS REPORTEDLY SAW FAST MOVING OBJECT PASSING UNDER GAS LINE POLES FOR SOME EXTENT IN SKY WHILE AT WORK - 

TALKED ABOUT WHO, WHERE, WHEN & WHAT THEY SAW - -

TWO BARBERS SAID THEY SAW A UFO PASS UNDER POWER LINES AT ZANESVILLE, OHIO ON FEBRUARY 6, 1966. THEY DESCRIBED IT AS BEING ROUND AND SHAPED LIKE A HATBAND. THOUGH IT WAS UNIDENTIFIED, THEY SAID IT MOVED RAPIDLY, PASSED UNDER THE GAS LINE POLES, AND SAILED AWAY IN A FEW SECONDS.

ALSO, THEY SAID HE TOOK THREE PHOTOGRAPHS, ONE WHILE IT "HOVERED", ONE AS IT MOVED AWAY. HOWEVER, WHEN DEVELOPED, THE PHOTOGRAPHS DIDN'T SHOW ANYTHING THAT LOOKED LIKE IT WAS THERE, AND THEY DIDN'T BELIEVE THEM.

THEY SAID THEY DON'T BELIEVE HIM YET, HE SAID HE WAS AFRAID OTHERS WOULD FIGURE HIM FOR A CRACKPOT OR A LIAR. ABOUT 4 MONTHS AGO HE REPORTEDLY HAD ENCOUNTERED A SIMILAR SITUATION WHEN HE TRIED TO SHOW SOME FRIENDS A PICTURE HE HAD TAKEN OF A UFO. THE GROUP APPARENTLY DIDN'T BELIEVE HIM AND SAID IT WAS JUST A SPOT ON THE PICTURE.

THE NEWSPAPER STAFF ENLARGE A REPRINT MADE FROM THE FILM, AND ONE LOOKS "LIKE A HATBAND ON 26 STRING". THOUGH IT PASSED UNDER THE GAS LINE POLES RAPIDLY, HIS HOUSE FOR A FEW SECONDS, THEN SAILED AWAY.

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing "Space Tourists" and their behavior.

Space Tourists
by a.c.nead

Put me on record as believing in flying saucers. The next edition of the encyclopedia, if there ever is another, will have to devote several pages to this phenomenon. Some of them have been close enough to throw rocks at, so they tell me. If this is correct, I am extremely WELL-DECORATED on this topic.

The only question remaining is: Why are they doing this? Flitting around from one place to another, coming and going as they please. They seem to be looking for something and are becoming more and more bold in their operations.

They should leave us alone, we don't hurt them. Rather, these alien visitors are a dangerous obstacle besides. We have got off to a very bad start with the earthlings from another world that have been paying us a visit. The attitude of the local constabulary seems to be: "Find a nice quiet spot on which to set them down, is all important, and to heck with anything else." 

Some citizens are so concerned they have telephoned the police to come and see. In short order the police arrive, and then comes the embarrassing silence. They do not know what to do, can only stand by watch thing and feeling foolish.

Their job depends on refusing to admit that they, the police, are not equipped to handle the situation. As a result, they tell the citizen that he has seen nothing, or that it was merely an aircraft, like as not a jet! This stalling and lying we can do without. 

We are not to receive extremely bad notice in this galactic review. Perhaps we are not doing so good a job in this matter of UFOs.

It will be the one, for instance, dear reader, who happens to be the one to behold a saucer humming towards you, fly over and then zoom off into the distance. Don't go on telling that you have seen it, they are doing, in the darkness, even more alarming things.

We like the fellow on television who is looking for the creatures up him--sky. They even beam we'll at least have tried them at their case.

- page 42 -

The image contains two photographs. The larger photograph shows a snowy outdoor scene with a small body of water, trees, and a house in the background. The smaller photograph shows a disc-shaped object hovering above a one-story frame house.

The text in the document reads:

"What's in Sky? UFO, Way We Go
We're not saying it is and we're not saying it isn't. But Zanesville, Ohio, barber Ralph Ditter made available to news media these two photographs that he had taken of what he described as a 'flying saucer' buzzing below treetop level. Ditter, an amateur astronomer, took the photographs with a Polaroid camera using an exposure of 1/125th of a second on 16mm. Officials to whom Ditter showed his unusual evidence described him as rational and intelligent."

- page 43 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
Page 4

22. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
50 yards

23. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) 
Yes No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 50 yards

24. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Inside a car
c. Outside
d. At an airfield
e. In the air (type)
f. Other

25. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. East
c. South
d. West

24.2 How fast were you moving at the time you first saw the object?

24.3 Did you stop your automobile or other vehicle in order to better observe the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

26. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Windshield Yes No
c. Window glass Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No 
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a comment object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearances as the object which you saw.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? the object was traveling

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2-3 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Theodolite Yes No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The object appeared to be traveling at a high rate of speed and in a straight line. It did not change speed or direction and was only visible for a short time before disappearing from view. The object appeared to be metallic and reflect the sunlight.

- page 45 -

The image appears to contain a form or report from the U.S. Air Force, titled "Official U.S. Air Force". There is no photograph visible in the image, but there is a hand-drawn sketch or diagram at the bottom of the form.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Whistling, humming, sound
b. Color: Brilliant white light, orange, red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you have determined this measurement at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
2-3 FEET

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you have not covered in the previous questions, such as size, proportions, etc., and especially actions or changes that the object may have performed.

(The drawing shows a simple sketch of an object with a triangular shape and a line extending from it.)

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Text from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the unidentified object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make unless you give us permission to do so. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 NOV 66
2. Time of day: 6:30 A.M.
3. Time Zone: Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Outside on Air Force Base
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 minutes
6. (a) Were you able to determine the size of the object? No 
   (b) Was object in sight continuously? Yes
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. Behind you d. To your right

FTO COPY 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 47 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a document titled "ORCE UFO FORM" which appears to be a form for documenting observations of unidentified flying objects. The form contains various questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dim or no moonlight
c. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
9.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Overcast
d. Partly cloudy
e. Foggy
f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared on a flight, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other (describe): Some stars seemed to streak across the dark sky.

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
Yes No Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Change in shape?
e. Flash or change in brightness?

- page 48 -

The image contains two photographs. The larger image on the left appears to show a house with trees in the foreground and a UFO-like object in the sky. The smaller image on the right shows two additional unidentified objects in the sky.

The text below the images reads: "Real And Reel? Above, a picture that Ralph Ditter, a Zanesville, Ohio, barber, snapped of a figure soaring near his home with a Polaroid camera. The picture is a frame from a reel of 16mm movies taken by Ditter, Columbus, Ohio, Dispatch photographers also got into the saucer business with". The text provides some context about the photographs, indicating that they were taken by a barber named Ralph Ditter near his home in Zanesville, Ohio, and that the images show a "figure soaring" and "saucer business" that Ditter captured on film.

Text Output:

Real And Reel?
Above, a picture that Ralph Ditter, a Zanesville, Ohio, barber, snapped of a figure soaring near his home with a Polaroid camera. The picture is a frame from a reel of 16mm movies taken by Ditter, Columbus, Ohio, Dispatch photographers also got into the saucer business with.

- page 49 -

The image contains a photograph depicting an object in the sky, which appears to be a "saucer" or UFO according to the caption. The photograph shows a landscape with buildings and parked cars in the foreground, and an unidentified flying object hovering above.

HEY, CAPT. RAMJET, IT'S A SAUCER!
ZANESVILLE - Ralph Pitzer, a factory worker, made a startling discovery to prove solar system different than our own. Pitzer claims to have taken picture of an object hovering above his house, that he claims comes from a space craft using a camera with an exposure of 1/125th of a second.

- page 50 -

The image contains a sketch of what appears to be an unidentified flying object or UFO. The text in the image reads "TO form continuci" and contains handwritten notes that describe the object and provide some additional information.

Transcribing the text:

Please do not come to investigat gate, not that its a be first clear we art anyone to them, im sorry. I leave records every time a team my AM FM Retrograft type nites ago some because of the need! 8 mark is write to may

- page 51 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The text at the top of the page reads "Official U.S. Air Force" and the document appears to be a questionnaire or report related to a UFO sighting. The handwritten text states: "I first contacted move and this is the best to picture as I can draw."

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 14 / 7 0 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
I first contacted move and this is the best to picture as I can draw.

- page 52 -

The image appears to contain a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The page contains two diagrams and accompanying text instructions. No human faces are visible in the image.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. If there is an "A" and a "B" on the compass, mark them also.

90°        75°          60°          45°          30°          15°          0° 
        
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a "UFO form" that the witness has filled out.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location. No
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME:
ADDRESS: Ny city, state
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Age: 12 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Nov, 66 July maybe think sometime N64

- page 54 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a document form from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting. 

Here is the text found in the document:

UFO form continued

Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? The had an estimated speed of 500 m.p.h.

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 500 m.p.h.

Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? The was estimated to be 1,000 ft or less from the observer.

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1,000 ft or less.

Where were you located when you saw the object? In the business section of a city.

Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?

If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions.
24a) What direction were you moving? North
24b) What was your speed? 35 miles per hour
24c) How fast were you moving? 35 miles per hour
24d) Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?  Binoculars Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words any maneuvers or motion to which the object seemed subjected, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A motionless, silvery, disc-shaped object.

- page 55 -

The image appears to contain a diagram and instructions rather than a photograph. The diagram shows a compass with curved lines indicating the direction of movement of an unspecified object. The instructions below the diagram ask the reader to draw a picture showing the motion of the object or objects and indicate the direction they were traveling if there was more than one object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object was when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where the object first appeared, and a "B" on the compass to show where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 56 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form titled "Official U.S. Air Force" containing various questions about a UFO sighting.

OCR output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? (Circle One): Yes
If "Yes", how? 
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes
If moved behind something, what? 
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a stand? (Circle One): Yes
If in front of, what?
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color: STAR SMALL
18. In the sketch above, did you indicate the apparent size of the object as compared to the object(s) used in the match test? (Circle One): Yes. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how large would the object have appeared compared to the matchstick head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object(s) that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside this to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it shows a page from a UFO report document titled "FORCE UFO FORM" which appears to be a form for reporting UFO sightings.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

9. If you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Bright
c. Dim
d. Don't remember 

9.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Faint moonlight
c. Dark - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

10. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear, Partly cloudy, Hazy, Fog, mist or light rain
b. WIND: Calm, Breezy, Gusty
c. Temperature: ______ (in Fahrenheit)

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Same brightness
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare its brightness to some common objects:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Sharply defined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break into parts or separate?
d. Change shape? 
e. Blink off and on?
f. Disappear completely?

- page 58 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" used for data collection and investigation purposes.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed.
Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication, unless your permission is obtained.

1. When did you see the object? September 23 1966 
2. Time of day: 3:30 A.M.
3. Time Zone: Eastern 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? On bridge on creek 2 miles east of Bettsville, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) About 1 minute
5.1 How was object first determined?/ Seen    
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the object like?/ DAY  Very bright bright light   NIGHT Very bright bright light
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? N/A

- page 59 -

The image contains a diagram showing various angles and measurements, but no actual photograph. The text appears to be instructions or questions related to an observation of an unidentified flying object.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

December 17th
I don't believe I can handle this at the moment and something more in my line of work I must attend to.
I just happened to go outside all night and something moved in the night of wind and something else.
I must have saw two to three objects as they went along fast. (One minute)
They were going in a certain direction.

- page 60 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "UFO form continued" section.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Were anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)     YES     NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)     YES     NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
9 guess it might not be much good to any one But I think a more important thing is that I have had some first hand experience that I think might be interesting to some one For quite some time now I have had a bit of what I think are Telepathic feeling or sense that I cant quite explain I dont know whether they are just a mental hunch or what but I have had them often enough to make me wonder
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
DAY 2   MONTH 9   YEAR 1965

- page 61 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an official U.S. Air Force document with a text field where the witness has written "My address".

My address.

- page 62 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of handwritten text.

Output of OCR:

"Mights motor connection
3-26-66 witness Coneflower Rd. 
10. the fighter pattern that was seen by the witness Layton: O."

- page 63 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a list of UFO sightings.

13 - 30 NOVEMBER 1965 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
13-15 Minneapolis, Minnesota (PHOTO) INSUFFICIENT DATA
15 Doylestown, Pennsylvania AIRCRAFT
16 Newton, Pennsylvania AIRCRAFT
16 Anderson, South Carolina INSUFFICIENT DATA
16 Mooresville, N. C. OTHER (MULTIPLE EXPOSURE)
17 Lima, Ohio ASTRO (METEOR)
18 Cheyenne, Wyoming INSUFFICIENT DATA
18 Lebanon, Ohio AIRCRAFT
18 San Angelo, Texas AIRCRAFT
18 Daytonville, Maryland AIRCRAFT
18 Dayton, Ohio AIRCRAFT
18 Dayton, Ohio OTHER (BIRDS, ETC.)
19 Winter Park, Florida ASTRO (STAR/PLANET)
20 Cincinnati, Ohio INSUFFICIENT DATA
20 Glendale, Pennsylvania INSUFFICIENT DATA
20 New York City, N.Y. INSUFF/ICIENT DATA

Text output:
13 - 30 NOVEMBER 1965 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
13-15 Minneapolis, Minnesota (PHOTO) INSUFFICIENT DATA
15 Doylestown, Pennsylvania AIRCRAFT
16 Newton, Pennsylvania AIRCRAFT
16 Anderson, South Carolina INSUFFICIENT DATA
16 Mooresville, N. C. OTHER (MULTIPLE EXPOSURE)
17 Lima, Ohio ASTRO (METEOR)
18 Cheyenne, Wyoming INSUFFICIENT DATA
18 Lebanon, Ohio AIRCRAFT
18 San Angelo, Texas AIRCRAFT
18 Daytonville, Maryland AIRCRAFT
18 Dayton, Ohio AIRCRAFT
18 Dayton, Ohio OTHER (BIRDS, ETC.)
19 Winter Park, Florida ASTRO (STAR/PLANET)
20 Cincinnati, Ohio INSUFFICIENT DATA
20 Glendale, Pennsylvania INSUFFICIENT DATA
20 New York City, N.Y. INSUFF/ICIENT DATA

- page 64 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that lists additional reported UFO sightings between November 15-30, 1966. The text in the document is as follows:

15 - 30 NOVEMBER 1966 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE	LOCATION	SOURCE	EVALUATION
NOV  
18	Dansville, Ma.	"NICAP (Fowler)"	 
19	Beverly, Mass.	"NICAP (Fowler)"	
22	Mounds, Minnesota	"NICAP (Fowler)"	
23	Oak Lyn, New Jersey	Kammer (Fm 16:)  
25	Cornwal, Wisconsin	Kammer (Fm 16:)
25	Arcadia, Wisconsin	Kammer (Fm 16:)

- page 65 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form to be filled out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses. [redacted name and address]
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 33 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent: I'm a teacher and a private pilot.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [redacted]

- page 66 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs, only a page of handwritten text from what appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 10 - 1 - 67
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: These objects were seen for several hours and were reported to the Sandusky, Ohio, Police Department as well as the Ohio State Highway Patrol. The objects were reported by many people and were witnessed for a period of time as they changed directions and speed. The objects then became stationary and then moved away. The other persons mentioned and I agree that the objects were not any known aircraft or anything that we have ever seen before. I always was told that any information regarding these matters should be reported to the authorities. I hope that this information will be of some benefit to your study of these matters.

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

TEXT OUTPUT:

TEST/UFO
UFO Observation, 14 November 1966 13 December 1966

Dear Sir:

Reference your unidentified observation of 14 November 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFD Form 164 and return it to the undersigned provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book 
1 Atch  
AFD Form 164

- page 68 -

