The image contains a document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a report of a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP 6/000012
2. LOCATION Bradford, Ohio
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 4-5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE westward
8. PHOTOS 0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0 Yes
10. CONCLUSION Aircraft (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a orange-dull white object traveling toward the east. The object was considered to be the same object as that observed previously. It was higher in altitude than normal jets. There was no sound heard during the observation.
The description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with several questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF IT WAS THE OBJECT OF NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
A. Dull
B. Hardly noticeable
C. Bright moonlight
D. Don't remember

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
A. None
B. A few
C. Many
D. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
A. Bright moonlight
B. Dull moonlight
C. His moonlight - pitch dark
D. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
A. Clear sky
B. Hazy
C. Scattered clouds
D. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
A. Dry
B. Fog, mist, or light rain
C. Moderate or heavy rain
D. Snow
E. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
A. Solid
B. Transparent
C. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
A. Brighter
B. About the same
C. Dimmer
D. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
A. Fuzzy or blurred
B. Slightly bright rim
C. Sharply outlined
D. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
A. Appear to stand still at any time?
B. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
C. Break up into parts or explode?
D. Change brightness?
E. Change shape?
F. Flash or flicker?
G. Move slowly?
H. Disappear and reappear?

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Project Blue Book letterhead.

PTD (USAFR) AO
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
9 November 1966

Dear Mr. -----,

Reference your unidentified observation of 4 November 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for our evaluation. Please complete and return the attached PID Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We want to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document related to the reporting of unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you provide will be used only in connection with your report and will not be connected with any personal conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
A - 4 AUGUST 1966
2. Time of day: 10:00 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BRADFORD. OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain 4 minutes
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day: CLEAR
b. Night: BRIGHT FULL MOON
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

FTO FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report form related to a UFO sighting.

B. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Crescent
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy sky
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Calm
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Stationary
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: NOT QUITE AS BRIGHT AS STARS

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Clear, sharply defined
b. Like a bright star
c. Slightly softened
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up, slow down, or change direction at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off brighness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph or other visual elements. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with various questions and text fields for the witness to fill out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): Yes / No / Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): Yes / No / Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: dull, vatic with change fast; b. Color: light and dark.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 75° for diameter going east to west
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions about the reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (NO)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North e. South i. West
b. Northeast f. Southwest j. Northwest
c. East g.
d. Southeast h. miles per hour.

24.2 How fast were you moving?
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
N/A

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No (Don't Know) IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound N/A
b. Color WILL WRITE WITH ORANGE BALL

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and how much of the object would be covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
YES - I'm mgtie 58% deal-the whol

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 8 -

The image contains a sketch depicting the motion and direction of a UFO or unidentified object. The sketch includes a compass-like image and instructions for the observer to place markers on the sketch to indicate the object's position and movement. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve: line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before?  If so, give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?  (Circle One)
(Yes)   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?  (Circle One)
Yes   (No)

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: [redacted]
SEX: [redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - [redacted]
Month - [redacted] 
Year - [redacted]

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire, specifically question 35, which asks for "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting."

The text in the image reads:

"35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- nice - five objects could be filled into a match head, very round and smooth.they appeared to pass over and disappear."

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a form filled out as part of a Project Blue Book UFO report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. The information that you give may be valuable in the continuing investigation of these phenomena. Please do not discuss your answers with others or publish any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 4 - 7 - 1966
2. Time of day: 7 minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BRADFORD OHIO, RURAL
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 4-5 seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT, CLEAR IN BETTER BECAUSE BRIGHT CLEAR
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

The text of the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
  8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
  a. None
  b. A few
  c. Many
  d. Don't remember
  8.2 MOON (Circle One):
  a. Bright moonlight
  b. Dull moonlight
  c. No moonlight - pitch dark
  d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
  a. Clear sky
  b. Hazy
  c. Scattered clouds
  d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
  a. Dry
  b. Fog, mist, or light rain
  c. Moderate or heavy rain
  d. Snow or hail
  e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
  a. Solid
  b. Transparent
  c. Other
  d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
  a. Brighter
  b. Dimmer
  c. About the same
  d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
  a. Fuzzy or blurred
  b. Sharply outlined
  c. Like a bright star
  d. Don't remember
  e. Other

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
  a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
  b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
  c. Stop and start again? YES NO Don't know
  d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know
  e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
  f. Flicker or flash? YES NO Don't know
  g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: _____________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what: _____________

17. Tell in a few words, the following things about the object:
a. Sound _______________________________
b. Color _at least a slight orange at times, and slightly elliptical_
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and estimate the size of the object. If you had performed this experiment, how big of an object would have been disclosed? _I would guess about 3 to 5 would fit in the match stick field_

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you see, such as wings, lights, or especially and/or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(A simple sketch is present, consisting of a single dot with an arrow pointing to the right.)

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then the speed would you estimate at: 7" are.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then the distance away would you say it was? 2-3 times higher

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. In a moving car?
f. Flying over open country?

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO
b. Sun glasses YES NO
c. Windshield YES NO
d. Window glass YES NO
e. Binoculars YES NO
f. Telescope YES NO
g. Theodolite YES NO
h. Other "slight distortion reflection"

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
a. Slight white or paint orange cast

The entire text found in the document is:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then the speed would you estimate at: 7" are.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then the distance away would you say it was? 2-3 times higher

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. In a moving car?
f. Flying over open country?

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO
b. Sun glasses YES NO
c. Windshield YES NO
d. Window glass YES NO
e. Binoculars YES NO
f. Telescope YES NO
g. Theodolite YES NO
h. Other "slight distortion reflection"

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
a. Slight white or paint orange cast

- page 15 -

The image contains a diagram with a compass rose and instructions for drawing the path of an object or objects. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curve: Line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing questions and the respondent's handwritten answers.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
BRADFORD, OHIO

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: BRADFORD, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 16
SEX: M
I have been class president for 2 years. I have been in scouting for 3 years. I have maintained a good average in school. I have questioned an average of 2-3 people in my community and all describe seeing the same object.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Date: 11
Month: 8
Year: 1966

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, with a question and a blank space for a response.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
November 22, 1966
Year 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 18 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We may contact you for further details if necessary.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 7:30 HOUR MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MASSILLON  City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 9 HOURS MINUTES SECONDS
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY NIGHT b. Clear c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Don't remember
FTD OCT 65 164  This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 19 -

