The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing text information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 9-8-66 - 19:00-20:00
2. LOCATION Big Fork and Yellowstone National Park, Montana
3. SOURCE (CIVILIAN)
10. CONCLUSION Insufficient date for evaluation
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was observed on two different occasions a star-like object came from the western sky and in one case passed over the observers which was in another location. The object exhibited some varying motion with steady unchanging brightness and color. Due to the time lapse before the observations were reported to the AIR FORCE a comprehensive evaluation is not possible.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with text on it.

Transcribing the text from the document:

WISCONSIN STATE UNIVERSITY
STEVENS POINT, WISCONSIN 54481

Dear Sirs:
Enclosed are two copies of reports which I filed with NICAP. Aware of your official policy in regard to UFO sightings, however, I decided that your official policy and your frequently expressed stand to believe now and investigate later was no longer tenable. I feel that whatever contributions our sightings and observations may be of value to you and to our nation. I don't care to receive an agency from yours which would be damaging, accusatory, or whatever. I am sure the only kind ones of ridicule or some asinine attempt to explain them as weather balloons, radar reflections or what have you, are not the ones I was trained to serve. 
But the Air Force is busy talking about various aspects of UFO sightings such as designing the radar that has been seeing them for many years. I am serious.
The Air Force will eventually release factual information about them. Remember gentlemen, they virtually release much on what they know today because it can no longer be denied or by playing with technicalities.
My first report is in sequence to my report 1 sent 1957 when Kenneth Arnold spotted UFOs over the state of Washington. Up until about a year ago there was little or no science to substantiate their existence. Today the greatest authorities, the astronauts, the military, and the scientific world must admit they are a reality.
Airplane illusions, Balloons and celestial objects can no longer fool modern scientific equipment. Whatever they are, they are entities of real substance, material. In any event, they are enclosed and I hope they will be the occasion of world pattern of recognizing as many problems for solution as possible.
Sincerely,

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of UFO reports investigated by the United States Air Force.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
NORTH 7-9434
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS(S)
This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.
If you have sighted an unidentified flying object, please complete this form and return it to NICAP. If your observation has been published in a newspaper, magazine or in another publication, please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another piece of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your comments in all cases and is generally appreciated.
1. Name Place of Employment WASH.STATE UNIVERSITY
Address Occupation Instructor
Education: Ph.D. Degree, M.S. Degree, Military Service USMC 1945-46
2. Telephone Time 9:05 pm Time Zone MT
3. Date of Observation Aug 30, 1966 Local: Old Faithful, Yellowstone Nat'l Park
4. How long did you see the object? 5 Minutes
5. Please indicate weather conditions and the type of sky cover (clear, bright daylight, nighttime, etc.)
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you.
7. If the object(s) was (were) colored, what were the colors?
8. Was the object(s) brighter than the background? one
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, was it revolving.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? The object appeared as bright as the
11. If so, how much brighter? Indicating a surrounding clear, bright halo.
12. Did the object(s) --- None of the items listed - The object maintained a steady unchanging
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? brightness, remaining in a straight direction after turning. 
b. Come to a complete stop and hover? After turning south, the light suddenly dimmed
c. Take a course that could be described as evasive? and then extinguished while in a clear sky, the extinction occurred in an instant, no fading.
d. Leave any visible trail?
e. Break up into parts or explode?
f. Change color?
13. Did the object(s) go behind something in front of, or behind the object, if so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc, if possible.
14. Was there any a cloud cover and, if so, did the object pass in front of, or behind the cloud(s) which proved its movement.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshleld, windows, from window, etc.?
16. What were the sound conditions when you observed the object(s)?
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -- Very bright - looking very much like any other star.
a. Fuzzy or blurred.
b. Etiz a light only.
c. Sharply outlined.

- page 3 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

OCR Output:
18. Was the object - Self - luminous
a. Shape? Oval
b. Dull finish?
C. Brightness? Bright
d. Transparent?
19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? It rose only in relation to the horizon
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Dime No relationship was made - this best describes the comparison or size is that it
was the size of a silver was larger
dollar.
21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? After a previous observation of a UFO I scanned
the sky and saw this object.
23. Was anything unusual about the object noted at the time of the sighting? This object was in Yellowstone National Park awaiting
a ride home.
24. After the sighting, were you or other persons involved questioned about the incident by any official or unofficial agencies? No, I was not questioned.
25. Were photographs, motion pictures, or other physical evidence taken of the object(s)? If so, please elaborate. None
26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). Impossible, as it was only a
brief observation.
27. Estimate the size of the object(s). Please make an estimate that indicates the size. Impossible, as it was only a
brief observation.
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. My 91 year old sister, and other
relatives who saw the object from different viewpoints.
29. From what direction was the object(s) first observed, and what was its course? From the East, moving slowly, silently, steadily and then disappeared.
30. Is there an air, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? None that I know of that could have been the source of this observation, unless it was some secret project.
31. Have you ever had other UFO sightings, described on an accompanying form? No, this is the first time.
32. Please give any other information you feel is pertinent to this report. This includes time, date, location, and weather conditions. The time was in the early evening, and the weather was clear.
33. Were you interrogated or asked not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate, if possible. No, I was not interrogated or asked not to discuss this sighting.
34. If you should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report, this action will encourage other responsible citizens to step forward with their observations. However, if you prefer, your name will be kept confidential. Please check (x) the appropriate box below.
You may use my name. ( ) Please keep my name confidential. (x)
35. Date of filling out this report: Oct. 13, 1966 Signature: [Redacted]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. It appears to be a report form with various questions and fields to be filled out, likely related to the observation of an unidentified flying object.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W. 
Washington, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and other Armed Forces investigating agencies, and additional information needed for the evaluation of such reports. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine as news occurs. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Information you provide additional to the questions on this form will also be helpful.

1. Name: Stevens, Peter, Wise. 
Address: Wise, State University
Occupation: Instructor
Education: B.S. Degree, M.S. Degree
Special Training: USMC 1945-1948 (Hawaii), USMC 1950-1951 (Korea)

2. Telephone: 

3. Date of Observation: August 9, 1966
Location of Observation: Big Fork, Montana
Time: 6:10 AM      Time Zone: MT

4. How long did you see the object?   Hours 15 Minutes Seconds.

5. Please describe the object: Bright, elongated, oval, cigar-shaped, clearly visible, rather low, moving, swift.
6. Position of the object: High in the sky, directly overhead. 
7. Condition of sky: Clear weather, some clouds, bright stars. Observed at time of day: If it was visible to the eye.
8. Object seen just before sunrise: Stars visiblevery bright, moon not noticed.
9. Describe the object(s) in detail: The object had a steady, bright glow, did not appear to pulsate or change color. It was observed a short time before sunrise.
10. Was the object brighter than the surrounding sky? Brighter than brightest star. 
11. Did it rise or fall, or perform other maneuvers? The object maintained a steady course to the north and upward motion.
12. Did the object disappear? None of the listed items. 

a. Appear to hover at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Leave any visible trail?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Change color?

13. Did this object appear to be attached to or connected with any other object in the sky?  No
14. Was this object sighted by anyone else? Possibly, could have been observed by others at that time.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through binoculars, cameras, or other optical aids? No optical aids used.
16. Did the object(s) have any sound?  None 
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - The object can only be described as a very bright star.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

18. Was the object self luminous? Self-luminous Bull finish?
19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? No. It rose only in relation to the horizon.
20. What was the color of the object(s)? Ball of fire, bright white, similar in size and shape to an unidentified light that moved away from the observer at a rapid rate.
21. How did your observation of the object(s) end? Faded out while passing across the lake through the trees.
22. How long did the total observation last? Approximately 2-3 minutes.
23. How did the object(s) disappear? When it turned approximately North it entered the trees and was lost from sight.
24. Was the object(s) reported to an official? to whom?
25. Were the condition of the sky clear, hazy, etc.? Clear, moonlight night.
26. Please furnish the names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. None.
27. What else can you add about this incident that would be helpful in our evaluation? I tried to locate it again the following night but could not.
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. None
29. Please show on the enclosed map the location or area where the sighted occurred. I have marked the approximate location on the map.
30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? I don't know.
31. Have you ever seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
32. Give a summary of the incident, including type of object(s), course of flight, duration of sighting, size, color, number, speed, direction, and any other available information. Please use additional sheets of paper if necessary.
33. Do you have any photographs, motion pictures, or other physical evidence of the object(s) or any related phenomena (include time, date, location of evidence)? We will return the material to you.
34. We should like the permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the proper statement below.
[ ] You have my permission to use my name.
[ x ] Please keep my name confidential.
35. Date of filling out this report: Oct. 18, 1966.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a proposed reply to a letter from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's program for investigating UFO sightings.

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted] 14 November 1966

Dear [redacted]:

Reference your letter of 14 November 1966 concerning your two observations. In the past three years as chief of Project Blue Book, I have never discounted anyone's knowledge. I honestly believe that individuals must witness an unusual phenomena or else they would not take the time and trouble to report the observation. I know of no lying or withholding of information by the Air Force in regards to the UFO problem; this is a major misconception that has plagued the Project for years.

I want to stress that the Air Force finds itself involved with only subjective data. The only information on which to make a scientific study is that of an observer's own experience or an observer's interpretation of an experience. In no case has there been an instance where sightings have furnished scientific and technological data that could be channeled to Research and Development for their study and utilization. UFOs exist in reports only; there has been no conclusive evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force that our planet is being visited by extraterrestrial vehicles.

In regards to your observations, the lapse of time involved before reporting the sightings to the Air Force precludes a comprehensive evaluation. The information will most certainly be added to the present data base.

Thank you for reporting your observations to the Air Force.

A Hynek 5 Dec 67

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. 

The text from the document is as follows:

TECY/UPO
Request for UFO Information

USAF (SAFOIDC)
Request for information concerning unidentified flying objects. Proposed replies have been prepared and are with their respective letters.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

12 Atch:
1. Ltr (redacted) 20 Nov 66
2. Ltr (redacted) 3 Dec 66 
3. Ltr (redacted) 5 Jan 67
4. Ltr (redacted) 20 Jan 67
5. Ltr (redacted) 23 Jan 67
6. Ltr (redacted) 27 Jan 67
7. Ltr (redacted) 3 Feb 67
8. Ltr (redacted) 17 Dec 66
9. Ltr (redacted) 27 Jan 67
10. Ltr (redacted) 17 Dec 66
11. Ltr (redacted) 3 Jan 67
12. Ltr (redacted) 5 Jan 67

- page 8 -

