The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a government investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 8 September 66 09/01/2-
2. LOCATION: Clarksburg, West Virginia
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: NY
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

CONCLUSION: "At the time of the observation Arcturus was on the horizon 15 deg. Observations westward an object in the western part of the sky hour before it appeared to begin to move lower. The object would completely black out at times. The visible information indicates magnitude of approximately 0.2 is quite bright and would resemble a star. The available information does not contain sufficient evidence to determine the nature of this object."

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a handwritten document.

Text extracted from the image:

66 t 9 -91

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image, the output is as follows:

That which transpires last September was that approximately 6 or 7 witnesses in a remote area on the outskirts of Clarksburg, West Virginia, reportedly watched an object during the early evening hours which they described as flying in a "figure eight" course, traveling at a very high rate of speed. According to the Federa l Bureau of Investigation memorandum, after having observed the object for sometime, it apparently ascended at an extremely rapid rate, disappearing from view. Later that evening, a few of the witnesses reported that they had again observed the object, but that it seemed to reappear in a stationary position. It was also reported that the object displayed flashing lights and seemed to be roughly the size of a small airplane.

I would appreciate it if you could provide me with some additional details concerning this reported UFO sighting, as well as any other pertinent information which may be available in your official files.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Yours truly,
[redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you provide will be used in an examination of such phenomena, but your name will be used only if you wish us to do so. The information will not be released in any form to the press, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object? 9 August 1966
2. Time of day: 9:15 (Circle One): A.M. P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near Clarksburg, West Virginia
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 minutes
5.1 How was the size in sight determined? Fairly certain
5.2 Was the object in sight continuously? Yes 
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Hazy c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. Behind you b. To your right c. To your left d. Overhead e. Don't remember

FTD COTS 64 This paperwork supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

This image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or survey form for witnesses to fill out.

OCR output:

6. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One):
b. More 
c. Less
d. Don't remember

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Very 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear 
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Day
b. Fog, mist or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Stormy
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Stationary
b. Traveling
c. Hovering
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Not as bright
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.) Reasons for seeing the comment object:
[Handwritten text]

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One) a. Sharply defined
b. Like a bright star
c. Slightly blurred
d. Very blurred

13. Did the object:  (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or move?                    Yes    No    Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and travel at a high rate of speed? Yes    No    Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode?                     Yes    No    Don't know
d. Change colors?                                  Yes    No    Don't know
e. Give off smoke, steam or exhaust?                 Yes    No    Don't know
f. Change shape?                                   Yes    No    Don't know
g. Flash on and off?                                Yes    No    Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?                          Yes    No    Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? // Discharging color object visible for only part of the time.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES (No) Don't Know. If you answered: it moved behind: // Discharging color object disappeared instantly.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes (No) Don't Know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Size large flat object, b. Color flashing multi-colored changing.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object or the horizon. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick? // I would estimate the size to have been in the range of 25 to 75 feet across.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch of the object you saw such as shape, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or flares. (No drawing provided)

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and checkboxes.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
   Yes      No
   IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
   (Circle One)
   Yes      No
   IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
   (Circle One)
   a. Inside a building
   b. In a car
   c. Outdoors (specify)
   d. In an airplane
   e. At sea
   f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
   a. In the business section of a city
   b. In the residential section of a city
   c. In open countryside
   d. Near an airport
   e. Flying over open country
   f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
   a. North     b. East     c. South     d. West     e. Northeast     f. Southeast     g. Southwest     h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
   Yes     No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
   a. Eyeglasses     Yes      No
   b. Sun glasses    Yes      No
   c. Windshield     Yes      No
   d. Window glass   Yes      No
   e. Binoculars     Yes      No
   f. Telescope      Yes      No
   g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object.
The object appeared to be disc-shaped with a glowing red outline and was moving very rapidly from east to west. It was only visible for a few seconds.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The diagram shows the observer's perspective on the sighting of an object in the sky, with instructions for drawing the motion and direction of the object.

The text present in the image is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the line high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the line to show how high the object got above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the dotted line to show where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" or point, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 8 -

This image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page contains a form with questions about a reported UFO sighting, including questions about the witness, the sighting details, and when and to whom the sighting was reported.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - Last Name, First Name, Middle
ADDRESS - Street, City, Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER - 
AGE - 29 
SEX - Female
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which may have a bearing on the subject.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - September 8 Month - September Year - 1966

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a handwritten document.

OCR output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  9 Sept 66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I was located in Clarksburg, West Virginia at the time of this sighting. The object sighted appeared to be from 3000 to 5000 feet in altitude and the object was flying at a rapid rate of speed, steady and level, approximately 300 mph. It was visible for about 30 seconds, disappeared over the hillside to the east.

The object appeared to be cigar-shaped, metallic in appearance and reflecting sunlight. No visible means of propulsion, no trails or exhaust visible. I know of no means of transportation which could fly at that speed and altitude without any visible means of propulsion. This sighting was witnessed by my family and myself and was observed during daylight hours. 

I have served as a radar operator in the Air Force and therefore have some familiarity with aircraft and their characteristics. This object did not resemble any aircraft that I am familiar with. I feel that this sighting is definitely of an unidentified flying object that was intelligently controlled, and because of the characteristics observed, could not have been any known type of aircraft or other man-made device.

- page 10 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

PTD (TBEFT) MR
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
27 September 1966

Hutter Fort, West Virginia 26303

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Reference your unidentified observation of 8 September. The information which you have provided is currently under evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form and return it to us. This return is required.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

