The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 9 March 66 10/03002
2. LOCATION: Brazil, Indiana
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: NE
8. PHOTOS: NONE
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT - Pato. Trailer.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Witness saw an object like two saucer cubs. Witness stated that there wasn't any sound except that of the paper cub. Looked like two saucers inverted with one on top of the other. It disappeared by speeding up and vanished as an aircraft according to characteristics indicated that it could not have been a conventional aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed cover page for a document with the address "Brazil, Indiana 47834" and the recipient being "Air Force Systems Command (FTD), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio". The handwritten note at the bottom says "EW(UFO)".

Brazil, Indiana 47834
Air Force Systems Command (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

EW(UFO)

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information with questions about an unidentified object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, nor will your personal information be divulged unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 6 MARCH 1966
2. Time of day: 22:00 Hours Minute
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Daylight Saving d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BRAZIL, INDIANA
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. Overhead e. To your right f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The page contains a questionnaire with various questions and multiple-choice answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcription of the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor

as a light, c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 225 watt mercury street light

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 4 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO. The sketch depicts a saucer-shaped object with a rounded body and no visible wings or protruding parts. The text indicates that the observer was asked to draw a picture showing the shape of the observed object.

As an OCR system, the text present in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, by gradually going up

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (62%) No (38%) Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (62%) No (38%) Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: It seemed to pass in front of a paper cup.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There was no sound that I could detect
b. Color: The color of the object was white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? No, it or it would take up not more than 1/4 or 1/5 of the apparent size of the object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The image shows a hand-drawn sketch of a saucer-shaped UFO as described.]

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page contains only text, which I will transcribe below:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 10,200 MPH CLIMBING EXTREMELY FAST

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES No  
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ABOUT 2,000 FT.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses  Yes (No) 
c. Windshield  Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other ___________________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. VERY BRIGHT ROUND SILVERY OBJECT CLIMBING AT EXTREMELY HIGH SPEED AND EXTREMELY HIGH ANGLE.

- page 6 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and instructions for a sketch. There is a compass rose diagram in the top right corner and a set of instructions below it.

The text output from the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90° 75° 60° 45° 30° 15° 0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. YeS, Lbr±rday avfx962 near my home

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME --- - --- Leaf Name - -- --- First Name ---- --- Middle Name
ADDRESS - Street - - - Brazil - - - City - - - Indiana - - - State
TELEPHONE NUMBER - - AGE 17 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. I have had no personal experience with them, buthaue heard many reports of sightings in my area over the years.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? To F.A.A. at Indianapolis Tow Feb. 1966 Year

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:	7 April 1966
Day	Month	Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. was reporting a paper-like, daytime, was the time, the was
larger then three minutes in size. The 1:57 sighting was not perfect in detail, but it was observed for just over 3 days.

- page 9 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified flying object. The photograph shows a disc-shaped object with a domed top. The object is drawn in outline form, with no additional details provided.

air force systems Command (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Sir:

I am inquiring about a sighting of an Unidentified Flying  
Object (UFO) which occurred on 24 March 1950. The object was sighted  
along side of a Piper Cub single engine aircraft at approx- 
imately two thousand feet. It was travelling in a northerly  
direction toward Indianapolis, Indiana. The object was  
approaching the Piper Cub at a high rate of speed and was  
observed for approximately thirty seconds. It was visible for thirty seconds and at the end  
of this time it seemed to speed up and vanished from sight.

There were a few clouds in the sky but all seemed to be far  
above the aircraft and the UFO. There wasn't any moon  
and the stars were not visible.

I would appreciate any information you would be able to give  
me pertaining to this sighting. If you do not have any  
information I would be most happy to file a complete report  
on this sighting. I am enclosing a sketch I made of the object.

Yours truly,

[Signature redacted]

- page 10 -

