There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10673 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 Oct. 66 23592
2. LOCATION: Beaver Creek, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient data for evaluation
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noted a pulsating red and green flashing light in the northeast sky, 30-45 degrees above the horizon. The light appeared to be hovering and then made a rapid acceleration to the northwest and disappeared from view. The observer attempted to contact the object by use of a searchlight, but the object did not disappear from the view. Attempts were made to scramble a helicopter to investigate, but the number was listed in the phone directory. The description is consistent with a typical UFO sighting, but without additional physical evidence, such a conclusion is not warranted.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photograph, but rather handwritten text on a blank document. The text appears to be an official record or report, possibly related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:
A. Tharby
Beaver Creek
Rd., Xenia, Ohio
No. [REDACTED]
[REDACTED] called
patrol officer and
said he had to get
to the county jail.
[REDACTED]
called and
patrol officer responded
to scene.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, featuring a series of questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): None, A few, Many, Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): Bright moonlight, Dull moonlight, No moonlight - pitch dark, Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear sky, Hazy, Scattered clouds, Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): Dry, Fog, Mist, or light rain, Moderate or heavy rain, Snow, Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): Solid, Transparent, Vapor, Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): Brighter, Dimmer, About the same, Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): Fuzzy or blurred, Like a bright star, Sharply outlined, Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know
Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't know
Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't know
Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any conclusions or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 27 OCT 66
2. Time of day: 1902 Hour (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Beaver Creek, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was the time in sight determined? Bright light in the sky
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY-Bright b. DAY-Cloudy c. NIGHT-Bright d. NIGHT-Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right
FTD FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? UFO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't know. If you answered Yes, it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered Yes, in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Noise
b. Color Red Cream

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object if the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show how it was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

"A picture of the landing craft as it flew over"

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a series of questions for the witness to answer.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 4 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city, b. In the residential section of a city, c. In open countryside, d. Near an airfield, e. Flying over a city, f. Flying over open country, g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. No
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eye glasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Windshield Yes No, d. Window glass Yes (No), e. Binoculars Yes No, f. Telescope Yes No, g. Theodolite Yes No, h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words, exactly what happened, and what the object or object appeared to be like, would give the same appearance as the:
[Witness response redacted]

- page 6 -

The image contains a sketch of a horizon with a compass rose, but does not contain any photographs. The text on the page appears to be instructions and questions related to sketching and describing the motion of an unidentified object or objects observed in the sky.

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve that shows how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object.

Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the path, a "B" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
YES If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MRS SOIU

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE ADULT SEX MALE
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2 7
Day   Month   Year

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a Project Blue Book report, with a form field for the date the questionnaire was completed, and a section for the observer to provide "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting."

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 Oct 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 9 -

