There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5 July 66 2115Z
2. LOCATION: Lakewood, California
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 14 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: NE
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer noted red and green lighted object that sped off toward the NE after stopping in its flight path.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or form used to collect information about a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you supply will be used in any analysis, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 5 JULY 1966
2. Time of day: 12:55 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 123 LAKEWOOD STREET, LAKEWOOD, CALIFORNIA
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 MINUTES
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Bright b. Cloudy c. Night (in which case, circle): d. Hazy e. Clear f. Partly cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember
FTD-TT-64-144 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey form.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? (Circle One): a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember 

8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? (CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds) (WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry
b. Fog (mist) or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember)

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The size of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know / Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes No Don't know / Stop and hover? Yes No Don't know / Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know / Change brightness? Yes No Don't know / Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know / Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image contains a photograph or drawing of some kind of object, but it is not clear what it depicts. The instructions do not indicate there is a photograph to describe, so I will proceed to the text extraction portion.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES NO Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES NO Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: STEADILY DESCENDING
b. Color: ORANGE-RED LIGHT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note, how many match lengths of the object would be covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
A LITTLE BIT

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing with label "Red Green Lights"]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 325-375 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outside d. In an airplane (type) e. At home f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In town countryside? d. Rural countryside? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 Which direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No 

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) b. Sun glasses Yes (No) c. Windshield (Yes) No d. Telescope Yes No e. Binoculars (Yes) No f. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Wethingthat I can't think of anything it except a red glowing light which seems to move and disappear again and again.

- page 5 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions, but does not contain any photographs.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the survey line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES YES 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) NO

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted Last Name, Redacted First Name, Redacted Middle Name
ADDRESS: Redacted Street, Lakewood, Redacted State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted 
AGE: 14 SEX: MALE
Had no experience or knowledge of rockets, missiles, aircraft, satellites, etc. Thought it was an unusual object the USAF or USCRP should be informed of.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Project Blue Book

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 Day 5 Month 66 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object came from the SW about 60' high then came directly on a broken path swerved then went about 200' descended my house about 3 minute then sped off the not to appear to the eye.

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be a blank page with a border and the text "Page 3" at the top.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

- page 9 -

