The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record related to a sighting in Westerville, Ohio on May 30, 1966.

Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 MAY 66  32/0255Z
3. SOURCE
Civilian  
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual  
7. COURSE
NE
8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
3 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
3 No
2. LOCATION
Westerville, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION
Persons sighted the object, which was comparable to a star-like object in the sky. The object was round and behind some trees. Object was round being comparable to a ball.
Civilian aircraft were in the area and could have been responsible for the sighting.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document or questionnaire related to a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 30 / MAY / 64
2. Time of day: 5:50 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 1912 WISTERIA WA. WESTERVILLE OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by a witness.

Project Blue Book 1966-05-7092650-Westerville-Ohio.pdf3.txt

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice co-cerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _________a BRIGHT STAR____________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, with various questions and answers about a reported UFO sighting.

TEXT OUTPUT:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? WENT BEHIND TREES
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NONE
b. Color LIGHT
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
O ROUND

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions and checkboxes.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) (Yes) NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1500

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES (No)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: 
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No
b. Sun glasses (Yes) No
c. Windshield (Yes) No
d. Window glass (Yes) No
e. Binoculars (Yes) No
f. Telescope (Yes) No
g. Theodolite (Yes) (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: 
"as a BALL

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only sketches and diagrams. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing instructions for observers to draw diagrams and sketches related to UFO sightings.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90* 75*
60*
45* 30*
15*

N
W E
S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
N/O

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
M******* T***** ARDBS

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: [Redacted] SEX: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[No information provided]

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document with handwritten information related to weather and wind data.

OCR output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

1. WEATHER: CMH 2000E  700 /15  0405
       2100E  700 /15  0704
       2200E  80 00 /15  0000 
       2300E  80 00 /15  0000

2. WINDS: 30/ 1900 EST
       5 M  34 15
       10 M  30 30
       15 M  28 35
       20 M  29 45
       30 M  27 60
       40 M  28 45
       50 M  26 30

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document, with a handwritten signature at the bottom.

CONTENTS OF PREPARING OFFICIAL:
Civil Aircraft were arriving and departing Port Columbus Airport on the date/time indicated. Deviations and ditractions or slowing to in with Civil Aircraft approaching Port Columbus.

James D. Ballsmith
CAPT., USAF

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, which is likely part of a Project Blue Book UFO report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This form has been used to collect information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 5-7-66 
2. Time of day: 9:25 Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): b. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [redacted] City or Town [redacted] State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Time): 5 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT b. Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): f. Don't remember

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

B. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______________

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a "bright" star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
f. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by the witness.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? WENT BEHIND A CLOUD

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  YES   No   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  YES   No   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NO SOUND 
b. Color: WHITE WITH CHANGING COLORS

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/2 INCH

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Sketch shows a circular object)

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1500 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 110

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other ___________________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other _______________

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A SSTARKY OR A BRIGHT CLOUD

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only diagrams and sketches. 

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. 

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _FIVE_ 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 52 SEX F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted] Day [Redacted] Month [Redacted] Year

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

The text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
_____ Day _____ Month _____ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

1. WEATHER:
2100= 70 015 0405
2100= 70 015 0704
2200= 80 015 0020
2300= 80 015 0000  

2. WINDS: 30 1/1900 EST
SM 3415
10M 3030  
15M 2835
20M 2745
30M 2760
40M 2845
50M 2630

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, with the title "CONTENTS OF PREPARING OF IFFILE" at the top. The text in the document is as follows:

G4.11 Apparent were arriving and departing Port Columbus Airport on the date/time indicated. Descriptions or sightings as in with Civil Aircraft approaching Port Columbus.

JAMES D. BOLLMAN
Capt., USAF

- page 17 -

