The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report with a Project 10073 Record form filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 22 April 66 23/0225Z
2. LOCATION: Akron, Ohio (5 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilians 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: SE to NW
8. PHOTOS: Yes 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object was very bright red glow and spherical shaped. Object was viewed through heavy clouds, fog, mist and light rain. One observer stated it looked like a commercial airliner. Observers lives near Akron, Canton Airport, which all probability of an aircraft circling airport to make a landing.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire regarding a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 33 APRIL 1966 
2. Time of day: 9 25 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? (Finealnehioan) AKRON 13 OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Hours 0 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY - Bright b. Cloudy c. NIGHT - Bright d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

This image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice questions about the observed object and its behavior.

Transcribing the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: (handwritten response)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
Other: (handwritten response)

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush every so often? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Leave a trail? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing questions and handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It seemed to go behind or blurred or the glazziness had moved off.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what. Obscured

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what. Obscured

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None 
b. Color: Glistening, silvery sad

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Very little, like holding a match at some length in front of it, about 25-30 degrees anyway.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[There is a hand-drawn sketch of a circular/oval shape with the text "Spherical shape - small in several directions" next to it.]

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? A little commercial aircraft.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5,000 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? Outdoors.

23. Were you (Circle One): b. In the residential section of a city? 

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): c. East
24.2 How far were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? No.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes, b. Sun glasses Yes, c. Windshield Yes, d. Window glass Yes.

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: Man said it reminded him of a large piloting kite - a single sail-like object that seemed to be floating and climbing to a full moon.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document or project Blue Book, containing diagrams and instructions for the observer.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
DR. PAUL MASON, 495 N. MAIN ST., AKRON, OHIO 
MR. GEORGE C. MANN, 108 GILMAN AVE., AKRON, OHIO

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - MR. 
Last Name: [REDACTED]
First Name: [REDACTED]
Middle Name: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS - [REDACTED] ST., AKRON, 43, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER - [REDACTED]
AGE - 57 SEX - M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
23 APR 66 - APR - 1966 TO DR. THOMAS D. O.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23 APR 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

MR *************** CALL CAME FROM THE OFFICE OF MR. *************** (Sect. Manager)
PER *************** IS MEMBER OF
UFO RESEARCH COMMITTEE. MR. *************** CALLED AKRON AIRPORT - CONTROL TOWER
REPORTED THAT SEVERAL PEOPLE HAD CALLED IN ABOUT UFO'S SIGHTING 6:30 P.M.
ALSO, A LADY CALLED AIR AND REPORTED A UFO AT 9:50 P.M.
30 MILES FROM *************** OBSERVATION. THE LADY
HANSON RD 
NEAR AKRON - CANTON AIRPORT
The lady came out and checked her house surroundings but she thought she had just heard something and went back inside. From north at low altitude - UFO came in in a downward angle at high speed. Then passed on out of sight to the south east.

- page 8 -

