The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a document from a government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

Text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP	Nov. '66
2. LOCATION	South Easton, Mass.
3. SOURCE	Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS	N/A
5. COURSE	N/A
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION	Ground Visual
7. PHOTOS	No
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE	No
9. CONCLUSIONS	Insufficient Data for evaluation
10. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observe has seen several objects on several different occasions. The information submitted is insufficient for evaluation of the sighting data and other evidence.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book Information Office regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Project Blue Book Information Office
Serial
Washington, D.C.
20330

Dear Sirs:

Although I am only 13, I'm very interested in the investigation of U.F.O.'s. I know I should have an open mind in this matter but I'm very much convinced that U.F.O.'s (from outer space) exist. I have done much research in the matter and am writing to different sources of information on this matter in the hopes of learning more.

U.F.O.'s is because I've seen 3(with 3 other reliable people) I called the Air Force (Otis Air Force Base) and told them what I saw. The instructor and told them about the description of these strange objects in the sky.

Note 1: The seen: 7:15-7:20: all white light turning into a larger red light and moved upward across the sky. It no course at all. Disappeared went no sound. About 2 or 3 times larger than a star.

Note 2: THE SEEN: 7:15-7:30: All colors; moved very slowly; Little larger than a star; made no sound.

Note 3: (Oct. 3, 1966): (white light): Moved very slowly; size of a star; no sound.

I read this article you wrote in the Science Digest, December 1966 and I'd like to say that I am very nervous, but happy when I saw this object I did not panic.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
December 12, 1966

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

This is a text document that includes the following text:

"This refers to a U.F.O. to which you were called recently. I feel so sorry because I will find a conclusive proof on these objects.

I would appreciate it very much if you could send me more information on the subject of U.F.O.'s by address is below. Please send this quickly as possible. THANK YOU FOR YOU TIME.

Yours very truly, 
Massachusetts"

- page 3 -

