The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, but it does not contain any photographs. The page is a form with various fields filled out, providing details about a sighting report, including the date, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and physical evidence. The "BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS" section simply states "SEE CASE".

1. DATE & TIME GROUP: 8/5/1966 2205 EST
2. LOCATION: Indianapolis, Indiana
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: No Reports
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter on Air Force letterhead.

PTD (LETTER)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
3 August 1966

Indianapolis, Indiana

Dear Sir:

Reference your unidentified observation of 3 August 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD form 165 and return it as the service provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

W.J. CASSILLY, Jr., Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

Transcription of the text in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire is designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be treated confidentially and will not be used for any publicity, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Aug 7 1966
Month - Day - Year

2. Time of day:
20:30
Hour - Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other _____________

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
U.S. Route 36, 10-12 Miles East of Indianapolis, Indiana

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
20
Hours - Minutes - Seconds

5.1 How was "time in sight" determined?
Watched continuously with no interruption

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: Bright, Cloudy
NIGHT: Bright, Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you faced the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. To your left, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, 1 JUL 51, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire filled out by an observer of an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The data you give will be used in connection with any future investigations, evaluations, analyses, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 3 JUN 66
2. Time of day: 8:25 - 8:55 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern c. Mountain e. Other
b. Central d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? U.S. RR. CROSSING 10-12 W. INO. Ave. Beech Grove, Indiana
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30 Minutes
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain 
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? From approx. 8:25 pm to 8:55 pm Est.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): 
a. DAY b. Bright c. NIGHT 
b. Slight Haze b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One):
a. In front of you c. To your left
b. Behind of you d. To your right
e. Don't remember
FTD GCT 52 164 This form supersedes FTD 149, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a document with questions and checkboxes. As an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 (STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. More 
c. Less
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright and light 
b. Bright, but obscured
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear 
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it BRIGHTER than the BRIGHTEST stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off sounds? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and instructions for the observer.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  zi z -  - a steady drone - a beat  sound
b. Color - red     orange      bluish      white      other

18. We wish to know the angular size: Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails.  Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

OCR Text Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what 
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  zi z -  - a steady drone - a beat  sound
b. Color - red     orange      bluish      white      other
18. We wish to know the angular size: Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails.  Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with multiple choice and fill-in-the-blank questions related to the observation of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In the car c. Outside (specify) d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other 

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glass Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Window glass Yes No f. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

OCR Output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In the car c. Outside (specify) d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glass Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Window glass Yes No f. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram or sketch. The diagram appears to be an illustration or diagram related to the observation of a UFO or unidentified object. It includes a compass rose, a curved horizon line, and instructions for the observer to mark the position of the object on the diagram.

Text Extracted from the Document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you or the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Chief of Police Date 8-1966 Daily Officer
Indiana

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old document or report. The page is mostly blank, with a heading at the top that says "Page 7" and a question below that says "34. Date you completed this questionnaire:". There is no other text or image visible on the page.

-----BEGIN TEXT-----
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 AUG 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
-----END TEXT-----

- page 10 -

