The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5 April 66 05/2300Z
2. LOCATION: Loveland, Ohio (1 Witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 - 1 1/2 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary-Down
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. However, this personal information is that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 5 28 65
2. Time of day: 6:55 Hours Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Loveland Ohio, City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess 
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes 
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Clear b. Partly cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document that contains a form with questions and response options.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. The moonlight was pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compares brightness to some common object: [Handwritten text]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Clearly outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes No
b. Sun glasses           Yes No
c. Windshield           Yes No
d. Window glass            Yes No
e. Binoculars           Yes No
f. Telescope             Yes No
g. Theodolite            Yes No
h. Other

26. In under that it appears to be a lighted object or objects hovering or hovering as you say, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Bright circular - Seemed to remain in place for a long period of time - no sound was audible.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with questions and blank spaces for responses.

THE TEXT FOUND IN THE DOCUMENT IS AS FOLLOWS:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? IT JUST DISAPPEARED WHILE WATCHING

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: IT MOVED BEHIND

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: IN FRONT OF 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound: SILENT
b. Color: BRIGHT SILVER METALLIC 

18. We would like to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
MATCHES FULL WIDTH

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(No drawing provided)

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. No
31. Yes
31.1 No
32. [Redacted Name], [Redacted Address], [Redacted Phone Number], Age 32, SEX M
33. APRIL 7, 1966, Dayton, Ohio

- page 6 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only illustrations. The image shows a diagram with a curved line and a compass rose. There are instructions and questions related to the diagram, such as placing an "A" on the curved line to show the object's height above the horizon, and drawing a picture to show the motion of the object.

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT IN THE IMAGE:

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30° 
15°
0°

N
NW       NE
W           E
SW       SE  
S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. 

DRAWING OF A WAVY PATH, STARTING AT "A" AND ENDING AT "B"

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with a form-style layout. The only text visible is the question "35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:" followed by a handwritten response that says "n/c of t/f tr".

OCR output:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
n/c of t/f tr

- page 8 -

