The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a report documenting a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 16 of 17 March 66
2. LOCATION: Norwood, Mass
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Several seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Southerly, Hovering
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object was a bright white light hovering 30 to 50 yards away from observer and then took off at a terrific rate of speed. However, this report will be carried as unreliable due to the high amount of imagination of an observer.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

[Text is in a handwritten format and appears to be in a language other than English, possibly Hebrew or another Semitic language.]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 16th or 17th March 1959 Year

2. Time of day: 9:15 Hour Minutes P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Norwood, Mass. Norwood, Mass. Mass.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Several Hours Minutes Seconds
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY NIGHT
   a. Bright a. Bright
   b. Cloudy b. Cloudy/Clear

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you
                 b. To back of you
                 c. To your right
                 d. To your left
                 e. Overhead
                 f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes PTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with a form that asks various questions about a sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember  

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down at any time? Yes/No/Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes/No/Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes/No/Don't know
e. Make any sound? Yes/No/Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes/No/Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes/No/Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes/No/Don't know

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
De took off so fast

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound which was like a whistle
b. Color slightly grey

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Three or four feet across, about tree trunk size

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch of an object in the shape of an ellipse moving from right to left.]

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or report form filled out by an observer of a UFO sighting. The form contains various questions about the sighting, such as the estimated speed and distance of the object, the observer's location, and details about the appearance of the object.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output it:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Extremely fast.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 30 to 50 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North e. South g. West
b. Northeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
c. East d. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Flying object with a bright glow, the size of a basketball, moving extremely fast.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch and a compass illustration. The sketch appears to be part of a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting or report.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
A        B

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Richard Hermin - 98 of 8.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Norwood, MASS. 02062 Street City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE 6 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Report made to Norwood Police Department and Air Force upon sighting on March 7, 1966.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a blank form with a title "Page 7" and two questions, 34 and 35, with space for handwritten responses.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 April 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

(ED) (PERS) Frighter, Peterson AFB, Ohio 
5 April 1966

Norwood, Massachusetts 02062 

Reference the recent unidentified observation by your son on 16 or 17 March 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete and return the DD Form 1396 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting this observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

M. SUITENELLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

