The image does not contain a photograph, it shows a page from a Project Blue Book record. The text on the page describes an observation of an oblong-shaped object in the western sky that turned into a bright red object and then disappeared. The description indicates that photos were taken but were not provided as part of the record. The text has been transcribed below:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 26 May 66 
2. LOCATION: Wappingers Falls, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Two minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: Westward
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possible)

The description is consistent with that of an observation. The photos did not indicate that an extraordinary vehicle was present.

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a Polaroid-type photograph, but the contents of the photograph are not described in detail. The text in the image indicates that the photograph was submitted as evidence of an unidentified aerial vehicle (UAV) sighting that occurred on May 23, 1966 in Wappingers Falls, New York. The text analyzes the information provided and states that the configuration of the object is consistent with an aircraft observation, but it could not be identified. The text also notes that the object appeared to be in motion and that there is no evidence of "scanning" the object, suggesting it is not a terrestrial vehicle.

TDSST/UFO
UFO Observation, 28 May 1966, Wappingers Falls, New York

1. Reference the unidentified sighting of ___________ which occurred on 23 May 1966. The attached photograph is forwarded to your office for analysis.

2. Analysis of the information which was submitted did not reveal a positive identification. The description, size and lighting configuration is consistent with that of an aircraft observation. There are several air-craft in the immediate area, and it is probable that an aircraft could have been observed.

3. The following additional evidence did not provide evidence of the existence of an extra-terrestrial vehicle:
a. Examination of the submitted Polaroid-type print indicates that the image range was very short, as evidenced by the extremely sharp focus. This is consistent with a close-range photographic subject, and it would appear that the object is situated just beyond the range of the camera (approximately 15 to 20 feet) when taking picture) which shows its lower right corner of the photo. It would appear that the camera was situated just beyond that range, and immediately in front of the object as a result of the excellent focus.
b. The identity of the "UFO" is not known, but it should be noted that the photograph does show an object that is in motion and there is no suggestion of "scanning" the foreground object. The identity of the "UFO" is not known, but it should be noted that the photograph does show an object that is in motion and there is no suggestion of "scanning" the foreground object.
c. It is likely to be observed that the identity is likely to be between that of a known aircraft or a "bona fide" unidentified. The photographic data, however, does not provide a basis for a conclusive identification, and it is extraterrestrial.

FOR THE COMMANDER
CIUS DeGOAS, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Photograph

- page 2 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS: 4603D AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12550

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 4603ODC

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting 

TO: HQ AFSC (FTD)

The attached report is submitted in accordance with para 13b, to AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER
JOHN N JOHNSON, Lt Col, USAF 
Chief, Operations & Training Division

1 Atch
UFO Report

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, presumably from Project Blue Book, that describes an observed object.

A. Description of Object:
1. Shape: Oblong
2. Size: Length of a pencil held horizontally at arms length
3. Color: Red, white and green; turned bright red
4. Number: One
5. Formation: N/A
6. Details or features: Red, white and green blinking lights
7. Trail, trail or exhaust: Left vapor trail about same size of object. Trail went straight up.
8. Sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: Red, white and green blinking lights. Turned into a bright red ball and disappeared.

B. Description of Course:
1. What first called the attention of the observer to the object: Red and white blinking light.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: Approximately 60° above the horizon.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance: 40° above the horizon.
4. Description of flight path: East to West.
5. How did the object disappear: Went straight up out of sight.
6. How long visible: Two minutes.

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - visual

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document.

Optical aids used and description: F-stop, not available; exposure, not available; shutter speed, not available; type, Polaroid film speed, 75 (flash).

Time and date of Sighting:
1. Friday, 27 May 66, 0145Z.
2. Light Conditions: Dark
3. Picture enclosed was taken at 0215Z, 28 May 66 looking to the West while standing at the South end of Clapp Avenue, Wappingers Falls, NY.

Location of Observer: Corner of South Avenue and Franklindale Ave, Wappingers Falls, NY.

Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Name: [Redacted]
2. Age: 36
3. Mailing Address: [Redacted], Wappingers Falls, NY.
4. Occupation: Housewife
5. Estimate of reliability: Fair

Weather and Winds:
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: Cloudy on Thursday, cloudy when picture was taken.
2. Report from U.S. Weather Bureau Office or AWS:
a. Wind direction and velocity at:
Surface - Calm
6,000' - 230/15
10,000' - 220/20
16,000' - 270/30
20,000' - 270/40
30,000' - 250/40
50,000' - 250/40
80,000' - N/A
Temp - 570F
-4°C
-10°C
-17°C
-29°C
-29°C
-51°C
N/A

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting.

b. Ceiling: High, thin scattered
c. Visibility: 12 miles
d. Amount of cloud cover: N/A
e. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: No
f. Vertical temperature gradient: See Paragraph C,2,e.
H. Any other unusual activity or conditions: None
I. Location, approximate altitude and direction of air traffic or weather: N/A
J. It is my opinion that the observer could possibly have seen an unknown origin. It was also noted by the observer that several peculiar lighted objects on numerous occasions in the same general area.
Lt. J. Barnauskas, Jr.
NAVEWC
47133 Def Sys Eval Sq
Stewart AFB, New York

- page 6 -

The image contains a Polaroid-type print photograph of an "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT" that was observed in Wappingers Falls, New York on 27 May 1966. The photograph quality is described as "Poor".

The text in the document reads as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 66-55
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION: Wappingers Falls, New York
DATE: 27 May 1966
PHOTOGRAPHY: 1 Polaroid Print (B&W)
QUALITY: Poor
1. PURPOSE: This report is in reply to a request by Major Quintanilla (TDETT).
2. ANALYSIS: Examination of the submitted Polaroid-type print indicates that the object is of high degree of detail. It would appear to be an instrument of some kind. There is no evidence in the photography that the object was rotating or moving. The sharpness of detail is adequate to observer, even taking picture ("which shows a reflected image of the "UFO" also contained in the photography observation center which correlated on the ground as well. The "UFO" appears to be stationary and not connected to any structure or vehicle. Its existence is evidenced by the sharpness of detail in the photography.
3. CONCLUSION: The characteristics of the object is not known but its size is likely to be less than that of a tennis ball. There is no evidence in the photography that the object was rotating or moving.
PHOTO ANALYSIS BY: [Signed] THOMAS E. BUTLER, Intelligence Research Specialist
APPROVED BY: [Signed] WILLIAM E. TURNER, Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
[Signed] WALTER PICCO, JR., Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 7 -

