There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 27 March 66  30/0300Z
2. LOCATION: Henniker, New Hampshire 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Four
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 6 Hours
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary, & Varied
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: PLANETS (STARS/PLANETS)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: All objects appeared as bright lights, bluish green, red and yellow colors and were moving (2 to 4 apart) and slowing down. The objects were undoubtedly stars or planets. The objects were more likely planets following the sighting of the following objects:
SPICA: 165 deg azimuth, 35 deg elevation.
RIGEL/SIRIUS: 175 deg azimuth, 10 deg elevation.
JUPITER: 220 deg azimuth, 15 deg elevation.
SIRIUS: 250 deg azimuth, 5 deg elevation.
The objects listed above were at the position indicated at 0300Z.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid b. A light c. Transparent d. Vapor e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compares brightness to some common object: ____________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember
OTHER: A DEFINITE SHAPE GOT THAT WAS OBLONG OR ELLIPTICAL. IT WAS NOT EXACTLY THE SHARP OUTLINE OF A SOLID OBJECT.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know 
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a UFO sighting report. The report describes the visual characteristics of the UFO, including its sound, color, shape, and movement. The report also includes a hand-drawn sketch of the UFO, showing its position relative to the observer and the direction of its movement.

According to the OCR output:

NO, BUT WOULD GET SMALLER THEN BIGGER AS IT GOT CLOSER
Yes
STEADY HIGH PITCH BUZZING NOISE, CONSTANT WHITISH BLUE LIGHT WITH RED FLASHING LIGHTS
ALL OF IT
SHAPE of the object was SIMILAR TO CIGARETTE. Its position to be MOVED TO BE AWAY FROM OBSERVER, RED BLINKING LIGHTS UP TOP IN WHITE FLASHING LIGHTS ALSO TINGED WITH A DEFINITE GREEN 
(ONLY ONE LIGHT ON THE OTHER SIDE)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only a filled-out questionnaire page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open countryside?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest 
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Windshield Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Binoculars Yes No, f. Telescope Yes No, g. Theodolite Yes No, h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
ONE OF TWO RED LIGHTS ON THE OUTER PERIMETER OF OBJECTS. IT WAS TOO HIGH UP FOR COMPARISON TO ANOTHER OBJECT HOWEVER IT SEEMED QUITE SMALL

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and some text. The diagram shows a compass rose with degrees marked on it, and there is a sketch depicting the movement of an object or objects in the sky. The text instructs the viewer to imagine and draw the motion of the object or objects, place markers on the compass rose, and discuss how many objects were observed and their arrangement.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. THEN GOT SOME DISTANCE AND REPPEARED BUT OTHERS.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 7 AT THE MOST AT ONE TIME. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. ADDITIONAL ONE DISAPPEARED WHEN IT REPRESENTED.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES      No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES      No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
ALL HUNDRED OF THEM ?

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (Last Name) (First Name) (Middle Name)
ADDRESS: LIPPXCOD, NJ
TELEPHONE NUMBER: AGE 19 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
PRESENTLY A COLLEGE STUDENT

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
9 / 6 6    MARCH    1966

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 APRIL 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

THE 4 ALL APPEARED AT ONCE ABOUT 2:30 AM ANDMOVED RAPIDLY TO NEXT POSITION, CAME BACK DOWN THEN ROSE AND FADED, SOME BECAME OTHERS.

9 PM SIGHTED FIRST, THE LOST AROUND 10:30
12:30 AM CAME BACK IN THE SAME PLACE
1 AM TWO MORE APPEARED
1:45 THREE
2:00 ORIGINAL ONE GOT SO SMALL IT WAS HARD TO SEE
2:30-3:45 THE REST MOVED TO ABOUT 45-50' UP
THEN GOT SMALL & FADED

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a questionnaire for the observer to fill out with details about the sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 09 March 1966
2. Time of day: 18:30 Hours Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Henniker, New Hampshire
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 6 Hours Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? From time sighted to the time they vanished.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT a. Hazy b. Bright c. Fairly Cloudy d. Bright Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing text and a form-like structure with questions and answer options.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. With the naked eye

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______ bright

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a hand-drawn sketch. The sketch appears to depict the shape of the observed object, showing three distinct circular shapes connected by lines.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? There were 4 objects. One seemed to fade out and come back again.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: Bluish-green, Red (on the sides), Always followed by yellow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? It was like the diameter of a doughnut covering a huge orange shaped down close to the ground it seemed to be.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The transcribed text from the image is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? There were 4 objects. One seemed to fade out and come back again.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: Bluish-green, Red (on the sides), Always followed by yellow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? It was like the diameter of a doughnut covering a huge orange shaped down close to the ground it seemed to be.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing various questions and response options related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Very far

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. 
As I recall, there is a good distance - this is a good distance.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a page from an old UFO report document with various diagrams and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

West
South west
Southeast

5:10 3/10/62 
Witness: 5'8" age 22 
Fur liner Coat
Canoga 3/10/62 25-25

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with handwritten text in the response section.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 14 April 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I think that saugers was caused by an optical illusion. It was quite an experience. Now, what I've seen - I don't know.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
There were over 100 students of New England 
College standing on the Bridge with me.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE 13 SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I'm the editor of the New England College Newspaper -- I was pulled out of bed to go a scene stand of the whole event, as such seems more pic'd.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
March 29, 1966
Niamp - 3/29/66

- page 14 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a document from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information titled "This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed."

Text output from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the OBJECT? 21 MARCH 1966
2. Time of day: 9 HOURS 45 TO 5:34 AM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? HENNIKER N.H.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 6 HOURS Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? CLOCK
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 15 -

