The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a project that investigated UFO sightings in the United States.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10673 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7 July 66 8/00152

2. LOCATION
Centerville, Ohio
(4 witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Six

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
E

8. PHOTOS
D No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
D No

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted "coffee-cup" shaped objects that appeared to make sharp turns and descend and recede from observer. Objects were bright while in clear view with no noticeable obstructions. Observer heard explosion. Object rapidly vanished after being observed for an estimated 10 minutes.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a diagram and text related to an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Approach & recede from a 450 crawer

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

At any one time 6 together, 2 together

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.

Never

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES	No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES	No

31.2 Please give names and addresses.
Deleted

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street, Centerville, City, State, Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted
AGE: 30
SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Safety man, no special experience

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
July 6, to an Inspector

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to a UFO sighting or investigation.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 July 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TYPED COMMENTS MADE BY DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK ON JUNE 1966
CENTERVILLE, OHIO 7 JULY 1966
Case should have been followed up. Only a local phone call would have been necessary. There were four witnesses: man and wife and two children. Now, more than two years later, a follow-up hardly seems needed.
Since many objects were observed all in one place, not moving around-and an explosion was heard-one wonders, in view of the closeness to July 4, whether this could have been a belated July 4th celebration. 
"Upside down coffee cups" suggest parachutes, perhaps some toy consisting of small parachutes on the way down.  
I have seen children toys consisting of small rockets which eject a small parachute on the way down.
I think this sort of explanation has equal weight to "possible aircraft". Aircraft do not look like upside down coffee cups, and do not explode (well, rarely!).
(Original signed by J. Allen Hynek)

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Northwestern University containing handwritten text.

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
CORRESPONDENCE

TO: Paul B. Decker			FROM: T. Stoner
DEPT.					DEPT.

Re: Centerville, O, case of 7/5/66.

Case stated as follow: Case concerned report of landing of UFO on Sunday, July 3, 1966, witnessed by two men. Bright light seen on ground, approached and found round object on ground with bright light shining from underside. Object about 15 feet in diameter with ribbed sides, reddish orange in color. As they approached, the light went off and object rose straight up, quickly disappearing from sight. Object was motionless at first, then accelerated rapidly. No sound was heard. Witnesses were shaken but apparently not injured. Investigation continues.

(Cont.)

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document.

J. Allen Hynek
in the way seems
ordinary dark this report
to determine what could well
mean (insead, worldly:)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text-based details about various UFO sightings and investigations.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
4 June

It occurred at a small airport and the duration was one half minute. Potholes should have been made to determine where were other potential witnesses. Since it occurred at night on 29 June it is possible that there were no other witnesses available.

15 August 1965, Ramona, California.
One witness, duration of sighting only 13 seconds. Was a 07 year old lady. The sighting occurred around 9:00 a.m. saying time in the middle of August, and thus the sky was still have recently brightened. Witness said sighting.

16. 26 February 1966, Bartlett, New Hampshire
I have in my files for 26 February 1966, Manchester, New Hampshire, affidavit but do not seem to find Bartlett, New Hampshire case.

17. 17 July 1966, Centerville, Ohio.
Temporarily not in file. Will study this case when I visit Dayton.

18. 3 February 1967, Odessa, Delaware.
Since by an admitted broadcast in communications the Dover Air Force Base delayed some five months in investigating this case, say I think a file NICAP report. Evaluation pending my getting a report, the sighting is obviously unidentified.

19. 12 February 1967, Grand Rapids, Michigan.
I have only the card on this case, but judging from the investigation by low-flying birds reflecting light, the sighting was caused by 10 seconds, and witness mentioned a pitched chirping noise.

20. 1 April 1967, Wellington or Loco, Texas.
I had a great personal involvement in this case, much of it.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object(s) you saw. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 27 July 66
2. Time of day: 11.10 Hour Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Centerville Montgomery Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was object's light determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Don't remember
FTO OCT 23 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

From the text transcribed from the image, the key details are:
- The object was seen on July 27, 1966 at 11:10 AM in the Eastern time zone.
- The location was Centerville, Montgomery, Ohio.
- The object was in sight for a total duration of 10 hours.
- The object's light was determined to be "Certain".
- The object was in sight continuously.
- The sky condition was "Cloudy".

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or form with text.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
__________________________

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Appear to jerk or move suddenly?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten report or document related to a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Transcript of the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Partially vanished

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Seemed to be pulsating or Beating
b. Color Bright, white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc.; and especially indicate any trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Very clear, no protusions

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES (NO)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES (NO) 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ______________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No (Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when pictured up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

UPSIDE DOWN COFFEE CUP.

- page 12 -

