The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 4 October 66 - 05/01/02
2. LOCATION Rochester, New York (3 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE N
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION Satellite (ECHO II)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
ECHO II was over (78' 50N) at the time of sighting at about 0132. Observer viewed an object moving in a easterly direction at about 2140(l). It appeared as a bright white light, similar to a star or satellite. The observer called to his wife and they got outside the object changed to a northerly direction.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEDR/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR/70916/mha/13 Oct 66
UFO SIGHTING, 4 Oct 66, Rochester, New York

Hq USAF (SAFOIS)
REFERENCE: The attached letter from Mr. and Mrs. regarding their unidentified observation of 4 October 1966.  It is felt that they observed the 2210 time satellite, which was passing over the Toronto, Canada area at approximately 2134 EDT.  This is a frequently observed object, and could have been easily mistaken by naked-eye observers, the motion of a bright artificial satellite frequently constitutes of the familiar illusion described "to the fact that we do not move our eyes continuously, but in little jerks." Fluctuations in the light skin to the twinkling of stars can also account for the illusions (the Sailings do not contain any useful data for analysis).

FOR THE COMMANDER:
LUIS DE BROS, Colonel, USAP
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:
TEDR/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR
DATE 12/21/66

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from George P. Frisman, Jr. of the U.S. Air Force regarding an observation of the ECHO II satellite over Toronto, Canada.

SAF-OICC/cassel/bev/79979/20 oct66
OCT 21 1966
Dear Mr. —————,
This is in reply to your letter of October 8 to Wright-Patterson AF Base regarding your unidentified observation.
It is felt that you observed the ECHO II satellite, which was passing over the Toronto, Canada area at approximately 2131 hr. ECHO II, an artificial satellite, would have been easily visible to the naked eye. To many observers, the motion of a bright artificial satellite can appear to be that of a distant airplane or other object. This familiar illusion has been ascribed to the fact that we do not observe our own Earth's motion continually, but in little jerks. Fluctuations in light can also cause the illusion of motion.
Thank you for your letter; I hope you will find the above information helpful.
Sincerely,
GEORGE P. FRISMAN, JR. 
Capt, USAF
Coordinator, Unidentified Observation Division
Mr. —————, 
Rochester, New York 14625

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements other than the text and information provided in the document. The document appears to be a report from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs), regarding an unusual sighting over Rochester, New York on October 8, 1966.

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Airforce Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:
My husband and I wish to report an unusual object over Rochester on the night of October 8.

My husband first sighted it overhead, moving in an easterly direction, about 8:40 p.m. It appeared "cigar-shaped" and white, similar to a star, but larger. He called my attention to it and my daughter and I also observed it. The change he said was in a general curve but remained overhead until it disappeared over the northern horizon. (about 9:45)

We would be much obliged if you could give us information as to what this object could be accounted for in a usual way as the object seemed to be moving at a speed and in a manner unusual to any aircraft. My husband is an engineer with Xerox, and was an Air Force Reserve Captain previously - a teacher in the Rochester school system. He realizes this is not a great deal of information, but it will fill in somewhere with other reports you may hold.

Yours truly yours,
[Redacted]

- page 4 -

