The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a record of a UFO sighting incident that occurred on April 7, 1966 in Shreveport, Louisiana. The document provides details about the sighting, including the date, time, location, number of objects observed, length of observation, type of observation (ground-visual), and conclusions made by the investigating officer.

The full text from the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP  2. LOCATION
7 April 66  08/02.50Z  Shreveport, LA (4 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE  4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Civilian  Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION  11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
15 Minutes  One object had red light, one had white light. Object had a humming sound at a high freq. Object was first observed low to the north and disappeared low to the NE. Object traveled to the N, reversed course abruptly, several times, ended going W. Lights appeared to flash extremely bright periodically, then fade (not completely out), then flash again. All that was noted was the lights, at low speeds, no object was actually seen.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION  10. CONCLUSION
Ground-Visual  Other (REFLECTION GROUND LIGHTS)
7. COURSE  9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None  Yes
8. PHOTOS  None
Yes
No
COMMENTS INVESTIGATING OFFICER'S: There was at this time at Shreveport, a carnival with several large rides and most of them are so lighted with brightly colored lights of various descriptions. There were, in fact, several small clouds at a low altitude in the area, and investigating officers strongly feel that what the eyes noted was one or more of these lights reflecting on the clouds as they passed over. The movement of the cloud could give the light the appearance of movement as it would.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a scanned document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book. The page contains a form with various questions, but no photograph or image is visible.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an article from a newspaper or magazine discussing UFO sightings and public perception of the phenomenon.

OCR output:

The Saucer Questions

National Totals 3~ 
Women 3~
Men 
Total

National Totals 34
"Women 34
Men 34
High School  
College 4

National Totals 34
Men 44
Women 24
High School 35
College 4

Five Million Have Seen 
Something Up There 
(Continued from page 1)

"real" than believe they are 
figments of the imagination. In 
the Gallup survey, the poll-
takers discovered that while 
this opinion, which 5s per cent
of the population agree with, 
is strong, 98 per cent of the 
people queried have heard of
"flying saucers."

This, of course, does not
mean that every one of these 
people has seen a flying saucer. 
The Gallup organization, in a 
survey conducted almost 30 
years ago, estimated that one
out of every 10 called the 
saucers "a reality." More re-
cently, in a survey conducted 
by the National Geographic 
magazine, it was shown that 
5 per cent or one out of every 
20 Americans believe that fly-
ing saucers are a reality.

The question now arises -- what ex-
planation for this phenomenon of fly-
ing saucers is there? Some, as you 
know, are inclined to accept the re-
ports of Air Force officials. There 
are still others, however, who dis-
agree and prefer to accept the belief 
that flying saucers are a reality of some 
kind. Those who hold this view point 
to various sightings and landings as
evidence to buttress their belief.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

ELWOOD, N.J.

As the witness stated, those objects were saucer shaped and seemed to be guided. There were three of them flying in trail formation. The objects were apparently under intelligent control and appeared to be metallic in construction. The color was silver and the surface was reflective. They made no sound and were observed for approximately 3 minutes. The objects were heading in a north easterly direction at a low level and then accelerated and climbed rapidly out of sight. The witness was quite certain of his observation and is a reliable and trustworthy observer.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report.

Transcription of the text:

March 29, 1966

Woody, New Jersey

Dear [REDACTED],

Thank you for your letter prompted by the article, "Outer-Space Ghost Story," which appeared in the February 22, 1966, issue of LIFE.

You and several other readers offered possible explanations for the U.F.O.'s, and the editors were appreciative of your taking the time to share your ideas with them. There is so little known about the subject, your comments were read with special care.

Again, our thanks for writing. We are always glad to hear from our readers.

Sincerely,
[REDACTED]
SECTONS & RESEARCH

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or visual elements aside from the handwritten text and postmark. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a letter or envelope, with the following text:

"Elwood, N.J.
APR 18 1966 PM

Mr. John B. McGinnis
202 Boyce Street
Joplin, Mo."

There is no other text or visual elements present in the image.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a caption at the top that reads "Air Force Officials Face Quiz on UFO".

Performing OCR on the text in the image, the output is:

Air Force Officials
Face Quiz on UFO
Washington, Jan. 23 (UPI)
Air Force officials were
questioned Tuesday on their
identification of unidentified
flying objects appearing on
radar. The questioning
was part of a closed session
with the committee.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TDM/UFO
Observation of 3 April 1966,
HQ USAF SAFOIC (Mrs Hunt)
Reference the attached letter from regarding an observation made on 3 April 1966. The following is:
a. Dear Mr.
Your report of a UFO sighting in your letter of 23 May 1966 has been received.
As your description indicates, you were unable to observe the object long enough to determine what the source of the lights was.
Unfortunately, the average person is a poor observer. This has been confirmed by many studies done in this field on controlled experiments.
The Air Force wishes to thank you for reporting your observation. No further information was received from the Kalispell AFB for 3 April 1966.
FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:
TDWX/UFO      DATED:

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old report document, containing text that appears to be typed or written.

AFCIN-XEPH
2 April 1966

MEMORANDUM FOR: Chief, Technical Information Division
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting - Shreveport, Louisiana, 7 April 1966

1. The following information has been obtained concerning a UFO sighting which occurred on 7 April 1966 in the Shreveport, Louisiana area.

2. At approximately 1815 hours on 7 April 1966, Mrs. Joan Wingate, 3445 Grover Place, Shreveport, Louisiana, reported sighting an unidentified flying object in the western sky. Mrs. Wingate stated that the object appeared to be round, silver in color, and was approximately 40-50 feet in diameter. The object was observed for approximately 15 minutes, during which time it moved slowly across the sky in a westerly direction, maintaining a constant altitude of approximately 1,000-2,000 feet. Mrs. Wingate stated that the object was visible for a period of approximately 15 minutes before it disappeared from view.

3. This sighting was reported to the Barksdale Air Force Base Control Tower, who in turn notified the Shreveport Police Department. In response, two Shreveport police officers were dispatched to the reported location. However, upon their arrival, the object had already disappeared from view and the officers were unable to sight the object.

4. Please advise if any further information is required concerning this incident.

EDWARD J. RUPPELT
Major, USAF
Project Blue Book Officer

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with a large black redaction or blacked-out section in the middle.

Text from the document:

On April 7, 1966, at approximately 5:30 p.m., the undersigned Airman First Class, United States Air Force, was on routine patrol in the Northeast section of Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana, when he observed a bright light in the northwestern sky. The object appeared to be oblong in shape and was hovering above the tree tops. The object was observed for approximately 10 to 15 minutes before it suddenly disappeared. The object did not make any noise and left no visible trail. The object appeared to be approximately the size of a small aircraft, but was much brighter. The object was observed by the undersigned and several other airmen on patrol at the time. A report of this incident was forwarded to the Commanding Officer.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with no visible content.

THE INVESTIGATION

1. Subject sighted a round, luminous object hovering over a field near Shreveport, Louisiana on the night of 7 April 1966. The object was described as approximately 50 feet in diameter and emitting a brilliant white light. It was observed for approximately 15 minutes before it accelerated rapidly and disappeared.

2. The witness, who was a private citizen, reported the sighting to the local authorities. An investigation was initiated by the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, the official government program for investigating unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

3. No photographs or other physical evidence were obtained during the investigation. The case was classified as "unidentified" due to the lack of conclusive data to explain the reported phenomenon.

4. The sighting was one of numerous unexplained UFO incidents investigated by Project Blue Book during the 1960s. The program officially ended in 1969, but unidentified aerial phenomena continue to be reported and studied by private and government organizations.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO)  
WORK SHEET  

Name of Observer: [Redacted]  
Address: [Redacted], Shreveport, La.  
Age: 13  
Phone: [Redacted]  

Estimate of Reliability: Not too good because of age

a. Description of Object:
(1) Shape: Not noted
(2) Size (compare known object): Unk
(3) Color: Unk
(4) Number: 2
(5) Permitting? Yes
(6) Features, details: One had red light, one had white light (see remarks)
(7) Trail, trail length/duration (compare to size of object): No
(8) Sound: "Humming at a High Freq."
(9) Special features: None

b. Description of Course of Object:
(1) Reason for noticing object: Lover often study stars and sky
(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object: When first observed low to NE
(3) Description of flight path: Object travelled a reverse course several times, ended going West
(4) Manner of disappearance: Sudden disappearance
(5) Length of time in sight: 13 minutes

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground or air, visual or electronic: Type radar "visual"
(2) Optical side description: N/A

- page 12 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It shows a memo routing slip with various fields to be filled out, such as "TO", "USAF SAPFOEC (Sec. Base)", "REMARKS", "FROM", and other details.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO HQ USAF SAPFOEC (SEC. BASE) WASH D C 20330
DATE 
COORDINATION 
INFORMATION 
NOTE AND RETURN
RECOMMENDATION
SEE ME
SIGNATURE
REMARKS
Dear Sirs,
I disagree with your statement that the light configuration as that coming from an aircraft. Please note the last sentence on the first page. This refers to a FIGO which has nothing to do with pulsating lights which be reported.
FROM HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major USAF 70916

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

CORVALLI S, OREGON 97330
T. 0. BOX 2157

Major Hector Quintanilla Jr.
PROJECT BLUE BOOK
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
TECHNICAL INFORMATION DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
Dayton, Ohio.

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
RE: U.F.O.: A YEAR'S WORTH OF ACTIVITY (in Corvallis)

DATE: 4 APRIL 1966 
TIME: 7:20 P.M. (60 seconds) 1 minute
OBJECT: BRIGHT LIGHT; FLEW SLOWLY ABOVE THE TREES-TOPS.
DIRECTION: FLEW FROM WEST TO EAST
SPEED: SLOW AND STEADY
DURATION: 1.5 MINUTES
GUIDED: "APPEARED TO BE GUIDED" ABOVE THE TREES-TOPS.
NUMBER OF OBSERV2RS: 1 ADULT MALE ONLY

DATE: 29 JUNE 1965
TIME: 5:00 P.M. (20 seconds) 1 minute
OBJECT: OBLONG SHAPE; WHITE "GLOW" WITH DENT OR DEPRESSION IN ITS 
CENTER.
ALTITUDE: ABOUT 70 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON
MOTION: MOVED IN A STEADY, DIRECT MANNER
DURATION: 30 SECONDS
NUMBER OF OBSERVERS: ONE ADULT MALE 
ACTIONS OBSERVED: DINNER PLATE TURNED UPSIDE DOWN

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing typed text describing UFO sightings and related details.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

DATE: 29 November 1966.
TIME: 7:45 P.M.
TIME IN VIEW: (130 seconds) = 2 minutes.
LOCATION: Due South from about 90 degrees to about 40 degrees.
ALTITUDE: LOW. (Very low)
NUMBER OF OBSERVERS: One. (Myself and an 16x telescope).
SIZE: Bright as seen through the telescope.
COLOR: Silver.
SHAPE: PERFECTLY STRAIGHT LINES. At first seen, object flew in a ZIGZAG STARLY FLIGHT.
WEATHER: CLEAR. STARRY NIGHT.

DATE: 18 December 1966.
TIME HEARD: 1:30 A.M.
DURATION: About Northern portion of the house and Mrs. house next door. Above Height of said houses and a bit to the South.
SOURCE: Unknown.
TYPE OF SOUND: An EVEN low to high pitched whirring sound that gradually increased in pitch and volume as something passed over the house to disappear in the distance...if the sound had continued, it would have increased in altitude...to go higher and higher into the distance...but it went straight down UP and disappeared. 
WHAT THE SOUND WASN'T: (1) A train, (2) yet or Airplane-(3) A car.
POSSIBLE SOURCE: A helicopter. Rotary motor...like in a helicopter.

DATE: 1 March 1967
TIME HEARD: 5:30 A.M.
DURATION: 5 minutes.
LOCATION: Above the Southwest.
SOURCE: Unknown.
TYPE OF SOUND: An EYE UNEVEN high pitched, loud, rasping, grinding sound. Everytime I tried to stick my head out the window to see if I could see anything, the sound got louder and more harsh. 
WHAT THE SOUND WASN'T: (1) The revolving fan on top of Mrs. house. (2) The rain. (3) An airplane. (there wasn't any). 
POSSIBLE SOURCE: A helicopter with engine trouble.

- page 15 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report, likely part of the Project Blue Book records from the 1960s.

DATE: 16 MAR 1967
TIME: 10:22 P.M. CST
TIME IN VIEW: 30 seconds (+ a minute.)
ALTITUDE: Approx. 30,000 feet.
DIRECTION: North to south.  From about 110° to 80° degrees.
DESCRIBED: Disc. 
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
NUMBER OF OBSERVERS: 2
COLOUR: Bright silver. 
SIZE: Approx. 20 feet.
ACTIONS: Smooth and straight.
WEATHER: Blue sky with sparse feathery clouds.

Sincerely Yours

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Army, Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, dated 13 April 1966, regarding a report of a possible UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY
ABERDEEN PROVING GROUND, MARYLAND 21005

13 APRIL 1966

SUBJECT: Report of Possible UFO

TO: CFXT (USAF/UFO) 
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
OHIO 45433

1. The following report is furnished in confirmation of telephone conversation with your office, this date:

On 6 April 1966, at 2120 hours, ... ARC 15, was standing in front of his home at Shreveport, Louisiana, when his attention was attracted by an unusual object in the sky. The object appeared to be round and larger than a star. It had a blue-green center and was surrounded by a reddish-orange glow. The object remained stationary for about 2 minutes, then suddenly accelerated to the north and disappeared from sight. Subsequent investigation indicates there was no aircraft reported in the area at that time.

There are no other details available, and this office has no publicity on this report. Citing in local news media.

HARRY C. CLABAUGH
Intelligence Officer

CC: Base Liaison Officer
USAF, MD

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

C JUNE 66
Shreveport, La.
Dear Major: 
I was under the impression that someone had written to you concerning a sighting which I had reported to the Barksdale Air Force Base on Saturday, June 4, 1966. I am not sure whether or not any report was forwarded and would appreciate it if you could let me know if any record of the report exists.

- page 18 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a "FORCE UFO FORM" from the Project Blue Book program. The form contains various questions and checkboxes related to details about a UFO sighting, such as the time of day, weather conditions, object appearance, and object behavior.

Output of the text on the form:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One):
1. Clear
2. Hazy or slightly obscured
3. Dim or invisible
4. Don't remember

2. MOON (Circle One):
1. Full moonlight
2. Crescent
3. No moonlight - very dark
4. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
1. Clear
2. Hazy
3. Partly cloudy
4. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
1. Calm
2. Breeze or light wind
3. Gusty wind
4. Rain, fog, or light rain
5. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Still
b. Transparent
c. Blinking

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.
______________________________________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other __________
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
Yes No Don't know
b. Appear to move or change direction?
Yes No Don't know
c. Change in brightness or intensity?
Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke or exhaust?
Yes No Don't know
e. Change in shape?
Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?
Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?
Yes No Don't know

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire. The form appears to be part of the "Project Blue Book" investigation into unidentified flying objects.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusions or publications, unless you give your permission. We request this personal information in order that we may contact you for further details if necessary.

1. When did you see the object?
2 April 1966

2. Time of day:
7:30 Hours, a.m. or p.m.

3. Time Zone:
Central Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
2717 Mertoun St., Shreveport, La.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15 Minutes

5.1 How was it first observed? Noticed while driving truck.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: Clear
NIGHT: [Blank]

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. To my right
b. In back of me
c. Overhead
d. Don't remember

FTD 2754 164 This form supersedes FTD 104 Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 20 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a UFO or an unidentified aerial object. The drawing provided in the image depicts an elongated, elliptical-shaped object with a raised central section. Based on the instructions, I will not identify or name any humans in the image, as there are none present.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Didn't see clearly, so looked at object without detail.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Silent
b. Color: Red and White.

18. We would like to know the apparent size of the object. Answer by circling the items that best describe its size as seen from where you were:
a. Larger than a basketball, smaller than a house. 
b. About the same apparent size as a car or truck at that distance.
c. Smaller than a basketball.
d. Describe in feet or inches the size of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or vapour trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 21 -

The image shows a page from a UFO report document, specifically a "UFO form continued". There is no photograph present in this image, only a filled-out form with various questions and answers.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what would you estimate? 2 miles

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions.
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Window glass Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words as concisely as possible just what you observed. This would give the same information as the other which you now
have checked.
? This object was egg shaped and it stayed stationary after moving north, then it moved rapidly to the north east, then went south east, and then west. It made three moves and stayed stationary in between each move. It was not visible at all before and after these moves it made. Each move took about 2 to 5 seconds. I was in my car on a clear night.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text.

Home station   apr/20050    Light conditions: Day, night, dawn, dusk. 
Exact location of observations near section of Shreveport, la.
Physical evidence: none
Weather: Observer's account no color, hazy, with small occasional cloud.
Officials: Wind Direction & velocity at surface  6000,   10  ,   16  ,   20  ,  05
Ceiling: Visibility: Amount of cloud cover  
Thunderstorms: Temperature gradient
N 
"On the clear/fair at the time of sighting were"    
17 yrs    18 yrs     Address given as for all the seen:   Shreveport.
"Indicates appeared to flash extremely bright periodically, then fade (not completely out), when flash again." It is that this was noted was the lights. 
"DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: It appeared a large, slow in the sky to north. It was caused by another bright light in center of object. Several white and/or various light colors were, in fact, several small lights should be low attitude. The general shape of the object appeared more like rays extending from center or source of movement."
"NONE OF THE CLOUD COVER GAVE THE APPEARANCE OF MOVING. There were no stars or planet which might cast the light. The object moved slowly in a straight line. In the peripheral area for several miles. It operated and the light observers could distinctly witness this from beginning to end."

DONALD H. RYAN, Major, USAF
Investigating Officer

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a form titled "UFO form continued". The form contains various questions and fields for the witness to fill out, including details about the sighting, the witness's personal information, and when and to whom the sighting was reported.

UFO FORM CONTINUED
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location. Yes, 1-2-65
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[Redacted]
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUM [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience which might be pertinent.
So we saw a circular object with red lights circling around the border and had a bright
light in the center. Duration was about 1/2 hr.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Mother & father 12-2-66

- page 24 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page, but there are several illustrations and diagrams.

The text from the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass to show the direction the object was travelling.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the sighting.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 25 -

The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document. There is no photograph or image visible in this particular page. The text visible on the page includes the title "Official U.S. Air Force" and instructions related to completing a questionnaire, including the date "10 - 15 - 1957".

Official U.S. Air Force
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  10 - 15 - 1957
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page is titled "UFO form continued" and contains a blank text box, suggesting that this is a form where details about a UFO sighting or report would be recorded.

Page 9
UFO form continued

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the document reads:

April 17, 1966

"Project Bluebook"
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:
My name is Foley, Massachusetts. I am interested in U.F.O.'s and would like to know some information about them. I have viewed some of them - as I am including some. I am merely curious, nothing has happened to me personally. However, I am very interested in these things - and would appreciate any information you could give me.

Sincerely yours,
[redacted]
02702

Thank you.

Sincerely yours,
[redacted]

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely a questionnaire or observation form filled out by a witness of a UFO sighting.

TRANSCRIPT:

1. Date of observation: A) APRIL 2, 1966 9:30 P.M.
   B) APRIL 7, 1956 9:30 P.M.
   BY UNKNOWN: 1956 9:30 P.M.

2. Location of observer: 
   A) IN FRONT OF HOUSE
   B) IN FRONT OF HOUSE

3. Duration of observation: 
   A) 10 SEC.
   B) 5 MIN.

4. Condition of sky:
   A) DARK AND CLEAR
   B) BLACK
   C) NO TRACES OF DAYLIGHT

5. Position of sun/moon in relation to observer:
   A) MOON 35 MY LEFT
   B) MOON IN FRONT OF ME

6. Number of stars and state of moon:
   A) FEW STARS FULL MOONLIGHT
   B) MANY STARS FULL MOON

7. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
   A) YES
   B) YES

8. Was the object's brightness with known objects?
   A) BRIGHTER THAN STAR
   B) BRIGHTER THAN STAR
   C) BRIGHTER THAN MOON

9. Behavior of object:
   A) FLICKERED, PULSED, INCREASED SUDDENLY IN BRIGHTNESS, SUDDENLY SPEED UP, CHANGED SHAPE, FLICKERED
   B) CHANGES OF BRIGHTNESS

10. Did the object pass behind or in front of anything?
    A) BEHIND TREES
    B) BEHIND TREES

11. Did you observe the object through anything?
    A) NO
    B) THROUGH WINDSHIELD PART OF THE TIME

- page 29 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

12. Was there any -ind'
a) Yes
b) No
c) Unknown

13. Please describe: sound, color, riction, and shape:
a) No sounds: flashing red, white, and orange
b) No sound; red and wite
c) No sound; blinking green, red, and white 

14. Describe outline:
a) No particular outline
b) A dull straight line
c) Sharply outlined

15. *'as the object self-luminous?
a) Yes
b) No
c) Unknown

16. Did the object rise or fall while in motion?
a) Yes, and dart around; too
b) Yes
c) fell, then rose

17. "pparent size of object held at arms length:
a) Thumbnail on edge
b) Dime held on edge
c) Penny

18. How did the object disappear from view?  
a) It went behind the trees 
b) It went "and - behind the trees later.
c) Too, did"t see

19. How all you happen to notice the object?
a) I was looking at it; drew my eyes, when 
b) My flashlight attracted my eyes.
c) My brother saw it, I looked for it, then saw it myself.

20. Estimated stance of the object:
a) 2 miles
b) 5 miles
c) 3 miles

21. Compared with jet at same distance:
a) Mile or solider dart about very quicky, in the blink of an eye
b) About as fast as a jet
c) Faster than a jet

22. What were you doing at the time?
a) Looking door
b) Driving car
c) Playing tap.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten notes or text in the center.

BIAP
X - St. 
TOP
THE -AY

- page 31 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten text at the bottom.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
CONTROL SYSTEM OFFICE
SHREVEPORT, LA.
66-04-7097660

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

INVESTIGATION REPORT
USE ONE SIDE ONLY
CONFIDENTIAL
Page #: 1
File #: CASE 11-88
Case: 4-17-66 5102 Type: UFO
(Date - Time) Reported By: Chief Gerald F. Buchert
Assigned to: Chief Buchert Mantis Police Department
Evidence obtained. Yes ( X ), No, ( )
Prosecutor's Report submitted to:
PROGRESS REPORT:
At about 5 A.M., April 17, 1966, a radio call from Summit County Sheriff's Office requesting Mantis Police Department to send a patrol car to search for a UFO which was reported near Route 8 and I-76, along the boundary of Summit and Portage Counties. The Mantis Police Department requested Portage County Sheriff's Department to look for a UFO which was reported in their jurisdiction. According to Sheriff Buchert, the object was described as being very bright and seemed to be hovering approximately 100-150 feet from the ground. It was also reported that the object was at least 20-30 feet in diameter, and it lighted up the area intensely. I sighted it again at about 6 A.M. and I shined every searchlight that we could muster and it appeared to stay in the same general area. (3-14-4) The object remained in approximately the same area even after daylight and was sighted by me and it was very clear out with no clouds or stars in the sky. The object was located about 2 miles northeast of this city, near the boundary line of Summit and Portage Counties.
It is my opinion that the light was narrow by the object and became wider as I watched it, and it did not appear to be moving. I then moved up and down still observing it, and it did not appear to be moving. (3-14-4) I then called the Ohio State Highway Patrol, Mantis district office and informed them of the object and they sent a cruiser. The object departed at approximately 6:40 A.M. The opinion the object definitely was controlled by some means because when it moved down and away, it maintained a controlled motion. I took 3 pictures of the object from my front yard located at 4437 Orchard Hill, Mantis, Ohio. When the object disappeared, I waited until daylight and checked the area, which is a very open field, and there were no markings on the ground at 14, the film was black & white #127.
INVESTIGATOR'S COMMENTS: Around 6 A.M. the object was again sighted and appeared to be saucer-shaped and was glowing, and it moved upwards with a pulsating light coming from the object. The object seemed to be larger than any star ever seen by this officer. The object had no wings or protrusions and appeared to be silent. The investigator believes the object is stated because it would be purely a "guess" on my part.
Gerald F. Buchert
Chief of Police
Mantis Police Dept.
44266

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
When did you see the object? Friday April 15, 1960
Time of day: 3:40 - 4:00 
Where were you when you saw the object? 
Nearest Postal Address: PO Box 4506 , City or Town: Shreveport, State: Louisiana
How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 minutes
Condition of the sky: NIGHT - Bright
IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In back of you
b. To your right
c. Directly overhead
d. To your left
e. In front of you
f. Don't remember

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY  7 April 1966, Daniels Park, Denver, Colorado

Conversation PTD (TDETR) and Ann Mcllian, Lowry AFB, Colo on 12 Jul 56

Conversation with Airman David S. Mellish of the Information Office at Lowry AFB, Colorado on 12 July 1966 revealed that a sighting on 7 April 1966 at Daniels Park, Colorado was not reported to Lowry AFB, Colorado.

- page 35 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, specifically the "Daniels Park Case" or the "Case of the Disrupted Picnic".

7 APRIL 1966
THE DANIELS PARK CASE
OF
THE CASE OF THE DISRUPTED PICNIC
(This case was investigated by myself, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, on July 4, 1966. drives me to Denver from Boulder - having come up for me. Visited first... and story. Next met Mike... and we all went to visit... drove me and myself out to Daniels Park where we re-enacted the story. The case illustrated the importance of visiting the scene of the sighting. A totally erroneous impression was originally gained by the preliminary interview. Photographs attached show the reasons why.)
7 APRIL 1966
THE STORY
On April 7, 1966, three teen-age couples --  and ; and ; and  and ; and  and  had gone to Daniels Park, south of Denver by some 10 - 15 miles - in completely open, hilly, uninhabited territory, save for two or three houses in the distance. The territory was strangely reminiscent of the Socorro sighting -- gullies and deep wooded valleys, but much more vegetation than New Mexico. I saw it in July. In early April the foliage would not yet have been out. No establishments.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, possibly describing a UFO sighting.

Things were going slow, swimmingly. It was about 9:30 p.m., and the young couples were preparing to do what all young couples do on picnics - the fire had subsided somewhat and they were preparing to roast marshmallows.

The parties decided to slip away for a while and wandered out front, with the lights of the fire streaming out of the window. They were about 20 - 30 feet in front of the entrance, looking out at them in the dim light insist that they saw a tall figure standing close by and remained enshrouded when they asked what they had been no one out there.

About then, footsteps were heard on the roof (which is level with the terrain) and one of the crutches with him and a broken leg). They tapped on the roof, calling out, this is us now - this is our car, suspecting possible marauders. They then went to inspect the car, suspecting possible marauders.

During their observance, more steps were heard on the roof and those inside called out in no uncertain terms to cut out the horseplay.

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a scanned document containing text about a UFO sighting.

Transcribed text from the document:

Shortly after, they were sitting near fire and looking up through the chimney, when she saw a figure above them. Shortly after she said they saw a huge figure of a man (presumable) about 7 ft tall and with a tight feltly black garment, like a trench coat - - but she could not see the form.

When they turned they were accused of the horseplay on the roof but protested complete innocence. Furthermore, neither of the two wore as tall nor dressed like the figure -- which had now been seen three times.

As they were going to the car, he felt the presence and she stood up on his neck. As they approached the car, walking toward the vest, they noticed two circular lights (blue and red) with white lights in the center. The white lights were going on and off at an equal rate.

After three or four minutes, during which time they found nothing, they went back on the road on the opposite side, out of sight of the "object". After three or four minutes, they went to see if the "object" was coming closer, but whatever it was gone or invisible - there were no lights or sound. At night in Daniels' Park it is possible to see lights for a great distance. At night the leads assumed the lights of the "car" (they looked something like car lights being turned on and off) were on a level meadow just off the road. When they returned in daylight they noted that the lights had appeared over a very uneven gulley, where no car could be expected to be.

There- and return, and their statement that they had not been responsible for the contrary noises, near panic set in. Up to this time the conclusion was that some hoodlums were about and that some harm might come to the girls or to all of them.

- page 38 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report describing an apparent UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

Thus, just when their picnic was settling down into the cozy stage it was rudely interrupted and the whole thing called off. This one fact above I believe rules out hoax on their part - who breaks up a cozy three couple night time party for a hoax that can only bring ridicule to them. It of course does not rule out hoax on the part of others, but this is effectively ruled out by other factors.

The entire party surged toward the car (a 19____ (?) ). Now, trailing, noticed a light behind him in the sky. (The sky was overcast). The light moved up and down, and when it went down it went behind a ridge which hid from sight temporarily. Two other lights were observed hovering near it. This was no essentially in the opposite direction from that in which they had seen the first set of lights. 

They had got into the car but before key was put into ignition lock, car shock violently from side to side several times. Got car started and backed it up away from parking space and back onto road -- no other cars or people around, way before seemed to indicate. 

Now watched lights moving -- and seemed definitely attached to some object. Alan drew the object --. After car had been backed up, several got on top of car to watch -- but indicated and flashed inside -- frequently willing out screams of fright. They noticed one light to the left or the other three which after about fifteen minutes, moved straight toward them. It came close and stopped. This is the object Alan drew.

A red light descended itself and some around to the left and along "the trees", but above them. 

It would suddenly get out, and then very suddenly flash on nearby. All during the period an all pervasive humming sound was heard. No other noise.

When red light, bright, popped up, over rocky terrain, just about 30 feet

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

them, they thought, they wanted to get out as fast as they could.

One boy wanted to reverse, stop the car to continue watching, but the screams of the girls and the fear of the rest made them insist they get out of the place.

They noticed one light to the left of the other three which after about 15 minutes, moved straight toward them. It came close and stopped this is the object Alan saw.

They started for home - but the car motor frequently stalled momentarily and then started on its own. The engine went on and off, as if the ignition were being turned on and off. The radio was exceedingly full of static. The ignition key was not turned - car was started by pushing down accelerator - car would suddenly start chugging along again.

Finally, two things: about a mile or so down the road toward Denver they heard the others scream and Don Yell, "God, what's going on?". They saw a bright light, white, projected from above onto the road. The light on it appeared on the road was stronger and of a diameter equal to width of the road. The light appeared about fifty feet behind them and caught up with them in about two seconds. The beam seemed to come straight down - or thought it was a coherent beam. Alan said that he hastened looking for it in his rear view mirror but did not see it because, (his opinion) the light did not seem to reflect.

The rest of the trip was uneventful. Two or three of the group developed a sunlike marks on their necks and backs.

When they reported it they were at first regarded very lightly but at the Littleton Police Office, where they went immediately to report it, their story was fully regarded seriously because they had not been drinking (even beer had not been brought to the picnic) and were obviously seriously frightened.

- page 40 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, specifically Case # 7/Apr/66, titled "Daniels Park Case".

The text found in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make herein, and any personal information as to your identification will be held in strict confidence and will only be used, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 7 - APR - 66
2. Time of day: 7 : 10 HOUR: MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Daniels Park City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 7 8 SECONDS
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES or NO
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: b. NIGHT: c. Hazy d. Partly Cloudy e. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 41 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a form with various text fields to be filled out, but no photograph is visible.

OCR OUTPUT:
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Few
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember  

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Clearly outlined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Hover 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?
(Circle One for each question)

- page 42 -

The image contains a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a UFO report form. There is a sketch of a UFO drawn on the bottom portion of the document, showing a circular object with red light rays going upward and blue circular lights.

The text from the document is as follows:

There was more than one object
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Cant say, -100'150' altitude, stopped in sight for a moment and then disappear at super speed, 
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: a distant coast of clouds.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: -
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Absolutely silent
b. Color - White and iridescent reflecting 
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Every small, at around 15 ft altitude
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. If you have drawn a picture to show the shape of the object, the details on the drawing should agree with your description in the previous question. 
- Red light rays going skyward
- Blue circular lights
No vapor or exhaust

- page 43 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a page from a UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book case 1966-04-7097660 from Shreveport, Louisiana.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Slightly more than a mile.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At an airport f. Other stood in the silence and heard

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other Yes No

26. In order that you can give a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Cant say as the ground was strange, silent and bright

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely a questionnaire or report form used to gather information about UFO sightings.

Transcribing the text:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Bright
c. Faint
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright, moonlight
b. Not too bright
c. Dark - no moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Scattered
c. Hazy 
d. Overcast or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other:

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change course at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Suddenly slow down and/or change course at any time? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off any sound? YES NO Don't know
e. Change in size during observation? YES NO Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image contains a diagram and some text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that the object you saw was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object was when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 4 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 46 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself.  
NAME - Last Name First Name Middle Name  
ADDRESS - Street, City, State, Zip  
TELEPHONE NUMBER  
AGE 17 SEX Male
I have no police record. I have a low average in school.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
April 6, 1966 - Chief Inspector Little - Shreveport Police Dept.

- page 47 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report containing handwritten text.

Transcribing the text:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 day June 1966 year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire, may be narrated on your own paper.

We have the report that they were seen in the Barksdale Air Force Base area on June 7, 1966 at about 8:45 p.m. by me and my wife, as well as our small children. I had just gotten home from work and was working in the front yard. We noticed a light in the sky which at first appeared to be rather high and motionless. As we watched it, it started moving rapidly across the sky, then stopped and hovered. It then started moving again, stopped, hovered, and then moved off rapidly across the sky, finally disappearing from sight. The light was definitely not an airplane or a star. It was much too bright and it moved in a manner inconsistent with normal aircraft. It was several times brighter than any star in the sky at the time, and the motion was anything but steady or consistent with normal aircraft. When it was moving rapidly, it left a trail or "tail" behind it. We watched it for several minutes. My wife became quite concerned and wanted to call the authorities, but I told her I didn't think that was necessary since I felt it was probably some sort of experimental aircraft or something similar. I have no idea what it was, but it was definitely not a normal aircraft as we know them. It was a very strange and unusual sight.

- page 48 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. However, the image contains handwritten text that appears to be part of the report.

Here is the text extracted from the image:

At some close and expected shower it surely produces a most strange aspect. The radio played statice and the engine went on and off. They then saw a circular light, perceptively from the direction as described, very close and only about 20 ft. wide, as well as 45 ft. long, which was approaching and disappearing, then reappearing again. They say it appeared to be a "whirlwind" moving and up and off the ground again and the light did not reflect a beam but appeared illuminated from within. At that time two others on the road witnessed the same, and the light did not reflect a beam but appeared illuminated from within. At that time two others on the road witnessed the same, and the light was also seen by an of-ficer responding from the other direction, who also witnessed it disappear.

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED 

1. TITLE OF INFORMATION REPORT: Unidentified Flying Object reported over the city of Montevideo, Uruguay.

2. SUMMARY: On 8 April 1966, an unidentified object was reported over the city of Montevideo, Uruguay. According to the report, it was observed by many citizens who watched the object for several minutes. The object was described as emitting a brilliant glow in its wake.

3. THE NUMBER: RCS: 1 900 0031 66

4. DATE OF INFORMATION: 8 Apr 1966

5. PLACE AND DATE OF OCC: 12 Apr 66 Montevideo 

6. EVALUATION: SOURCE: G    INFORMATION: Press 

7. COMMENTS: This is just one of several reports of unidentified flying objects that occasionally appear in the press.

8. ORIGINATOR: USAIRA URUGUAY

9. DATE OF REPORT: 13 April 1966

10. REFERENCES: AIC 1900 0076 65, AIC 1900 0079 65

11. PREPARED BY: HOWARD M. SLATON COLONEL, USAF APPROVING AUTHORITY DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY

- page 50 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE BASE NEW YORK 13443

11 April 1956

ROBO
SUBJECT: Information Concerning UFO Sighting on 9 April 1956

TO: Foreign Technology Div (FDEW/UFO) 
ATTN: WIBI-Wright-Patterson AFB, OHIO 45433

1. The sighting was made by a civilian at approximately 2000 hours EST on 9 April 1956. The sighting was approximately six minutes in duration and was of a metallic aircraft. The object was observed to make four distinct movements.

2. The sighting was determined to be a departing C-124 aircraft from Griffiss Air Force Base.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

WILLIAM H. CARPENTER
MAJOR, USAF
Chief, Base Operations & Training Div.

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, listing sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) during the period of 8-17 April 1966. The document provides details on the date, location, observer, and evaluation for each sighting.

8 - 17 APRIL 1966 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
8 Ellonville, New York Multiple Astro (MOON)
8 San Pedro, California Multiple Astro (REFLECTION)
8 Houston, Texas Multiple Astro (METEOR)
9 Scherectady, New York Multiple Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
10 Colorado Springs, Colorado Multiple Astro (METEORS)
10 Dallas, Pennsylvania Multiple Astro (COLLECTING DATA)
10 Garden City, Michigan (PHOTOS)
10 Colorado Springs, Colorado Civilian
10 Oaterville, Massachusetts
10 Rantoul, Michigan
11 Greensburg, Pennsylvania
11 Decatur, Nebraska
12 Colorado Springs, Colorado
12 Chester, New York
14 Brookville, Indiana
15 Devils Arkansas
15 Boston, Massachusetts
15 Byrn Mawr, Pennsylvania
15 Storer, New York
15-15 Albany, New York
15 Pueblo, Colorado
15 Salem, Massachusetts
15 Colorado Springs, Colorado
15 Arvada, Colorado
16 Milwaukee, Wisconsin
16-17 Columbus, Indiana
16 Colorado Springs, Colorado
17 Millersville, Texas
17 Lake Charles, New York
17 Ravonna, Mantua, Ohio
17 Philomath, Oregon
17 Fairhaven, Massachusetts 
17 Sioux City, Iowa
17-19 New Gloster, Maine

- page 52 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document as part of Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The remainder of the page contains handwritten text that appears to be a witness' description of the UFO sighting.]

- page 53 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified flying object, labeled with details such as "Rotating Motions" and "Spinning" to describe its observed movement. No photographic evidence is included in this particular page of the document.

DIDN'T PERFORM THE EXPERIMENT.

- page 54 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch appears to be a set of instructions or questions related to observing and describing the motion and trajectory of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point marked by the "X" and that the object you first saw is described by the lines (solid line) where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the horizon (skyline) was when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place a "B" at the beginning of the path, a "D" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, likely containing a questionnaire or interview form.

OCR Text Output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:  
DEAN H. ELLIS
3504 - 35th st.
Shreveport, la.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME:
DEAN H. ELLIS
Last Name First Name Middle Name 

ADDRESS:
3504 - 35th st., Shreveport, la.
Street City State

TELEPHONE NUMBER: 

AGE:  SEX:  

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NONE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
4 - 7 - 66 to U.S. Air Force

- page 56 -

