The image contains a photograph showing a blurry, grainy image that appears to depict clouds or some other atmospheric phenomenon. There is no identifiable human face in the image.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 August 66 2610150
2. LOCATION: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
3. SOURCE: O-21.128
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: --
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
No data presented to indicate object could NOT be identified. Observer noted circular shaped object disappearing behind building. No other details were available.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document describing a reported UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

PNZ Center Burooid, calling for O.D. called from Wilson's grove E.N.E. Penn. to report a UFO sighted to him.

I informed him that standard procedures regarding sightings were being followed, and that this appeared to be a VIS incident. Procedures for the gathering data were submitted.

Report by Mr. [redacted], Philadelphia, Penn.

20:55 L to Ely. Bright object going NE, turning Philadelphia airp't, disappeared, object was silent moving very fast, and lasted only 5 seconds. It had no glow or flame, just glowed.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire used to gather information about a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as complete information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any analysis or publication of your information. We request this personal information in order that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
Day: 8
Month: August
Year: 1966

2. Time of day: 
Hour: 9:30
A.M. or P.M.: P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): 
a. Eastern
b. Central 
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Philadelphia
City or Town: Pennsylvania 
State or Country: PA

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain: Hours 0 Minutes 45 Seconds --
b. Fairly certain: 
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: Clear
NIGHT: Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. Behind you
d. To your right

FTD DDi 6 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a series of questions and response options related to the observer's sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Few, c. Many remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. As a light, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____________________________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Clearly defined, c. Wavy, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Yes/No/Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time? ___
b. Move slowly or drift? ___
c. Break up into parts or explode? ___
d. Give off smoke? ___
e. Change shape? ___
f. Flash or flicker? ___
g. Disappear and reappear? ___

- page 4 -

The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Transcribing the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
A disappearable observance of it a small object.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES - NO - Don't Know. If you answered YES, it moved behind: The object seemed to disappear in a particular place.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know. If you answered YES, it moved in front of: (No response)

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: silent
b. Color: light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object that is covered by the object. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the match head would have been covered by the object?
The object appeared to be about 1/2 inch in diameter at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the details that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and specifically indicate trails or Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(No drawing provided)

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a form with various questions related to an unidentified object sighting.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)   a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)   a. In the business section of a city, b. In the residential section of a city, c. In open countryside, d. Near an airfield, e. Flying over a city, f. Flying over open country?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?   (Circle One)   Yes   No
24.3 Did you stop or change your speed while you were looking at the object?   (Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses   (Yes/No)
b. Sun glasses   (Yes/No)
c. Windshield   (Yes/No)
d. Window glass   (Yes/No)
e. Binoculars   (Yes/No)
f. Telescope   (Yes/No)
g. Other   (Yes/No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words, the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance to you as the object you saw.

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a series of instructions and diagrams related to reporting UFO sightings, but there is no photograph present.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

27. To indicate the direction from which the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the curve where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

90.75

45째

30째

15째

0째

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the report from 1966-08-8287828 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) (Yes/No)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (Yes/No)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name, First Name Middle Initial
ADDRESS Street, City 19122 State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 18 SEX M
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be relevant.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
to Naval Air Station Willow Grove

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten page from a UFO report document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 - Aug - 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
The object looked something like an inverted saucer, with lights or other objects or a fuchsia color at the outsides. At first it gave a flash at a plane that was visible. It was moving rapidly, about the speed of a jet plane, which seem to be the flight pattern of the object and its motion was erratic.
As a witness, I watched it move across the sky, I noticed an exit trail that seemed to dissipate quickly, the object was maneuvering and I thought looked like it was moving a lot quicker than the airplane. I compared the size of the object to what the diameter of a dinner plate would be held at arm's length. What was it? What is the explanation for this?

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of an old document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (TDGTR) 1-4
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
25 August 1966

Mr. [redacted]
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19122

Dear [redacted]:

Reference your unidentified observation of 25 August 1966. The information which you have provided is of interest to the Air Force. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 14H and return it to us for evaluation. Form 14H and return are attached.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

