The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from Project 10073, presumably part of Project Blue Book, regarding a UFO sighting in Dayton, Ohio on 23 September 1966.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 23 Sept. 66 0430Z
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio (one witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

The document indicates "INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION" under the "CONCLUSION" section, suggesting that the information provided was not sufficient for a comprehensive analysis of the UFO sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible, since the information you give will be of great assistance in our study of this subject. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4-23-66 Day, 4-23-66 Month, 66 Year
2. Time of day: 4:30 Hours, 15 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Clt. Green - Lemon Twp. Longview (Street Address) Dayton, Ohio (City or Town) Montgomery (State or County)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright, Clear b. NIGHT: Bright, Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

OCR OUTPUT:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible, since the information you give will be of great assistance in our study of this subject. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4-23-66 Day, 4-23-66 Month, 66 Year
2. Time of day: 4:30 Hours, 15 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Clt. Green - Lemon Twp. Longview (Street Address) Dayton, Ohio (City or Town) Montgomery (State or County)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright, Clear b. NIGHT: Bright, Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a survey or questionnaire related to observations of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as part of Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_____________________________________________________

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like bright stars
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answer options.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)
Yes No Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) 
Yes No Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially outline or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and checkboxes.

The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In an automobile
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing text instructions and diagrams.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show the lowered point at which you last saw the object. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No  
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: 63 W. Dayton, Ohio 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 13 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I had also seen it before

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: [Redacted]
Month: [Redacted]
Year: [Redacted]

- page 7 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or document from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified observation reported on September 23, 1966. The text of the document is as follows:

FTIC (DAYTON) AE 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
30 September 1966

Dayton, Ohio 45406

Reference your unidentified observation of 23 September 1966. Request you complete the attached FTIC Form 164 and return it to this envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 8 -

