The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting an incident that occurred on 8 April 1966 in Bossier City, Louisiana. The page contains a form with various fields filled out, providing details about the incident, including the location, conclusion, number and description of objects observed, length of observation, and type of observation. The text on the form has been transcribed below:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 8 April 1966, 09/01/50Z
2. LOCATION: Bossier City, La. (Multiple Witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 - 8 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (OX)
7. CONCLUSION: Other (REFLECTION OF GROUND LIGHTS)
8. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECTS: The object appeared to be a reflection of ground lights believes cause to be reflections of ground lights on overhead. 
9. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer was on front porch when he and several elderly neighbors observed a round object which seemed to have lights on it. The object appeared to hover, then circle, hover, then climb rapidly out of sight at a very high speed. Object appeared to have, then circle, hover, then single.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

NAME OF OBSERVER: 
OCCUPATION: Student, La. Tech

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT:
(1) Shape: Round
(2) Size: Small House
(3) Color: Unknown
(4) Number: 1
(5) Formation: No
(6) Maneuvers: Orange/Red light came on bright, then dim, repeat, several times
(7) Trail: Tail, exhaust(compare to size of object) appears to be made of fluid, sharply away for disappearance
(8) Sound: None, too far away
(9) Speeds: Fast

DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT:
(1) Reason for sighting: Pointed out by elderly neighbor
(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object: When first observed, low, to the East. Upon disappearance, climbed to the NE.
(3) Description of flight path and/or maneuvers: Appeared to hover, then climbed rapidly to a 60 degree angle, then a 90 degree angle.
(4) Manner of disappearance: Climbed out of sight
(5) Length of time in sight: 5 - 8 minutes

MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) Ground or air, visual or electronic: visual
(2) Optical aids description: 10 x 50 binoculars

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a written description of an observation.

Home station: N/A
Time-date: 8 Apr/1950G
Light conditions: Dry, night, damp dusk
First location of observer: Bossier City, La.
Physical evidence: None
Weather: Observer's account "High Overcast, about 6000 ft"
Official: Wind direction & velocity at surface: 10 20 30
Ceiling: Visibility:  Amount of cloud cover: 
Thunderstorms: Temperature gradient:
Remarks: For the Easter week-end when some elderly neighbor's sitting on their front porch called my attention to the strange lights in the sky. He noticed three lights only then, but subsequently four visual sightings occurred when he took his binoculars. He estimated them to be about the size of the Red River Bridge from Barksdale AFB, and they appeared to be hovering, as though it was a stationary object. When a fourth light appeared suddenly, he decided to get his own binoculars and started following the object. The lights disappeared into the overcast. I drove to the area to see if I could see anything remotely resembling the object described, but could not observe anything. The lights are reported to have hovered for quite a while, but on my arrival the sky was overcast and the lights were gone. SEE AF 232 FOR PREPARATION OF REPORT.

DONALD R. RYAN, Major, USAF
Investigating Officer
Phone Barksdale AFB, ext. 3369

- page 3 -

