The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

6 JULY 66 07/02304
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual 
7. COURSE
NW - SE
8. PHOTOS
NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
XXNo

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

PFD (AAMSTER)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
7 July 1966

Oxford, Ohio 45056

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 6 July 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation.
For future identification and reporting, we suggest you complete the attached form.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely:

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Lt. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, specifically a letter from the United States Air Force UFOUI Division in Washington, D.C. dated July 8, 1966.

The text of the letter is as follows:

United States Air Force 
UFOUI Division
Washington, D.C.

Sir:

After years of wondering, I finally, thanks to what you told me, was an Unidentified Flying Object. Of this there is not the slightest doubt in my mind. For this report on Wedl did I see two bright lights in the sky. They were blinking alternately, white-green-white-green like lights blinking. They seemed to be about 1,500 feet up and moving at a terrific speed. What the nature of these objects may have been, others who reported the same thing can hardly imagine. But the lights just disappeared and there was no sound.

Also this object covers a this distance in a very short time. I don't know how long it was in sight - it seemed to me it must have been longer than a few seconds, but it was all over so quickly, that I couldn't have said exactly how long. There just wasn't enough time for me to have heard the sound, enough so that I would have been sure of hearing it, but it was perfectly silent.

Of course there may be some other logical explanation, but to me it seems quite certain that what I saw was not any conventional aircraft. This experience was so strange and so brief that I doubt if I would have been able to tell of it at all if I hadn't happened to be on the alert to observe it. As it was, I did see it, though very briefly, and I am convinced that it was something strange, something not man-made.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Oxford, Ohio

- page 3 -

