The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 26 OCTOBER 1966
2. LOCATION: Willow Grove NAS, Pa.
3. SOURCE: Military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: 2X NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 2X NO
10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers watched a white colored object NW and disappear, but the object came back to the east. The object disappeared in the distance. The observers had never seen anything like this before. He has seen aircraft, but this object did not look like normal aircraft.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
"Argua..! Bright light."

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't remember
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes No Don't remember
c. Zig-zag? Yes No Don't remember
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't remember
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't remember
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't remember
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't remember
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't remember

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph contained within this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used only for official purposes in connection with the investigation of such phenomena. It will not be made available for unofficial use, or for any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information since if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object:

FTD FORM OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, featuring a survey-style questionnaire with questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes, No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? (redacted)

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes, No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? (redacted)

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other (redacted)

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section, b. In the residential section, c. In open country side?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? (redacted) miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes, No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes, No, b. Sun glasses Yes, No, c. Windshield Yes, No, d. Windshield glass Yes, No, e. Binoculars Yes, No, f. Telescope Yes, No, g. Theodolite Yes, No, h. Other (redacted)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a detailed account of the object or object(s) which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as that which you saw. (redacted)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from what appears to be a UFO report document with various questions and responses. 

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. It appeared to disappear into the distance.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One:) Yes

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Quiet
b. Color: Luminous

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the object. If you had performed this measurement, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
5

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhausts if observed. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(No drawing provided)

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and locations.
 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: 
                      

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME                     LAST NAME                     FIRST NAME
ADDRESS     WILLOWS GROVE AVENUE     CITY                     Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER                    AGE      SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be relevant.

 

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
   15       6       56 2 57
    Day      Month      Year

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram with a sketched illustration and compass directions. The diagram appears to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
80*
73*
60*
45*
30*
15*
0* NW     NE
SW     SE

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "B" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 7 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It shows a section of a document with a handwritten response to a question.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: day month
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
> 26 MAY 66 2330 - 2345 EST SIGHTED APPROXIMATELY 12 OBJECTS SILVER METALLIC OBJECTS APPEARING DISC SHAPED AT NAS WILLOW GROVE, PA. OBJECTS TRAVELLED IN EASTERN DIRECTION FTD

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TYPE/UFO
UFO Sighting, 18 October 1966
Collingewood, New Jersey
Dear Mr. [REDACTED],
Reference your unidentified observation on 18 October 1966. We have received your information which was in sufficient form and we have processed it further. The attached FTD Form 164 is returned to you and we wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Force.
Sincerely,
VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

Transcribed text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON:
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow 
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: FLARE (possibly)

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle to ---->)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other ____________

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes  No 
b. Suddenly speed up or dart across sky at any time? Yes  No
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes  No
d. Give off smoke? Yes  No
e. Change brightness? Yes  No
f. Change shape? Yes  No
g. Flash or flicker? Yes  No
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes  No

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire regarding the sighting of an unidentified aerial object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you may have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with this mission. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15 - OCTOBER - 1966
2. Time of day: 12 Hour (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? U.S. ARMY POST OFFICE WILLOW GROVE, PA.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5-10 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? VERY SURE
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY Bright b. NIGHT (Circle One) Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To the right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions about an observed UFO or unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast f. Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _____________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as that which you saw.

LEAN AND GRAYISH GREEN CIGAR WITH A GLOWING WHITE DISC ATTACHED TO IT AND A BLUE GREEN LIGHT EMITTING FROM IT.

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
BY GOING OUT OF SIGHT AROUND THE START IN FRONT OF THE STARS AND SUDDENLY GO OUT

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes STIJRS No Don't Know. If you answer

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes STARS No Don't Know. If you answer

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NONE
b. Color WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
2/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in it the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
FIRST TIME SECOND

- page 13 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Based on the OCR of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: WHITED STATES NAVAL AIR S, Wi...

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED], Collegeville, [REDACTED], [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] AGE: 19 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience: FINAL NAVAL RESERVES JUNE 17, 1961; DISCHARGE FROM ACTIVE DUTY DATE 1 SEPT.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? OCT. 8, S TATION, W WILLOW GROVE NAS, PA.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing instructions for sketching or drawing observations of unidentified flying objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the point above how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they moved.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. 

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     16 December
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
I have witnessed failing stars both also a meteor. I have never seen an object like this one travel. I was familiar to the earth the direction and come back. It have object like a falling star. This also many aircraft at night and the seem like the same. I have never written this object plane falling star, meteor. Travel at such a rate or speed this.

- page 16 -

