There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 March 66   21/01002  
2. LOCATION: Elyria, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Form 164 requested over 30 days and not returned as of this date. If form 164 returned, lighting will be evaluated.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: South
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient Data

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

D/W (DEWD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
13 April 1966

Elyria, Ohio 44035

Dear Sir:

Reference your letter of 7 April 1966 regarding an unidentified observation which occurred on 20 April 1966. The information contained in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached BLUE Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. 

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

A. HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

Dear Sir:

Attention affecting this object in the sky and more at 20:15 (Secondary) night but 8:00 I called the Air force and on Monday they gave me your address. Then on Tuesday night at 21:00 I sat in my recliner and out of the corner of my eye I saw something. I had turned on the television. to show you have his I set here writing to you. I sat here looking to see if I could see anything more. The radar at Lorain, O army manned, told me there was nothing on the radar. (Capt.1947) an Hill McKinley Calif. To say an air force weather I feel it my duty to write to you.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will proceed to extract all the text from the document:

And radio station explained the report with detail. I have in Elyria, South of the city and other object was going northward. As I was listening to the broadcast, I became interested at the object. It was stated that the object was very large and bright light. I have never seen anything like it before. They stated that it hovered on the site and then left very fast. As I looked at it closely it appeared to be several lights, red, green and white revolving around the center. It got beyond me so clear with the binoculars. I decided to call my wife to see if she could see it, as I do not get excited about such things. And decided that I will turn on the television, but the opposite side of the set.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to contain handwritten text describing an apparent UFO sighting or related experience.

The text output from the OCR system is as follows:

when I did that it proved very strange on. that fully I did got in the car and went out there I could the car away and then I see that then I told my husband I was going to come in and get someone to come and look at the house, and told my husband I was going to come in and get someone to come and look at the house, and 
In the oval shape it reminded me like the direngalia, I would see the real outline than planes, all around it.
all colors grey and langrm, and some what a little bright on top and will never forget this,

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be a report or letter about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text reads:

"Some personal notes for murder friend are not supposed to be the about it. But I know this was definitely something it is had to be seen to be believed me over in describing the way it would move in stop and continue on and they was only there for a second. But if this air force ed homes this for accuracy all will and good. But I hope to hear from you, as this would indicated around more definite information mysterious and important."

Mrs. *****, 
Elyria, Ohio

- page 6 -

