The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 13 April 66 13/23/02
2. LOCATION: Syracuse, New York (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Less than 5 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Southerly
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEOR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object appeared as a bright light brighter than a light bulb. Object was white in color and was shooting sparks behind it. Object disappeared like a flare just going out.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book report on a UFO sighting.

Project Blue Book
SAFFOT
Washington,D.C. 20330
Dear Sirs: I like to report a UFO. It could of been a meteor, but my friend and I decided that it was to be to low to be a meteor. It was very bright and traveled very fast. It was in sight for about 25 seconds, than it disappeared. It flew low and over the center of Syracuse. It was do bright that it gave the information required if needed. The address is at the top. Sincerely yours,

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon that was observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is necessary, we may contact you for additional details.

1. When did you see the object? 13 APRIL 1966
2. Time of day: 6:40 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving c. Central d. Mountain e. Pacific f. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 123 SINCLAIR AVE. SYRACUSE NEW YORK
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 20-35 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY b. NIGHT c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form where the witness has filled in their observations about a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: a... (written response)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram drawn by the witness. The sketch depicts "SPARKS FLYING OUT" from the observed object.

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object just disappeared like a flare just going out.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes (No) Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes (No) Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound There was no sound
b. Color Bright white object

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About 1/10 of the object should have been covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

SPARKS FLYING OUT

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, featuring a questionnaire with various questions and checkboxes.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________________________________

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) 
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather contains a sketch and a compass image. The sketch shows a curved line with angle markings, representing an object's position relative to the horizon. The compass image shows a detailed illustration of a compass with directional labels.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph included in this page from the Project Blue Book report. The image appears to be a form with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out, including information about their sighting, personal details, and when and to whom they reported the sighting.

OCR text output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

SYRACUSE 8, NEW YORK

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS [STREET] SYRACUSE 8 NEW YORK
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 13 SEX male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

April 25th, sighting was something like small and traveling faster.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 

13 Day April Month 1966 Year Project Blue Book

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, specifically a questionnaire with Question 34 asking about the completion date and Question 35 asking for additional information about the sighting that is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image, the output is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    25 March  1967
    Day      Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a historical United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

PFUD (CREW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
22 April 1966

Syracuse, New York

Dear M--:

Reference your recent unidentified observation. The information in your letter of 7 April 1966 was not sufficient for evaluation. It is requested you provide your detailed UFD Form 164 evaluation to assist us in classifying the reported observation.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

