The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically report 10073, which is regarding an observation that took place on 6 October 1966 in Woodbridge, Virginia.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6 October 66 06/15002
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 Minute
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer noted an unidentified object of unusual shape. The observer was not sure of the shape of the object. There is a total lack of information in regard to the appearance and characteristics of the object and the observer was not sure of the shape of the object.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form for gathering information about a reported unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statistical conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
10 OCT 1966
2. Time of day: 12 Hour
(Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): c. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? WOODBRIDGE, VA.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 7 Minutes Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain 
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? BY LOOKING
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One for NIGHT): a. Clear
(Circle One for NIGHT): b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): d. To your left
This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image. 

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Gradually faded

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, the object moved behind the cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, the object was in front of

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Silvery

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? None

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[The drawing shows what appears to be a curved or circular object with the text "Curved to the right, 030 windward"]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

NEARLY 12 DOLLAR - (SILVERY)

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8-1. STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8-2. MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. As a light
d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11-1. COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: NEARLY 12 DOLLAR - (SILVERY)

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Suddenly slow down or even stop at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 4 -

The image contains a compass rose diagram and a sketch with angles and labels. There is no photograph present in this page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve that shows how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 5 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200 yd

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One): 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. North
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.
M3229

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire that was filled out.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 23 SEX F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be related to the object you saw.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year
La xxxxxxxxxxxx

- page 7 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a page from a questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 Day Month Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
Not too sure about this object.

- page 8 -

