The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10673 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 NOV 66 2202Z
2. LOCATION: Monroe, New York
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: unknown
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: Observed
8. RADAR: None
9. PHOTOS: None
10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers reported a star-shaped object moving very fast low on the horizon. Green and red colors were noted during the observation. The object moved from 120 degrees to the south at a high rate of speed. Observer claims that he has seen several UFOs before but this sighting could not be placed. Investigative officers feel that the witness saw and reported an aircraft. He had no other evidence to the contrary.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO report, dated November 28, 1966.

Text in the document:
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4602D AIR BASE GROUP (USAF)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12550
28 November 1966
SUBJECT: UFO Report
TO: FTD (AFSC)
The attached report is submitted in accordance with paragraph 8, AFR 80-17.
FOR THE COMMANDER
D. C. BOYD, LT COL, USAF
Chief, Operations & Training Division

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a written report describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Shaped like a star, but was moving very fast. It appeared to be low on the horizon and was blinking.
2. Size compared to a known object: Undetermined, but it did not change in size.
3. Color: Green and red
4. Number: One
5. Formation, if more than one: None
6. Any discernible features or details: None
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
8. Sound, if heard, describe sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): The observers are interested in the UFO Program and spend considerable time watching for them.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: No azimuth or elevation measurements were taken, but the object appeared low on the horizon about 15 miles away. Appeared to be over the vicinity of Newburgh, NY.
No angular measurements were taken. The object disappeared over the horizon.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO project blue book report.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): It moved from West to East and appeared to stop on occasion.
5. How did the object(s) disappear: Moved over the horizon.  
6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: More than five minutes.
7. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - visual
2. Optical Aids: None
3. N/A
D. Time and Date of Sighting: 
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 0002.4 Nov 66
2. Light condition: very clear night.
E. Location of Observer(s): Monroe, New York
F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]
3. Age: 24
4. Mailing Address: [redacted], Monroe, N.Y.
5. Occupation: Sander in the Paint Shop for the Ford Motor Company
6. Estimate of Object: It was very small, 1/4 size of full moon, according to Mr. [redacted] who has a color blindness. He was very excited when talking on the telephone, but could not distinguish what he saw from aircraft in flight.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document that contains text describing weather and wind conditions at the time and place of sightings, as well as a list of various factors to be reported, such as ceiling, visibility, amount of cloud cover, thunderstorms, temperature gradient, and any other unusual activity or conditions.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
3. Ceiling:
4. Visibility:
5. Amount of cloud cover:
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:
7. Vertical temperature gradient:
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition:
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken:

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The text indicates that there is "N/A" for the "Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs", meaning that no physical evidence or photographs are available.

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
Normal traffic around Stewart AFB.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Mr. - is a sincere and believes in the UFO program and spends considerable time reading about and looking for unidentified flying objects. All this he has done voluntarily on his own, not as part of his official duties as a Captain. The object appears to be metallic and fairly small in size but with a definite shape.

He feels that he is a sincere and accurate in his reporting but he is unable to offer any information that could be scientifically investigated. The object he has reported could very easily have been aircraft traffic around Stewart AFB. No other evidence to the contrary has been offered.

WILLIAM J ARISHIELD, Captain, USAF
Investigating Officer

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: N/A

- page 6 -

