The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report record, which includes various information fields such as the date and time group, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and physical evidence.

PROJECT 16373 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 Dec 66 22/0215-05
2. LOCATION
Englewood, Colorado
3. SOURCE
Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
NW-SE
8. PHOTOS
X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
X No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT/UFO
UFO Observation, 21 December 1966
Mrs. Englewood, Colorado 80110
1. Reference your recent unidentified observation of 21 December 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFSC Form 164 and return to this office.
2. We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
James C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
Atch
AFSC Form 164 w/envelope

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

BEGIN OCR OUTPUT:

ATIR: CFD XFOD
SITE LOCATION: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)
TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information
will be filed in and then forwarded accordingly to the Chain/Echelon pattern:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: Could not determine exactly, but appeared as the popular image
of a flying saucer.
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms:
head or a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball,
grapefruit, or basketball) held at arm's length.
(3) Color: Brilliant red (3 lights, with center one blinking)
(4) Number: One
(5) Formation, if more than one: N/A
(6) Any determinate features or details: Looked like the popular image of
a flying saucer, with 1 very bright one in the center.
(7) Tail, trail, exhaust, including size of same compared to size
of object(s): None
(8) Sound: If heard, describe sound. None heard

(Approx 2 seconds now) At this time the lights were once again observedand glowing/blinking lights stands out in reporting individuals minds.

END OCR OUTPUT

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no visible photograph on this particular page.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Description of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
Saw noticed object while waiting for a boy to come and pick him up.

(2) Exact time or duration when object(s) first observed.
Very high above the mountains.

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
Went straight down behind the mountains towards the ground.

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
From H.W. to S.E., straight line - stopped, backed up 4 case down near horizon to mountain, then went up 4 cases very sharp to zenith.

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Went down behind the horizon of the mountains.

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)
2 minutes.

C. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: (Ground-visual, Ground-optical, Airborne-visual, Airborne-optical)
Naked eye (very brilliant and size unknown).

(2) Statements as to optical aids used (telescope, binoculars, and so forth)
None used.

(3) If the sighting is made while airbornegive type of aircraft, and name or aircraft number.
N/A

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Date and time of sighting: 22/0215-0230z Dec 66

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

EXAMPLE: 89 L5N, 192 7? W for 39 L5N, 102 2W. 
3335 W. Amherst, Englewood, Colorado

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name: Mrs. Anna K. Wede, address: 3335 W. Amherst, Englewood, Colorado

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of"
(Withheld)

g. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
Military Close - RO WIND (VELOCITY AND)

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Very clear, no winds - 
entire color.

(2) Extract from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind
direction and velocity: Appears to be withheld.

(3) Ceiling: 16,000 scattered
(4) Visibility: 20
(5) Amount of cloud cover: Relatively close.
(6) Ceiling-storms in area: None located.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing air defense directives).

Approximate altitude, and general direction of flight or any aircraft in the vicinity and time and duration of observation.

Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

T/Sgt D. E. Duty
DUTY CONTROLLER

- page 6 -

