The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 August 66 02/05/52
3. SOURCE: Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Three
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Varied
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual (GV)
7. COURSE: E
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (Capella) (STH), Unidentified (Probable plant, MARS) (STH)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 8235 CASE FILE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO Report: Sighting of August 3, 1966 by Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED], Wilmette, Illinois.

Mrs. [REDACTED] (call sign "e") is a secretary at the School of Education, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois. Mr. [REDACTED] is the Director of Communications, Illinois State Toll Road.

The Sighting: At about 0045, August 3, 1966, the [REDACTED] were preparing for bed after an evening of editing slides. Mrs. [REDACTED] looked out the bedroom window and noticed a bright object that appeared stationary. It was flickering, changing brightness erratically and showing faint flashes of red and green light. It seemed slightly elongated to the naked eye.

Mr. [REDACTED] called her husband's attention to it, and he agreed that it was not moving; he went to get his 7 x 50 binoculars. In the binoculars (which presented, apparently, some difficulty in focusing, since Mrs. [REDACTED] said something to the effect of "when he finally got the things focused..."), the object appeared as a green dome or flare above, a red dome or flare below, both flickering, and a horizontal row of lights between. Mrs. [REDACTED] had previously told the investigator that both of them had counted six, but the night of the interview Mr. [REDACTED] denied this and said the number had seemed to be "three or four".

The object was located forty degrees east of north, and fifteen degrees up from the horizon, by rough fist-measurement by the investigators; the landmark was the top of a nearby chimney which the object was very close to during the sighting. The witness fixed several degrees east of north.

During the hour of the sighting, the object moved "five or six degrees" toward the east. Finally, the Belmonts went to bed. At about 0445, Mrs. [REDACTED] saw the object again - see later.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a written account of a UFO sighting.

sighting
Page 2 August 3, 1966
awoke, and decided to look and see if the object were still there. By standing
very close to the window and looking east with the field glasses, she immediately
saw three objects which were very bright, very irregular in shape, much closer
than the previous object. She was frightened at first, because of the great
increase in brightness and the appearance of more objects. They remained
perfectly motionless (the field-glasses were in sharp focus all the time except when she
hazed for.) After a brief time they disappeared again.t the dark sky
Up to see the objects. At 0645, the sun was right where she had seen the objects,
and they were no longer visible.
After hearing the witnesses' stories, the investigator asked to see the
bedroom from which the sightings were made. The chimney was pointed out, and
the approximate location of the first object determined. The investigator,
checking for possible reflections, asked if the window opened; the sighting
was through the right-hand half of the window, which opened by sliding to the
left (west). Mr. Demon demonstrated how he lay back across the bed, and
watched the object with the binoculars for an extended period; Mrs.
also demonstrated how she observed the object. Both were looking through the
right-hand pane, the half that opened, and was open that night. That window
action was strange, and the investigator noticed that some stress-lights
showed a crest-shaped distribution of reflections off the wires of the screen. 
He pointed this out to the witnesses, and asked them to look at the streetlights through the binoculars. Mrs. immediately, "Why, that's 
just how the object looked!" She was quite amazed. Mr. then tried
the glasses. Mr. then tried the glasses, and agreed that the effect
was the same. In the glasses definite diffraction colors could be seen in
the crest-shaped reflections.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report dated August 3, 1966, describing a sighting incident. The text from the document is as follows:

Belonging Sighting 
Page 3
August 3, 1966

both directions, predominantly red and green. The light was flanked with a rear or flare on each side, and above and below to a somewhat lesser extent.

The glasses were then tried on an airplane's running-lights, with even more pronounced agreement from Mrs. that the effect of multiple images was like that of the previous night, although the color was different. The witnesses were shown how the appearance changed when the line of sight was moved so it passed through the other half of the window, which did not open and hence had no screen.

Mrs. demonstrated how she observed the objects at 0443; she looked through the screened half of the window, nearly parallel to the screen; under these conditions, the diffraction effect horizontally would have been much greater. Note that the three objects were each seen in triplicate, although Mrs. interpreted the faintest ones as being farthest away, she saw all three sees with identical spacing, indicating a lack of perspective. What this was pointed out, she corrected the description, or rather indicated a correction, which the investigator made.

Conclusion: The first object was probably Capella, which is nearly circumpolar at this latitude, and at the time of the sighting was moving up and to the right, mostly to the right, or east. The flickering was scintillation; the diffraction effect in the binoculars tended strongly to accentuate and emphasize the red and green colors actually present in the scintillating starlight. The up-and-down and side-to-side movement noticed was probably an effect of unsteadiness in holding the field-glasses; Mrs. while watching the airplane exclaimed that it, too, was showing the same sort of motion, indicating clearly that she was unaware of the motion of the binoculars.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The document contains only text, which I will proceed to extract:

Beloungy Sighting

Page 4

August 3, 1966

and that she attributed the motion to the airplane she was watching (this was during the investigation). Neither witness had been aware of the effect of the screen, and both agreed that the appearance of distant lights through the screen was closely similar to the first object seen the previous night.

Three second objects seen by Meyer, however, were probably the cluster of planets that is now prominent in the morning sky. Jupiter, Venus, and Mars are very close together, and at this writing (August 4) are drawing closer. The direction is obviously correct, since Jupiter never departs far from the ecliptic, and as CCIS the sun was reported as being right where the objects had been, therefore, they were on the ecliptic. The tripling of the objects was undoubtedly due to the extreme angle of view through the screen, which would greatly increase the distortion effect horizontally while not changing it appreciably in the vertical direction.

Mrs. Beloungy was impressed by the great brightness of the objects on the second sighting. By implication, therefore, the first object was much dimmer than the brightest of the three objects, Venus. Capella has a magnitude of +1, and is indeed fainter than Venus, but is still very bright as stars go.

We may conclude with considerable assurance that the sighting involved astronomical objects only.

- page 5 -

