The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Sept 66 0100z
3. SOURCE
civ 12 Hen. 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
N/A
8. PHOTOS
Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation 

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noticed a bright light in the sky to the west. It appeared to be circular and had a flashing strobe-like effect. The light was observed for approximately 20 seconds, then disappeared. The lack of a definite description and the lack of tangible physical data preclude any conclusive evaluation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a project Blue Book report, specifically a questionnaire form filled out by an observer who reported seeing an unidentified flying object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning any unidentified object you may have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements.
1. When did you see the object?
8-MAY-66
2. Time of day: 
9:30    MINUTES
Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
MINNE APOLIS, MINNESOTA
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
HOURS    MINUTES    SECONDS
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY b. NIGHT
(NIGHT a. Clear b. Clouds c. Hazy d. Other)
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember
FTO FORM 164

This form superseded FTD 164, Oct 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. However, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and multiple-choice answers related to an observed UFO or aerial phenomenon.

OCR Output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
     a. None 
     b. A few
     c. Many
     d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
     a. Bright moonlight
     b. Dull moonlight
     c. No moonlight - pitch dark
     d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object??
CLOUDS (Circle One):
     a. Clear sky
     b. Hazy
     c. Scattered clouds
     d. Thick or heavy clouds  

WEATHER (Circle One):
     a. Dry
     b. Fog, mist, or light rain
     c. Moderate or heavy rain 
     d. Stormy
     e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
     a. Solid
     b. Transparent
     c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
     a. Brighter
     b. Dimmer
     c. Compare brightness to some common object: __Brighter and more blue than star

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Brighter and more blue than star

12. The edges of the object were: 
     (Circle One): 
     a. Fuzzy or blurred
     b. Like a bright star
     c. Sharply outlined
     d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: 
     (Circle One for each question)
     a. Appear to stand still or any time? Yes / No / Don't know
     b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes / No / Don't know
     c. Take off at a fast speed? Yes / No / Don't know
     d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
     e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
     f. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know
     g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
     h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather it shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is a hand-drawn sketch at the bottom of the page, depicting an oval-shaped object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
___ as it 322' vertical)it up)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of: etched as a cloud, as seen against a sky with some cirrus

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  NONE
b. Color  BLUE (GREYISH) - seemed to be reflective

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and tell how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, do you recall how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
BUT CANNOT RECALL

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially whether there were any vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

No photograph present, but the document contains the hand-drawn sketch of an oval-shaped object described above.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2-3,000 mph.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. South   c. East   d. Southeast   e. Southwest   f. West   g. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 60-70 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you use any of the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
b. Sunglasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Saucer or saucer-shaped object, silver-white glow, about the size of a US silver dollar.

- page 5 -

The image contains a compass rose diagram but no photograph. The text on the page provides instructions for the reader to draw sketches related to the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "O" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction from which you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made, from the point "X" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely from 1966.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.1 If yes, please give their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a Project Blue Book report. The page shows a form with various questions, including "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting."

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
  Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The one thing that was mentioned, I said, the U.F.O. the sane event occurred in a sqarate date past.

- page 8 -

