The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing various fields for recording information about a reported UFO sighting. The document is titled "PROJECT 10073 RECORD" and appears to be dated July 22, 1966, with the location listed as Kokomo, Indiana.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP: 22 JULY 1966  22/03/02
2. LOCATION: Kokomo, Indiana (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Varied
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 50 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Southward
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: D. Yes

- page 1 -

The image contains a graph showing the trajectory and movement of an unidentified flying object (UFO) over the city of Kokomo, Indiana on July 22, 1966. The graph depicts the path of the UFO, including its altitude and movement over time. The image does not contain any human faces or identifiable individuals.

UFO REPORT OF 7/22/66
KOKOMO, IND.
1. Sighting by 4 people
2. Directed + moving object
3. Overhead (east)
4. Directly to left, then disappeared (320°)

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to a UFO investigation in Kokomo, Indiana on July 22, 1966.

Report on UFO Investigation, Kokomo, Indiana, 7/22/66
Investigator: W. T. Powers
General Summary:
Between the hours of about 2210 and 2300, Friday, July 22, 1966, oval patches of white illumination were observed moving very rapidly back and forth within an area over Kokomo, the area gradually shifting southward until the group of lights disappeared behind trees. Some of the lights moved, some remained stationary for varying periods of time. The lights appeared bluish-white, were oval in shape, and shaded off to darkness at the edges "like a flashlight seen in fog."
A total of twelve witnesses gave accounts of the lights; the longest baseline was over seven miles. There was disagreement by four of the witnesses concerning clouds: four claimed that the night was cloudy, while four who observed the longest said it was clear, with stars and moon visible. Four others were uncertain, although their impression had been that the night was overcast.
Results from Interviews:
1st Interview: Mr. W. C. Diesterly, Chief Deputy, Howard County Sheriff's Department, and wife of a city police detective. Mrs. Diesterly was visiting Mrs. ____, Interview took place in Howard County Jail office.
At about 2210s, Mr. ____ received a radio call that inmates of the county home (known locally as the "poor farm") were watching strange lights over Kokomo. He was at the time sent of town, and drove immediately to the county home, where he got out of the car and saw the lights directly overhead. He is positive that there were six lights. The lights were oval, like an airplane's running lights, and were moving very rapidly back and forth.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. This appears to be a page from a document containing a detailed written description of a UFO sighting incident.

"egg-shaped disc", and moved with fast jerky motions from one point to another, remaining within a generally oval area some 30 degrees wide. Mr. Diserly was at that time located 300 south and 300 west on the county grid system, in which roads one mile apart are given numbers by the hundreds; he was therefore two miles south and three miles west of the 0,0 point, which is in the city near its center.
Mr. Diserly arrived about five minutes after the call came in, and when he did arrive, the lights were overhead and moving south as a group, slowly; he decided to follow them. He drove south on 360 west (Malfalfa Road) to the intersection of 300 west and 225 south, where he parked and turned his headlights off. He got out of the car and watched the lights in the sky for perhaps twenty minutes, the lights having moved straight south to an elevation of some 30 to 40 degrees.
At this point the three ladies drove by and recognized the car of Mr. Diserly, thinking he was in trouble they pulled over and called to him, asking what he was doing. Diserly said he was watching "the objects in the sky," which the ladies had not yet seen. The ladies turned their headlights off and got out to watch, too.
The lights at this time (about 2230) were about 20 degrees up from the horizon, just over some woods, and were moving back and forth through an arc of perhaps 30 degrees, an oval pattern with the north-south dimension about one-third of the width. The pattern of movement within this area consisted of rapid dirtings and "chasing" motions; at one point, one witness said two of the spots stopped, and became narrow with rays of light extending upward from them, while the left remained stationary in the normal shape, and two others to the right went around each other in circles. Picture 1

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

illustrates the configuration. The lights seemed, on recollection and by experiment, to be as big as a penny between 18 and 24 inches from the eye, approximately two degrees. Mr. Dieterly suggested that they were as big as an automobile, and the ladies said no, they must have been bigger than a 707 jet. There were no conclusions reached for determining actual size.

All the witnesses had thought of searchlights, but had decided that the spots were not from searchlights for several reasons: 

1. The motions were far too fast for a large searchlight to have produced. Illustrations of the motion using a hand-held flashlight indicated that the movements were as fast as the flashlight could be moved by hand. 

2. No rays of light could be seen extending up from the ground, as one would expect on a hazy night. 

3. There were no commercial establishments in the direction toward which the lights were the general indication was that the source would have to be in open country.

4. The lights were too bright to have been produced by anything smaller than a large anti-aircraft light. All the four witnesses agreed that there was a halo of brightness around the area of the lights, as if they were illuminating nearby haze. 

5. All they saw were stars and the moon, and concluded that there were no clouds for a searchlight to play on. 

The ladies were on their way to Russiaville, five miles west on Rte. 26, which is the county road 100 south, 1-1/2 miles south of where they were parked. They proceeded on to Russiaville after watching for some twenty minutes with Mr. Dieterly. Russiaville is located at 750 west and 400 south. The ladies parked in Russiaville with the car pointed north at this point they could see the lights.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document containing text.

one light out of the rear window of the car, somewhat to the east. The most
easterly bearing they would agree to was about 255 degrees, or 25 degrees east
of south.
At the same time, Mr. Dieterly remained talking with some people who
lived where the cars had stopped, for perhaps twenty minutes, and then went one
mile east and one mile south, to the junction of 2600 west and 400 south, where
he watched until after 2300 hours. The lights were very low on the horizon at
this time, and were due south. He was probably at this location when the ladies
were in Indianapolis. The ladies and Mr. Dieterly were at this time 5.5 miles
apart on 400 south: the minimum distance of the lights is therefore 5.5/tan(25*)
or thirteen miles south of Dieterly, at approximately 2300 hours.
During this interval, the witnesses said, "they west door neighbor said
they were in Indianapolis Friday night and close to them they were using six
spotlights at a used car lot...."
Indianapolis is about forty miles to the south of the location of the
witnesses.
The witnesses were asked if the lights ever went through each other,
and they said emphatically that they did not. On being asked whether a light
ever was in front of another one or behind, however, they all agreed that
this had happened repeatedly. The deputy chief said that they would move in
a curved path like the wheel of a racing car taking a curve, becoming oval,
then straight again.
Mrs._____ said, "I wish we could have gotten a hold of Frank Edwards -
have you ever talked to him? (No) He is the most interesting person? I
just love to hear him talk. Especially when he has actually seen them."
Mr. Dieterly repeated several times that there were definitely six or

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document.

Transcribing the text found in the document:

them; Mrs.    said she saw four, and Mrs.    said they were hard to count.
Mrs.    added that there was interference with the television picture that
night, and Mr. Bigterly said he could not reach more than four miles on his
police radio which normally makes contact over ten miles.

Second interview: Mr. and Mrs.   (about twelve) and Jeff (about ten). This family had just come from dinner, 
leaving the restaurant about 2000. At around 2010 to 2020, they were on 200
west at about 150 south when they saw two or three lights on the clouds. They
thought they were spotlights on clouds. Driving west on 100 south, they saw
the lights still to the south, but lower; the family drove to 300 west and
turned south, losing sight of the lights at 300 west and about 375 south,
going to three thirty to forty feet fast tell, and about one-half mile away.
The lights still seemed to be three in number, and moved in circles in a
regular pattern.

The lights were last seen at about 2030. When the witnesses were told
that the previous witnesses had reported no clouds at all, the Hillmans were
very surprised, and while they did not contradict the other witnesses, they
seemed to be providing that out of fact more than conviction. Mr.    said,
"I locked up when I got home (about 2040) and I saw a few stars, but I also thought
that there were some clouds..."

These witnesses were located about 1/2 mile directly north of the "poor farm", 
and saw the lights at about 2030, to the south, moving back and forth over
about a thirty degree arc and remaining generally fifteen to twenty degrees
above the horizon. They thought the lights were spotlights, but had evidently
been talked to a bit, since they added that the lights seemed "under" the clouds.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image in the provided document. The document appears to be a page of text describing a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the full text found in the document:

not on their bases. They were positive that there were clouds, and could not be
shaken into saying that the night was clear; in fact, they pointed to heavy cumulus
and said that the cloud cover was dense, like that.

Added information
According to the Indianapolis weather bureau, the cloud cover at 2155 was
three-tenths altocumulus in a layer at 16,000 feet, thickening to six-tenths an
hour later; there was another layer of altocumulus, about five-tenths cover,
above 20,000 feet. Therefore, stars could be seen between the clouds. The
high cirrus thickened to an overcast by 2255 hours at Indianapolis, and probably
later at Kokomo.
The layer at 16,000 feet would be intercepted by a horizontal beam of
light at a distance of 255 miles. A beam angled up at about 3.3 degrees would
make a spot that would appear overhead forty miles away.
The size of a spot forty miles away depends on the focal length of the
searchlight, the are size, and the throw distance. A 60-inch searchlight with
a 26-inch focal length and a 3/4-inch arc will make beam about 0.5 degrees
wide. At a forty-mile distance the spot will be 1800 feet in diameter. Viewed
from 15,000 feet below, this spot will subtend 6.5 degrees the short way, and
many times that in the long dimension, provided the cloud layer is horizontal. The apparent size was given as considerably smaller than this, so one must
conclude that (1) the searchlights were aimed through holes in the lower layer
to impinge on the higher layer, and/or (2) the searchlights were closer than
forty miles, (they could have been as close as 30 miles), or (3) the witnesses
underestimated the size.
Of these choices, the first seems somewhat likely, as the cover was only
three-tenths at 16,000 feet, while it began at five-tenths at 20,000 feet

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely describing a UFO incident.

(minimum estimate) and became 100% overcast. At the point when the witnesses were together watching the display in the southern sky, the lights were about twenty degrees up, which on the 16,000 foot layer, would place them about nine miles away. Since they were still moving south, this agrees well with the thirteen mile figure from the triangulation on the baseline to Russiaville, which was determined for a later time.

The estimated sizes were determined by all the witnesses for the case in which the lights were to the south if they had been halfway between the source postulated above and the observers, they would have appeared round and about one-half degree in diameter, when on a direct line to the source, and only when off that line. A two-degree diameter would place the lights about 3/4 of the distance to the source away.

Conclusion
A reasonable interpretation of the event is that the witnesses saw lights from six searchlights known (by one of the witnesses) to have been in action at the proper time in Indianapolis. The cloud cover is sufficient to account for seeing the spots as far away as 155 miles; it is not therefore impossible for them to have been seen clearly at thirty or forty miles range, directly overhead.

The extremely fast motions seen by the observers are easy to understand when it is realized that the angle of motion seen by the witnesses would have been four to ten times as great as the actual angular deviations of the searchlights, due to the great difference between the angle of throw and the distance of observation.

The color of the lights was likened to a mercury-vapor light; this is also characteristic of the blue-white light from a carbon arc source.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page of text from a Project Blue Book report.

The oval shape of the lights is due to the angles of incidence and observation.
The failure to see beams coming up from the ground was due to the fact that there were no clouds below 16,000 feet, and since the beams were coming at a low angle from the south, the forward scatter would be low. A halo effect was seen in the area of the lights, which is accountable for by natural diffusion of light from inevitable imperfections in the light source mirrors, and from scattering of light over small angles by the atmosphere.
There seems to be no reason to assume that the source was other than the searchlights in Indianapolis.

- page 10 -

