There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing typed text.

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer's claim: OBSERVER SAW AN OBJECT ABOUT AS LARGE AS A VEHICLE WHILE DRIVING AT NIGHT. HE OBSERVED IT FOR ABOUT 10 SECONDS BEFORE IT DISAPPEARED. IT WAS HOVERING ABOUT 75 FEET OFF THE GROUND AND ABOUT 200 YARDS FROM HIS CAR. HE SAID THE OBJECT WAS BRIGHT BLUE IN COLOR AND SEEMED TO HAVE EXHAUST OR VAPOR COMING FROM IT. THIS BOY SAID THE OBJECT WAS ABOUT 20 FEET IN DIAMETER.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE / 80230, Colorado

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPCFP

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

The report describes the UFOs as follows:
a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape. The objects sighted were described as conical in shape, appearing as a multi-storied building with a curved dome-shaped bottom.
(6) Any discernible features or details: Dim outlines appeared to be on the dome area on the bottom.
(7) Size, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of known objects: When objects descended a milky white luminous glow appeared to surround the domed area on the bottom.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Blue lights appeared on the bottom off and on, blinking seemed to be controlled rather than sporadic.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

b. Description of source of object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
1st Object sighted while driving on Highway 86, southeast of Elizabeth, Colo., by son in backyard or house in Elizabeth, Colo.
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed:
Observed, (2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object was seen from sighting, approximately two or three thousand feet above the ground.
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
Objects disappeared straight up until out of sight.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
Objects appeared to descend and then rapidly ascend.
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Gradually.
(6) How long was the object(s) visible. - (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc)
1st object was visible 3-4 min.
2nd object was visible 3-4 min.
c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground - electronic, air electronic. ( if electronic, specify type of radar.)
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.
(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
d. Time and date of sighting:
1st object- 18/1400z/Dec 66
2nd object- 22/0500z/Dec 66
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting.

- page 3 -

The image shared does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Light conditions: (use of the following terms:) Might, day, down, dusk? Both objects sighted in darkness.

(1) Position: (a) Position with reference to a known landmark. (b) Position with reference to geographical position: (Also should be accurate enough to pinpoint on a map). (2) Description and size: (a) Shape, color, brightness, etc. (b) Angular size in degrees or minutes of arc.

EXAMPLES: 55 U5N, 192 22W for 39 U5N, 105 22W.

1st object: 6 mi SE of Kirsburgh, Colo.

2nd object: at home in Elizabeth, Colo.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):

(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability. Me: M, age 5, Elizabeth, Colo., reliable.

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability. N/A

g. Weather and winds -- Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
Clear, no cloud cover

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
Clear as a bell. No wind, no clouds.

Decision (2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind, 30,000', 270 deg / 55 kts. Special radiosonde data: 22 Dec 66/wind a 13,000', 270 deg/40 kts.

(3) Ceiling: 18 Dec 66/ High scattered-22 Dec 66 /4,000 scattered.
(4) Visibility: 18 Dec 66/60 mi.- 22 Dec 66/20 mi.
(5) Amount of cloud cover: 18 Dec 66/3 - 22 Dec 66/.6
(6) Thunderstorms in area of quadrant in which located.
Both dates-None

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
None

2. Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).
None

3. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.
None

4. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).
EDWARD E. VINES, Maj., USAF

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.
One drawing prepared by 12 year old boy.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch of what appears to be some type of aerial object. The text describes the object as "huge and yellowish-orange color" when it turned west. There is also a handwritten note that appears to be providing additional details about the object.

This is the text extracted from the document:

This is the original copy seen here.
19 Dec 1966
This is the original copy seen here.

- page 6 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. It appears to depict some type of object or shape, though there is no actual photograph present in this image.

This was an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, so the sketch or diagram likely relates to the description of a reported UFO sighting.

Transcribed text:
This was seen third eye report 7:00 p.m. 9-26-66
[The rest of the text is redacted/illegible and not transcribed]

- page 7 -

