There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record. The text in the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073. RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 19 March 66 20/02052
3. SOURCE Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS Three
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE None
10. CONCLUSION 1. SATELLITE 2. AERO (STAR/PLANET) 3. ASTRO (METEOR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS SEE CASE. THREE SEPARATE REPORTS

FORM FTD SFF 49 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon observation.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 19 MARCH 1966
2. Time of day: 21:20 Minutes: (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Bethesda, Maryland
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours: - Minutes: 45 Seconds: about
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCH WATCH 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy (NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy)
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? N/A

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out about an observed UFO sighting.

Output of the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer
c. Same
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Partial moon
c. No moonlight - pitch dark-
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy  
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain  
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember

e. Other _little waves, no tail_

13. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and responses related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

As per the OCR instruction, here is the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No - it left to take my son to a movie

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color Reddish soft light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Size of Venus

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Just a light

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SOME PLACE 1S FAST FOR UFO *

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? SOME PLACE AS FAST FOR UFO *|

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airport or airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N/A
a. North c. East e. South g. West 
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

VENUS

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing handwritten text and drawings.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. Bright flash , bright flash , flash , fast-moving, very fast , streaked , seemed to be hovering , where UFO disappeared.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? One. And it was not Venus.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

OF COURSE!!

However, have never seen such a crash before.  

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

32.2 Please list their names and addresses: 

See Report on UFO #1

32. Please give the following information about yourself: See Report on UFO #1

NAME: Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
AGE: 
SEX:
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing handwritten text describing a UFO sighting.

The text reads as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 30 March 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting.

As UFO #1 was almost on horizon, just hovering very fast, there was an instantaneous, extremely bright flash, approx. 45° up and to the right. Our attention was attracted to it, naturally. From the location of the flash came UFO #2, traveling very fast. It slowed down, hovered over the other spot on the horizon where UFO #1 had just disappeared. In 2-3 d, it was about 1/2 mile or UFO's ft. of second duration away. The same soft white color was not as intense, either, as UFO #1. We watched it year at 2125 I left with my office soon to take him to a dance; UFO #2 was still hovering. It's subsequent actions, to me bearable, can be deduced, if desired, by the listed witnesses of the report on UFO #1.

The flash was somewhat I had never seen before. If had no color, but that doesn't really describe it for an analogue could be a flash bulb (detached), or an instantaneous magnetic flare or what have you heard for instance. Actually, intuition says it came from UFO #2. No stable high performance visible or stable UFO was but there was certainly an occurrence.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. 

The text in the document is as follows:

Note: for all those jockeys, steam in a shower get wr.

1) If you didn't, or don't, do your job right, you get fired. Landon not a bad ODR.

2) If, as a fighter pilot, I didn't do my job consistently (basic maneuvering, gunnery, aerial tactics, etc.) I did not survive. On the other hand, the motion has was higher. I survived!

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire, likely part of Project Blue Book, regarding a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information not be used for research purposes, and that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 19 MARCH 1966
2. Time of day: 22/15 Hour Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Bethesda, Maryland
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 6 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? (Circle One): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? (Circle One): Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. DAY b. NIGHT c. Bright d. Clear e. Cloudy Meteor
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions related to sighting details and object characteristics.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Bright c. Dim
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, but some haze b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Fuzzy or blurred d. As a light

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: 1/2 to 1/4 of MOON AT 25 FT. 

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Sharp and clearly defined c. Other Firebats were there

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Slowly speed up and take off at any time? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a technical information questionnaire filled out by an observer who witnessed an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will not be used as the basis for any accusations, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 19 MARCH 1966
2. Time of day: 21:05 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Bethesda, Maryland
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WRIST WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a questionnaire format.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? "Burnt up"
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound "none" b. Color "reddish white etc."
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? See Q #11
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a questionnaire filled out.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No  IT WOT VERY FAST
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. In a city but not sure of the section?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle of the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N/A
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No  e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
NONE HAVE SEEN SUCH AN OBJECT BEFORE

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image, only an illustration of a sky with an object and a compass rose diagram.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NEVER

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
(Son)

32. Please give the following information about yourself: (For UFO Report #...)
NAME
Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS
Street City Zone State 
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE
SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
(Same)
Day Month Year

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing hand-written text.

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3-22 March 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Upon return to my home near Bethesda, Maryland, plus a resident of the area, I watched the sky. I went in the house a moment, and, when I came out to look again, a red aircraft, resembling an oval-shaped object, had appeared to be hovering or waiting, at 22:00 hrs. It seemed to be approximately 4 or 5 times the size of a standard aircraft, while it made the usual navigational flashing lights. It continued to hover for a few minutes and then suddenly accelerated at an extremely high rate of speed, ascending vertically and disappearing in a matter of seconds, the difference in its speed in comparison to conventional aircraft was greatly pronounced. At 22:15, we were looking north; don't know the exact direction-but taken place. At this time, a "meteor" flamed across the sky view, plunged downward and out of sight. However, I have never seen one so brilliant and large before, and one sighting so very close to one another. As it cannot constant, l respectfully, have never seen one shocking a piece so display of activity, and I cannot remember it since except as an imagined "motion" of a picture, sho
w as of itself, and all pieces, hindered prior to conclude the horizon.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text.

Text transcription:

Important Note:
I am more than glad to cooperate in any way I can gathering of information. On routine duty, I had no choices. I do now. I am also willing to have questions asked of my family, if desired.
Provided - Some small black-known-to-all docsesly condemned. For example, several months after making a report to Chapel Hill re UEO sightings - seen by other pilots, too - was asked OS how much he would be thanked (as did be same done) was assuring in his family, and OS every, so help me, how much he abused himself. Any chance like that, I thus oust private contact with that so-called "investigator" out the house, body, to be treated in such a manner.
I do not demand even an oral (and anything, expressive, in the real sense of the word) record, but I do demand the ordinary decencies a cavalcade. Those standards were observed by rather an investigator, private, whos have already interviewed us.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, showing a letter written by an unnamed individual to Miss Sara Hunt at the Office of Information, Department of the Air Force, Washington, D.C.

The text of the letter is as follows:

31 March 1966

Miss Sara Hunt
Office of Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington, DC

Dear Miss Hunt:

Finally, enclosed are the three reports on the UFOs I saw on 19 March 1966. There have been some delays in getting these to you by telephone; besides, I've never heard of the Air Force doing anything with such UFO sighting reports, anyway. However, as a patriotic American, and as a retired AF officer, I am glad to still find the reports, and send them in. Maybe some day, God and the Administration willing, things will get somewhere. Open and scientific investigation of these phenomena will, I think, find something of great scientific importance. 

I think that you will be interested in reading these reports, especially since you, too, saw one of those strange objects, according to the reports. As you know, Wright-Patterson AFB and I have a number of findings (alas, from WW-II on) on this matter, and can let me know. I'd certainly appreciate it. If the answer is "sworn free", however, you can forget it, for as yours says as well as for me.

The enclosed are still much information to be picked up from the other witnesses; I did NOT fill in any of the reports from them, as I hardly the the scientific method. If you, and/or Wright-Pat wants these additions, however, as I investigate them further, I'll be glad to provide them. However, while I welcome honest investigators bothering my family, while I welcome honest inquirers bothering only my family's and of my family's, any treatment such as I've been meted out to active duty AF personnel who had the conviction will meet with resistance.

Sincerely,

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the abject at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch-dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: There was a strange light, it was brighter but waiver or drifted while getting brighter.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like searchlight (variable), c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Yes No Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes   No   Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes   No   Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes   No   Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes   No   Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes   No   Don't know

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Outputting the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It went straight up.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No noise at all, absolutely silent
b. Color - Dark, a uniform dark color, could have been a dark gray shade.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Approx the 5/20 of degree.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details such as the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails.
Then give an explanation of the drawing.
The object was a dark shape - UFO at this time was 3.5 to 4 miles away and was estimated to travel at speed of 5 to 10 miles travel.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes. (Circle one)

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Quiie fast if estimating 3 or 4 hundred miles per hour.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Yes (Circle One) No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? It was ebout 2 or 3 miles up. Quite a distance.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
c. Outdoors

23. Where was the object? (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N/A
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No (Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other Only at the end

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A disk (see Q 19)

- page 22 -

The image contains a diagram with a compass and various angles labeled. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
90°   75°   60°
45°
30°
                         15° A (south)
                        B (north)
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
MOVED SUDDENLY
        A______B
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? I SAW ONLY 2. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
For UFO'S, see report (attached)

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which is a declassified US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Text Output:
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yj^p^Cz- Befo"*^ *** porcellod to bk- Compifto with other members of
capiJataon.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yesi^No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes@ No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
*•*•« ""* <•"<•> •* _
ftJC \USSr)
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Lt Colonel, usaf (Ret)
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Bethesda Maryland
Street City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 51 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
1) USAF graduate - 1940
2) Pilot, Service - 1942
3) Fighter pilot, CBE, Gen Chennault - 1942-44
4) Still on flying status when I retired Lt Colonel, 1966.
5) Jet qualified
6) service Pilot
7) Meacam commander
8) Not native or subject
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? AF & NICAP, plus various newspaper agencies & radio stations who the story got out through.
Day Month Year
21 March 1966

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, filled with handwritten text.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 30  March  1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I was in back yard of house, watching the sky other costs, when I noticed UFO coming up Southwest between. It stayed motionless for a few minutes, then turned on its axis and headed south that high. The UFO advanced very swiftly, it was higher, by far, than least airplane. There were no blinking lights or it. Since it would move momentarily, a second or two at time, I dount seriously, if it wore a satellite, since the color & size did not charge as it appears on binoculars, dont know if the "jet exhaust" explanation will work. I gave very seldom hear able to get a lot better watch out, since there is no real stamp usually dont seriously, if it were swarp gas.

(Rader - made comment that the was was not as he has seen on TV, and it was over some small towns and magnetic AIRCRAFT instruments distracted. I am now retired, I do not have to substantiate with the partly live).

No UFO approached neatly a van into our house, to tell my.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a handwritten document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document as follows:

Family - they came out, & it saw the (UFO, too. My other was called one of the "angels." they were her neighbors, came out. I UFO of experience- not to say the life -- as we walked away on the scene, was a small, slim creature, about 2-3 feet high, it melancholly. 2205; meanwhile, 3 more UFO' were seen. At 2015 my younger son & I saw the characteristic motor tail aept, article, 0

As we all was almost to mention to have a noise, however, the sound was an extremely higher frequency, higher than insect and my tinnitus almost stopped when it seem to rote the air.

My youngest son was advising the house & how he has seen a yellow, mist with excitement "i've a flying saucer." I saw the dark, he is over 6 feet, his vision was rather acute on the scene, I too, saw the dark (like my eyes when closed) my younger son more with it. My younger son now how firm & quiet slow, a while to study what he saw."

I am repeating what I saw. If other reports are described, the names of the other witnesses are not stated. I have UFO encounters in the same year, details the same things.

- page 26 -

