The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
DATE - TIME GROUP 3. NOV 66 4/00602
2. LOCATION BENDIX, n.j.
10. CONCLUSION CONFLICTING DATA
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
OBSERVERS REPORTED A BRIGHT WHITE OBJECT SO LARGE (AS LARGE
AS TWO FULL MOONS) THAT IT ILLUMINATED THE ENTIRE AREA. IT WAS
HOVERING AT ABOUT SIX BLOCKS AWAY AND AT ABOUT 30 FEET ABOVE
THE GROUND. VISUAL COURSE - GROUND VISUAL
6K PHOTOS - NO PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
TD (DEF) 0-829 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, featuring a sketch or diagram related to UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the cusp or high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the sketch to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" on the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and locatio

August 2, 1966
Magnolia 22,9

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
YES   (If you answered YES,did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
YES)

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Magnolia 22,9

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Magnolia, NJ
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 11-a SEX male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, w

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
5-10-66 / Air Force

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly a UFO report, with handwritten text.

Please see the transcribed text below:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: -3  8  - 	Day    Month

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Please send me info about FROM OTHER PAGE 6
- - said not to or write anything about it, he said didn't want to get mixed up with air force. He said it was a ball on the sky coming from water, it was big and the shape was elipse. He says every thing about it to me and i do so if they any question them to me and i tell them

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a study of UFO sightings conducted by the United States Air Force.

TEST/UFO
UFO SIGHTING, 3 NOVEMBER 1966
MAGNOLIA, NEW JERSEY 08049
Dear Sir,
Reference your unidentified observation of 3 November 1966. The information in your letter has been recorded and made a part of the files kept on this subject. We appreciate your courtesy in sending the envelope provided.
I wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,
RALPH J. QUINTANILLA, Jf. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Dear sir, reporting a flying over Magnolia. Time 9:15.
Date November 3, 1966. Sat - cloudy
Time more - standard
Nearest postal address - old
New jersey 15 minutes - less
stars - more
Brighter than airly - yes

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Appendix III
10. a white object
11. PANO 5.750
12. MONO 6.yes
13. NO 6.yes
14. NO  *
15. YES a cloud
16. YES a cloud
17. solid with white and darker spot down the left center
18. *a slender thing near the right side 
19. shayps and straight

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, which appears to be part of a Project Blue Book report. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

27. 0 miss distance
31.-- 
32. - - -  
34: 1 to strike - 3.01.2 M. PD
34.3 - day 3.31. 4 8. color
35. + primary target .5420
36. - 34800 Volts
37. N.D.
37. Degaussed 25' N. Course
38. --
38. - -

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements other than the form itself. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form used as part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning any unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will not be used in connection with any punitive action against you personally. It is possible that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 3-26-66
2. Time of day: 9:00 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MAGNOLIA, NEW JERSEY near Postal Address City or Town
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 MINUTES Seconds
5.1 How was it in sight determined? a. Fairly certain b. Roughly estimated c. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No X
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy c. Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. Behind you d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTD FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 165, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 9 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a questionnaire-style format that asks various questions about the observer's sighting of an unidentified object.

Project Blue Book UFO Report Document Transcription:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compared brightness to some common object: A car headlight could be seen clearly.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't remember
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't remember
c. Move slowly and steadily? Yes No Don't remember
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't remember
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't remember
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't remember
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't remember

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document where a witness has provided handwritten responses to questions about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Behind a cloud

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one:) Yes it moved behind In front of Don't Know: If you answered 
Yes it moved behind: a cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know:  If you answered 
In front of: a cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  
b. Color  white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known size of the object. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the size, direction of movement, etc., and especially indicate clearly if the place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
along + up

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report form from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what would your estimate be? 1,500 ft.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1,500 ft.

22. Where were you located when you sighted the object?
(Circle One) a. In a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. At home g. Other

23. Were you moving at the time? (Circle One) Yes No
If yes, how fast were you moving? 55 miles per hour.
Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? Yes No

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 55 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? Yes No, the distance remained the same.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No 
b. Binoculars Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Windshield Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words, the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.

A silvery or silvery-gray metallic appearing sphere or oval-shaped object appeared to float at a constant altitude in the sky. The object appeared slightly larger than a softball and seemed to be illuminated from within, producing a glow or halo around the object. It moved with a smooth, gliding motion and showed no visible signs of propulsion.

- page 12 -

