The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 11 Nov 65 - 12/01/52
2. LOCATION: Cincinnati, Oh.
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: V-H
8. PHOTOS: - 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: - 
10. CONCLUSION: (Other) INSUF: EVAL:
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: CASE

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which is a questionnaire designed to gather information about an unidentified aerial phenomenon that was observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information be used only if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11 19 66 1966
2. Time of day: 3:30 am
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Cincinnati, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 minutes seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Approx
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Clear NIGHT: Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left

The text of the document has been transcribed as requested.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
1. None
2. A few
3. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
5. Bright moonlight
6. Dull moonlight
7. No moonlight - pitch dark
8. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
g. Dry
h. Fog, mist, or light rain
i. Moderate or heavy rain
j. Snow
k. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
c. Transparent
b. Fuzzy or blurred
d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
c. About the same
b. Dimmer 
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_____________________________________________

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Like aircraft

13. DID THE OBJECT MAKE ANY SOUND OR CHANGE IN APPEARANCE AT ANY TIME?
(Circle One for each aspect)
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away?   Yes   No  Don't know
b. Suddenly a speed up and rush away?   Yes   No  Don't know
...
h. Disappear and reappear?    Yes   No   Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a filled-out questionnaire form related to a UFO sighting.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Over completely[.]   

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES.   No. Don't know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?  
(Circle One): YES. (No.)  Don't know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:
In front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Blue-white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and tell how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Covered about 1 degree as seen.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is shown in the image.]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?  
(Circle One) Yes, No  
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes, No  
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?  
(Circle One)  
a. Inside a building  
b. In a car  
c. Outdoors  
d. In an airplane (type)  
e. At sea  
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)  
a. In the business section of a city?  
b. In the residential section of a city?  
c. In open countryside?  
d. Near an airfield?  
e. Flying over a city?  
f. Flying over open country?  
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:  
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)  
a. North  
b. Northeast  
c. East  
d. Southeast  
e. South  
f. Southwest  
g. West  
h. Northwest  
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.  
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes, No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?  
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)  
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)  
c. Windshield Yes (No)  
d. Window glass Yes (No)  
e. Binoculars Yes (No)  
f. Telescope Yes (No)  
g. Theodolite Yes (No)  
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with diagrams and questions.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the horizon line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name 
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
For real Ufo's + Psoe. Engr.
Experience is king as said ye. Speed

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day 7/13/66 Month Year

- page 7 -

This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the United States Air Force regarding an unidentified observation reported on November 8, 1966 in Cincinnati, Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (UFFO) 
ATTN: PETERSON AFB, OHIO 45133
15 November 1966

Cincinnati, Ohio

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 11 November 1966 which you reported to the Duty Officer at Vandenberg AFB. Your report has been forwarded to this office for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PPD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 8 -

