The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a record for an incident that occurred on August 18, 1966 in Tijeras Canyon, New Mexico.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 18 August 66 - 19/0252Z
2. LOCATION: Tijeras Canyon, New Mexico
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
No data presented to indicate object could not have been an A/C, but further investigation necessary.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE.
Aircraft was over the area at 39,000 ft during the time of sighting. In view of excellent letter, case should be given more attention.
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS AIR FORCE SPECIAL WEAPONS CENTER (AFSWC)
KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE, NEW MEXICO 87117

22 August 1966

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: Major Quintanilla (TDEW)
Virgin-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. As per our telephone conversation 19 August 1966, attached is letter received from xxxxxxxxxx concerning an "unusual airborne object."

2. I was unable to identify positively the lights he described. The weather at the time of the sighting was 10,000 feet scattered, 60 miles visibility, temperature 69, dew point 61, surface winds 130 degrees at 5 knots, distant lightning to the north and northwest.

3. The FAA Tower at the Albuquerque Airport does not have any information on any aircraft flying in the area. The Air Route Traffic Control Center advised that there was nothing on ultra high altitude over the area, however, they did have a report to an aircraft in the Albuquerque area at 25,000 feet from the local time indicated by xxxxxxxxxxx.

4. I interviewed xxxxxxxxxx. He is 48 years old, employed as a research manufacturer/photographer for Lockheed Precision Products. He has had photographic experience on various occasions, previously employed as a commercial pilot with 11,000 hours flying time, much of which was in Super Constellation and like aircraft for Pan American and other airlines. He expressed interest in the siting, but was not unduly disturbed by the sitting. Official enquiry was at 0132 Zulu, one hour for the observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

PAUL F. HARTMAN, Major, USAF 
Chief of Safety
1 Atch
Ltr, 19 Aug 66, xxxxxxxxxx

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing text only.

19 August 1966

TO: Captain Thomas G. Seaberger
B. I. O. Officer, KAFB
Albuquerque, New Mexico

FROM:

SUBJECT: Unusual Airborne Object

This will confirm our phone conversation of last evening in reference to the subject matter.

At about 1952 local time, Thursday evening, 18 August 1966, I was sitting on the second story sun deck of my home when I first observed a brilliant white object.

The sun had just disappeared over the western horizon a few minutes prior to my sighting of the object, so the sky was still relatively bright. There were a few scattered clouds in the area. I then saw were two familiar-nimbus directly over the TV towers at Sandia Crest; (2) On the horizon, approximately 15 to 20 degrees to the left of true north, was a relative luminous white mass.

When I first observed the brilliant object, it was approximately 20 degrees above the western horizon and to about 15 degrees above the western horizon were several cumulus clouds forming a west-northwest area. The object in the sky at that time (1952 M) was completely clear and a few stars were even visible immediately overhead.

When I first observed the brilliant object, I thought it to be a satellite, so I called my wife up to the sun deck to observe it with me. As we both observed it approaching from the east, it had an undistinguishable appearance to me that it could not be a satellite, because it was tracking from east to west. All satellites, of which I have any knowledge, travel from west to east.

I assumed then that I had misjudged the sighting and determined, at that point, that we were observing a high flying aircraft at between 20 and 30 thousand feet, probably closer to 30,000 feet. It also flashed through my mind that it was most unusual for a satellite to be flying at that altitude, in relative daylight, with its nose landing light on continuously, as it was. I have had considerable experience in the past, as a airline pilot and this fast not seem plausible to me.

I could not see any silhouette of an aircraft, even when it was directly overhead. Although I could plainly see the contrail silhouette of a multi-engine DC-7 which had preceded this sighting by some few minutes. The DC-7 was approximately 25,000 feet overhead when it passed over me.

The object, when observed almost directly overhead, exposed to view, not only the one large bright nose light (if it was a nose light and not a direct reflection from the setting sun), but also a smaller white light or reflective directly between the large white light. Also, immediately above the large white light, we observed a smaller red light. At least it appeared to be a red light.

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with a report or description of a UFO sighting.

Captain Thomas G. Seeberger
19 August 1966

We could still not make out any kind of a silhouette even though the object was plainly visible, in its entirety, both to the naked eye as well as through binoculars.

My wife gave up viewing at that point and went back into the house, but I continued to trail the object with the binoculars.

When it reached a point in the western area, approximately 60 degrees from overhead (about 30 degrees above the horizon), I observed a bright, rotating white light come on beneath all the lights previously mentioned. The rotating light lasted only for a few seconds when, suddenly, I observed nothing - no lights at all, no silhouette, no anything.

I couldn't believe my eyes for a moment: I had not moved my binoculars from the object. I had it directly in the center of my viewing field ...and yet, in an instant it disappeared from view in clear, relatively bright sky.

I scanned the sky with my eyes and with the binoculars, but could see nothing more of what I had observed before had been a series of bright lights, including a rotating white light.

After perhaps two minutes of scanning and not observing anything further of the object, I went into the house and phoned the APDC office at 295-7461 and checked the controller positions and reported he had nothing in the area I had been observing but he admitted that they could not track anything over 24,000 on their radar scopes. He suggested, however, I call you and advise you of what I had seen, which I did at 2010 M.

The sighting leaves me with the following questions:

1. If it had been a conventional aircraft, either prop or jet, why would it have been flying at that altitude in daylight with a noise landing light continuously on?
2. If it had been a conventional aircraft, why could I not see any silhouette of shape other than the bright lights or reflections?
3. If it had been a conventional aircraft, why did it have a bright, rotating white light underneath instead of the normal rotating red light? Or was it a rotating white light could have been some reflection from the setting sun which appeared to be a rotating white light? Possibly caused by some kind of turbulence?
4. Why did it suddenly disappear completely in relatively bright, clear sky and leave no silhouette to follow?
5. If it had been a conventional aircraft, why did I not hear any noise from its engines as it passed overhead? It was perfectly silent and yet, other aircraft, both civilian and military, always produce the sounds of the particular powerplant involved.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a portion of an old document or report, with some handwritten text.

Captain Thomas G. Seeber ger
19 August 1966
Finally, I would guess-timate that its relative speed, at approximately 30,000 feet, to be about 700 knots - possibly a little faster, but not much. Also it followed a straight, level course throughout the entire time of observation.
Albuquerque, New Mexico

- page 5 -

