There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP: 9/23/55 2. LOCATION: Dalton, New York (Several Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian 10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer viewed a silver object in the bright sunlight for about one minute that disappeared behind some trees and buildings. Observer noted another object about 10 minutes later which was exactly identical to the first in directions and description.
7. COURSE: SF
8. PHOTOS: NONE
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Dalton, New York
Apr 7, 1966

At approximately 19.35 hours, a witness reported seeing an unusual light in the sky over this area. The object was described as being round, white in color, and approximately 15-20 feet long. It was traveling in a straight path at a high rate of speed, making no sound. The witness observed the object for a period of 2-3 minutes before it disappeared.

It was reported well-being a young man, approximately 25-30 years of age.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten text that reads "DD95" in the top left corner.

DD95

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically from the case dated April 7, 1966 in Dalton, New York.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please answer the questions to the best of your ability. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, unless your permission is given. We regard this personal information as confidential.

1. When did you see the object? 
Day: April 
Month: 7 
Year: 1966

2. Time of day:  
Hour: 9 
Minutes: 35
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern  
b. Central  
c. Mountain  
d. Pacific  
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Dalton, Livingston County, New York

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: 
Minutes: 
Seconds: 

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
Fairly quick

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? 
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day - Bright 
b. Night - Bright

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you 
b. To your left  
c. To your right  
d. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear, dry 
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Compare brightness to some common object: (handwritten text) A bright star - very bright

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Suddenly stop or change directions? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off a smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know 
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a report or questionnaire about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The page contains various questions and blank spaces for the observer to fill out details about the observed object, such as its movement, sound, color, and angular size.

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No disappear

15. Did the object appear to be behind something at any time, possibly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (no) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (no) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Here was a noise like a humming or rising noise
b. Color White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

About half

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Drawing of an oval-shaped object]

Text produced by the OCR system:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No disappear

15. Did the object appear to be behind something at any time, possibly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (no) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (no) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Here was a noise like a humming or rising noise
b. Color White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

About half

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 100 - 250 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away from you would you say it was? 12 - 15,000 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Moving 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 
e. At sea
f. Other _

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
Other: flying at about 500 ft. above the ground

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast
e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Camera (Yes) No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A silvery/whitish/gray object, dull color, roundish, no definite shape, no protrusions, no jets or flames, silent, no visible appendages, hovered over a small hill for a few minutes, then accelerated at a high rate of speed straight up and disappeared.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, and it contains diagrams and instructions related to sketching the movement and position of observed objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the observed object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and try to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Dalton, New York

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: Dalton, New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted] 
AGE: 15
SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
On possible in record (12/26/57)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
April 1966
Project Blue Book, Washington, D.C.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The image shows a form with questions, but the space for answering the questions is blank.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: April 26, 19_66_
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from a government agency, likely Project Blue Book, responding to a sighting report submitted by a civilian.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (TSBD)
Wright-patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
9 June 1966

Dalton, New York 14836

Dear Sir,

Reference your recent unidentified flying object sighting. The information in your letter of 9 April 1966 is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFD Form 164 and return it.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

