The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 29 JUL-66 22/03/72
2. LOCATION: Johnston City, Illinois
10. CONCLUSION: Satellite
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer noted star light object comparable to ECHO II. Object stationary in a 220 direction moving about 1.5 degrees per second for about 2 minutes.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter discussing the UFO phenomenon and related Project Blue Book reports.

Dear Major Quintanilla,

I am interested in the UFO phenomena and would like a copy of the Project Blue Book, Project Grudge, and Project Bluebook reports, and any other data you can regularly send, and also a copy of U.F.O. investigations (1951) and other related information.

Yours truly,

P.S. Also additional copies of these forms from Richard, your writing indicated a good target. I need to have it identified because it is a mistake! It would be a good target.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Project Blue Book letterhead.

PTD (LETTER)
WEIGHT PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
25 JULY 1966

Johnston City, Illinois 62951

Dear [redacted],

Reference your unidentified observation of 31 July 1966. In order to make a complete analysis, your report is needed. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 126 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project BLUE BOOK

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Report of an unidentified flying object sighting at Johnston City, Illinois. Estimated to be 37.8 deg North Latitude, angle elevation was approximately 45° - 60°, one minute observation. Flight to the East. Appeared as a bright object, comparable to echo 14, similar in flight. It appeared to have a constant brightness. Coming from North to SE. Thinks its a satellite but wants to know which one. (Mrs. ______ said he had some official status with the government.) (DO NOT RELEASE HIS NAME) WANTS AN ANSWER.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text only.

PTD (CDEDR) /jg
WRIGHT - PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
22 August 1966

Johnston City, Illinois 62951

Dear_______

Reference your unidentified observation of 21 July 1966 over Johnston City, Illinois. The object which you observed was probably a "government supported satellite tracker." I am sure that your observation is one of the above devices and where all types of visual lights and satellite components are.

Additional information relating to your observation is contained in reports on Project Sign, Project grudge, and Project Bluebook. I am forwarding the procedure on Project Blue Book with an additional PID Form 1 for your retention.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUIVRGNILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

Attachments:
1. Blue Book
2. PID Form 1

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information with any other evidence will be evaluated by the Air Force to determine if further investigation is warranted. We request that you do not discuss your conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 31 July 1966
2. Time of day: 2:47 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Johnston City, Illinois, USA
5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration) Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure (x) Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Approximately
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ( ) No ( x )
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One)
DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One):
a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Can't remember

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Hazy
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
Bright as a (1966 Chevrolet?)

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One)
a. Well-defined
b. Like a bright star
c. Smoky or blurred
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey about an observed UFO.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes

15. Did the object behind something at any time. (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind the building

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: 
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There was no sound
b. Color: No color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Diameter estimated 12"x6"

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically show the trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(A circular object with an arrow below, labeled "USSE")

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or interview form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)  The object appeared to be traveling at an extremely high rate of speed.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No) The object appeared to be very far away.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The witness described the object as a satellite-like object.

- page 9 -

The image contains a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which appears to be a questionnaire or form related to UFO sightings. The page includes two diagrams - one showing a compass and the other depicting a motion path. There is also text describing instructions for the observer to place an "A" on the curved line to show the position of the observed UFO, and to draw a picture to show the motion of the object(s).

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction from which you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle one) Yes No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself: [REDACTED PERSONAL INFORMATION]
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Project Bluebook

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

OCR output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 July 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
The nighttime object while attempting to flight experiment 19 at Ft. Eustis, I saw I looked at it, and it showed no changes from the earth's shadow and then left at a reliable speed. It could have been Orion, Sion or Galaxy 32 if it was a satellite, inclination was estimated as 65 (which is close to Orion 3 and Soyuz 32). The brightness was 1 or 0 greater than an average attempt to relight Orion 3.1 if it was a satellite, matching to explain 32

Letter on page 8.
Mr. 24

- page 12 -

