The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a Project 10073 Record form that provides details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 23 June 66 - 24/01/02
2. LOCATION: Hamburg, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-4 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Northeast
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

The brief summary and analysis states that observers noted a red colored object coming from the western sky. The object hovered, then appeared to turn and back up. The witnesses compared the object to an automobile tail light.

The description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document that is part of the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

UFD (TIEIN) AG
Wright-Patterson APB, Ohio 45433
S September 1966

Hamburg, New York 14075

Reference your unidentified observation of 23 June 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID form and return it to us. We will then be able to provide an analysis.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force. 

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

There is no visible photograph in the provided image. The image shows a page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, with a handwritten response to a question on the page.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 21 may
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The diagram appears to be part of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, as indicated in the context provided.

The text found in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out questionnaire form from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO 

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME:
ADDRESS:
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
AGE:
SEX:

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?

Day: Month: Year:

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and checkboxes for the witness to fill out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country-side?
d. Near an airfield? 
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. South c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO e. Binoculars YES NO
b. Sun glasses YES NO f. Telescope YES NO
c. Windshield YES NO g. Headlight YES NO
d. Window glass YES NO h. Other 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The output from the OCR system is:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? s/ '/. L:

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? e ./ %,

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In the country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. South c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO e. Binoculars YES NO
b. Sun glasses YES NO f. Telescope YES NO
c. Windshield YES NO g. Headlight YES NO
d. Window glass YES NO h. Other 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image shows a page from an old UFO report document. There is a hand-drawn sketch in the bottom half of the page, but no photograph is present.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color: 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had conformed this measurement at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you observed, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially any trails or structure details. Please be sure to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS: (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember.
8.2 MOON: (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember.

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds.
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember.

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Fuzzy or indistinct, c. Changing in shape, d. Don't remember.

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. Don't know.
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Clear-cut, c. Other, d. Don't remember.

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Hover, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away, c. Break into parts or explode, d. Change brightness, e. Change shape, f. Flash or flicker, g. Disappear and reappear:

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any comments.
If there is any additional information which you believe would be useful in this investigation, or that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
23 Day, June Month, Year

2. Time of day:
11 Hours, 28 Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central 
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] New York State, [Redacted] City or Town, [Redacted] State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
HOURS 15 MINUTES 0 SECONDS

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
a. Fairly certain
b. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? 
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
A. Bright
B. Cloudy
NIGHT:
C. Bright
D. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One) a. To your left b. In front of you c. To your right d. Overhead

- page 9 -

The image provided contains a black-and-white photograph showing a landscape with trees and vegetation. There does not appear to be any text or additional information in the image itself.

Performing OCR on the text provided in the file name "data/scanned/1960s_scanned/1966-06-8280831-Hamburg-NewYork.pdf10.txt", the output is:

PROJECT BLUEBOOK
SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14 
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS 
16 DECEMBER 1965

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a blank white page with handwritten text that states "This case contains 1, 3 x 4" photo."

OCR Output:
This case contains 1, 3 x 4" photo.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or form with redacted portions.

The text in the image reads:

"This Wil tend to corroborate the account given to police in this district on 5/5/66"

"Teleorams received"

"No names in a report"

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document.

Below is the text from the handwritten document:

For a period of nearly 2 years the object has been observed over this area. It is about the size of a half dollar and has been seen at all hours of the day and night, hovering at varying altitudes from a few hundred feet to several thousand feet. The object is silvery in appearance and has been described as round, oval and disc-shaped. On several occasions it has been seen to leave the area at high speed, only to return a short time later. The object gives off no sound and leaves no trail. One observer watched it move across the sky at an estimated speed of over 1000 mph without making any sound.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

Text from the document:

they saw, teet thats bard a grade. the bright gral and
ug a sod ut a alight as gant. tiat we ade hav
0 net tat nat he an, but a and sele us hat
Ealtov tan wont know, hat the 2to truck cane out

three to thry feet of the gromad. the and some tong
at it. tat waa a strange thing. tere we3 ather
than ght tee or thr persons Tuled oat with this
strange incideat. the e ere a etartled by this event to say
oat the least. they dont know what it as, but tes
were most certain that it wes not an airplane, nor
jet and definately not a neteor, tre said. one of the
perons called the state police about this incidelt as
soon as he got hone.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribed text from the document:

I guess I have heard as much as any one else looking into this case. These things seem to be traveling at some speed as they were seen briefly and disappeared. The sightings were over in a minute or so. From the reports I have read, the objects were flying at an estimated 5000 to 10,000 feet altitude and moving at an estimated speed of 600 to 800 mph. The object observed was circular in shape with a slight convex upper surface. It appeared to be about 20 to 30 feet in diameter. The color of the object was aluminum or light gray. This thing was turning and performing maneuvers which appeared to be under intelligent control. There was no sound associated with the observation. The object was in view only briefly and then disappeared rapidly. I have not seen any motion picture or still photography of this particular incident.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. 

The text in the document reads:

"Record 37-0. The sky was completly overcast. The entire surface of the clouds appeared solid white. The clouds seemed to be appx. 2000 ft. thick, at least. The temperature was appx 55 to 60 degrees F. Visibility was unlimited in all directions. At appx 6:10 p.m. EST an object appeared to suddenly emerge from the clouds. It was light gray or silver in color, circular in shape, and appx 30 ft. in diameter. The object seemed to just hang motionless for appx 5 seconds. It then accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed straight up through the cloud layer and out of sight in 2 to 3 seconds. The object made no sound whatsoever."

- page 16 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

The text in the document says:

The object apparently had a diamter of 25-30 ft and was seen at approximately 2346 hrs on 8 June 1966 in the vicinity of Hamburg, New York. The object was seen to maneouver and change direction and color during the sighting. The witness reported an audible hum or whine associated with the object. The object was seen to ascend and then disappear.

- page 17 -

