The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE -TIME GROUP Sept 66
2. LOCATION Philadelphia, Penna.
3. SOURCE civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION varied
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE varied
8. PHOTOS (X) NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE (X) NO
10. CONCLUSION (Other) INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions about the sighting of a UFO or similar object.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date & dates and location.

A. on Y-o-urs.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please give their names and addresses.

Redacted information

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME
Redacted information

TELEPHONE NUMBER 
Redacted information 
SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 
Celestial observer. Could not identify. 28 Sept.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
4-5 April 1966

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

34. Dste you completed this questionnaire:
6 Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Every vehicle in sight (including some distance away) stopped. Street lights went out. A silent, bright white light, shaped like a saucer, passed overhead at low altitude, casting a bright reflection on the street and surrounding trees and houses. The light source appeared to be confined to the object itself and did not illuminate the area around it. The object was visible for about 20 seconds before accelerating rapidly and disappearing.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report from Project Blue Book, an investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) by the United States Air Force.

OCR output:

TYPE//UFO/MaJ Quintanilla/70916/mhs/ 23 JAN 67
UFO Observation; 24 September 1966
JAN 30 1967

FAA Philadelphia International Airport
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19101

Our office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from the Philadelphia area on 24 September 1966 at approximately 2035 hours. The object was observed for approximately 15 to 20 minutes. The object was described as a silver elliptical object with
fixed navigation lights. If you have knowledge of such an aircraft
being operated in the Philadelphia area, please provide this information to us as soon as possible, as we are investigating an advertising gimmick which appears to indicate that some individuals in the Philadelphia area who have been issued banner towing authorizations by the FAA.

JAMES C. MANART, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:
CUF Manly fr DATE 23 Jan 67
Sec Orson Sims DATE 25 Jan 67

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications that may result from this study if it is deemed necessary, your contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
September , 1966
2. Time of day: 8 : 25 MINUTES
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Time Duration) 2 : 3 Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Eyes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY b. NIGHT c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your rear e. Don't remember

FTD GCT 23 164 This form supersedes FTD 232 JUL 61, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which contains a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of a purported UFO.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _________________________________________________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Slightly unllned
d. Other _________________________________________________________
e. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off light? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a handwritten drawing of a flying saucer-shaped object. The witness has been asked to draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects, label and include any details of the object, and indicate the direction the object was moving.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes      No      Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
-----

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes      No      Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
-----

17. Tell in a few words, the following things about the object:
a. Sound ----------------------
b. Color ---- metallic grey, appeared to be round like a saucer, disc-shaped object

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pen's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object it covers. If you had determined this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the known object would have been covered?
Matches to a 1/ 2 inch wide object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of a circular, disc-shaped object]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes (Circle One) No. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes (Circle One) No. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In an open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Southeast f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? 10 miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes (Circle One) No.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Theodolite Yes No f. Window glass Yes No g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The OCR output for the text on the page is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes (Circle One) No. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes (Circle One) No. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In an open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Southeast f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? 10 miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes (Circle One) No.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Theodolite Yes No f. Window glass Yes No g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows a diagram with a compass rose and instructions for sketching the movement of an object or objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object, and a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document as part of Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list them:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
First Name 
Last Name 
Address: Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER  SEX 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, which appears to be a page from a questionnaire related to a Project Blue Book UFO report.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   
  Day        Month       Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or your narrative explanation of your sighting.

The sighting took place on a clear sunny day while the witness was driving. The object had the shape of a flattened sphere and made no noise. The witness described the object as being silvery white in color and hovering in the sky. The witness also mentioned that he was familiar with aircraft and could distinguish between conventional aircraft and something unusual.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PFD (PDSTR) 2M
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio
30 September 1966

Mrs. M----- B-----
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19136

Dear Mrs. B-----,

Reference your recent unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for evaluation. Please complete the attached AF Form 309 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document. It does not contain any photographs, but rather shows a letter from the Federal Aviation Agency to Colonel James C. Manatt discussing the availability of records related to sightings in the area. The text of the letter is as follows:

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
Report Traffic Control Tower 
Philadelphia International Airport
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19153
February 6, 1967

James C. Manatt, Colonel, USAF  
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC) 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Colonel Manatt:

After a thorough check of the records we have available for September 22, 1966, we can find no evidence to indicate that any individual airplane signals were recorded or observed in this area. Since we cannot keep our daily records and tapes for a period of 15 days, it is impossible to check on individual sightings in the past.

We are forwarding a copy of your letter to Mr. R. Probst, Chief, General Aviation District Office, North Philadelphia Airport, who may be able to furnish you a list of persons issued banner towing authorizations.

(Sincerely)
Leo E. Marshall
Chief Controller

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Federal Aviation Agency addressing a matter related to aircraft displaying a "sky sign" on September 24, 1966. The letter provides a list of the following operators in the area that hold authorizations for banner towing:

1. William R. Armstrong, 17 West Lois Drive, Williamstown, N.J. 
2. Pepper, Inc., 3739 Bryn Mawr Avenue, Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania
3. Eastern Airlines, Inc., Allegheny County Airport, West Mifflin, Pennsylvania
4. Hangar Street, Trenton, N.J.
5. Keystone Helicopter Corp., Hangar G-6, Phila. Int'l Airport
6. Hillsborough, Pennsylvania
7. Paterson Airport, 17 N. Jasper Ave., Vineland, N.J.
8. Mateo Nordheim, 11 N. Jasper Ave., Margate, New Jersey
9. John B. McMullen Associates, Box 44, Camdev, N.J.
10. Renson Helicopters, Inc., P.O. Box 1386, Trenton, N.J.

The letter is signed by Lynn S. Probst, Supervising Inspector.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text.

As an OCR system, the output of the text found in the document is:

"Co. E. Galuint, C. At 0830, Sept 20, 1958 a UFO sighting was reported by a lady from Willow Grove, Penna. She was looking out her window and saw what she believed to be a UFO. She described it as a large, round, flat object with a white light on top. It was hovering, stationary, approximately 200 ft. in the air. It remained stationary for 10 to 15 minutes, then suddenly moved rapidly off to the North at a high rate of speed. No time of sighting given."

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record. The text on the document can be transcribed as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 24 Sept 66 2500/4522
2. LOCATION: Philadelphia, Penna.
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual (DX)
7. COURSE: Northward
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (Aircraft)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object appeared about 3 lines of electric bulbs, all white, about 2.5 to 3/4 inch long. Object moved fast but at irregular speed, appearing to be located very close to observer and much smaller than actual aircraft. As it moved south and then west out of sight, observers stated objects could have been a hole with several strings of lights. The object was in the center sky, slowly moving in a southern direction.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information document related to a UFO sighting report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with this personal information, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3-26-66 Day
2. Time of day: 9:20 Minutes 45 hour AM or P.M. (Circle One)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving c. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 5214 Oxford Ave, Philadelphia, State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes 2 Seconds
a. Certain c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes 
5.2 Was time in sight continuous? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day
a. Bright c. Bright
b. Cloudy d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you
8. Can you describe the object? Write: Wright Patterson AFO, Ohio, 45433

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire with various questions and multiple-choice answers related to a reported UFO sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
    a. None
    b. A few
    c. Many  
    d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. Bright moonlight
    b. Dull moonlight
    c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky
    b. Scattered clouds
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Dry
    b. Hazy, light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain 
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
    a. Solid
    b. Transparent
    c. Vapors
    d. As a light
    e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter 
    b. Dimmer
    c. About the same
    d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharp, distinct
    d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up or slow down at any time?
    c. Break up into parts or explode?
    d. Chase or follow another object?
    e. Show colored lights?
    f. Flash or flicker?
    g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a form-like structure containing questions and responses about a reported UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Faded awey.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
Circle One: Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell where it moved behind.
It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color Grayish.

18. Was the angular size smaller than, larger than, or the same as a known object (such as a basketball, grapefruit, etc.) held at arm's length in line with the object? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
A quarter of the moon.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, windows, etc., and specifically answer what trails or vapor trails, if any, the object left. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten response and drawing]

- page 19 -

This page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form with various questions and options for the observer to select their responses.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Approximately 2000 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately 1 to 2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over open country? f. Over water? g. Flying over mountains? h. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTO, CYCLE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? about 70 miles per hour
24.3 Did you take any notice of any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Telescope Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No d. Windshield Yes No e. Window-glass Yes No f. Telescope g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a comment exhibit or object which when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A circular object resembling a saucer in appearance, about 60-70 feet in diameter. The object hovered or moved horizontally at a fairly high rate of speed. It appeared to be metallic in color and emitted no vapor trails or exhaust. It maneuvered rapidly with no apparent means of propulsion. There was no sound associated with the object.

- page 20 -

The image on this page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain a photograph. Instead, it shows a diagram with a sketch and a compass rose. The diagram appears to be illustrating instructions for how to describe the movement of an unidentified object in the sky, including information about its elevation, direction, and speed.

Extracted text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a sketch that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Sketch a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 21 -

