The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a project blue book record of a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10075 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 10 Oct 66 2312Z
2. LOCATION: Yonkers, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4-5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient data for evaluation
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer reported watching a star-like object in the sky that moved to the left and then to the right. It appeared as a normal star except much brighter. The object disappeared from view when it moved off behind some trees.
The observer did not provide any indication as to what direction the object was traveling. The information submitted is insufficient in that essential data is lacking.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

SAF-OICC/CASEL/BEV/T9079/25 OCT 66 20330
Yonkers, NY
OCT 27 1966

Dear [Redacted],

This is in reply to your recent letter regarding your unidentified flying object sighting.

I am enclosing AF Form 16, which is used in making such reports. This form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to the Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, The Pentagon, Washington, D.C. 20330.

We appreciate your interest in the United States Air Force and concern for the defense of our nation.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment:
AF Form 16

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a handwritten document or report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

As I was walking the street, a radiant star-like object suddenly became bright, turned, and accelerated, and then returned to its usual size. During the flight it appeared stationary and when I got out of my car to look at it more closely, it stopped and retraced its steps going back the way it had come. This apparently controlled maneuver lasted be t a minute or two minutes and then the finally went off to the northwest receding in absolute silence. I would probably have dismissed the sights how, a very unusual one, but out the following morning the newspaper carried the story of a UFO sighting over Yonkers, New York on the evening of October 8, 1966. The description matched what I had seen.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with a black line at the bottom.

"was very curious . In view it had reported a strange object going out of the horizon."

"Yours very truly,"

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information document related to an unidentified object sighting.

Text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object phenomena observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. The information that you give will be used for research purposes only. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 10 OCT 66
2. Time of day: 1945 Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Mountain c. Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object? FIFTH AVENUE YONKERS STREET, YONKERS, WESTCHESTER NEW YORK
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 45 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? APPEARS TO BE VERY CLOSE TO FIVE SECONDS 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 This form supercedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

OCR Text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
CALL? DIFFER IT RACE! OFF SECONP SOME TREES

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes      No     Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes      No     Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound SILENT
b. Color CRYSTALS FLARE WHEN IT BLANDED 8 CHANGES, USE WHITE LIGHT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ENTIRELY CP MATCH THE LOSS OF KITCHEN VARIETY

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. 
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(DRAWING)

- page 6 -

Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire form with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Various
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: It appeared as a brighter light source.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
            b. Like a bright star
            c. Well defined
            d. Don't remember
            e. Other

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Move slowly? Yes / No / Don't know 
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or survey related to a UFO sighting.

Extracting the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? FIRST STAGE OR SMALL
PARTICLES

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car PICKED OUT TO LOOK
c. Outdoors
d. On an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast h. Northwest
f. Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

STAR LIKE IN APPEARANCE. EXCEPT LARGER THAN STARS USUALLY
EXTREMELY BRIGHT LIGHT THAT CHANGED SHAPE AND SIZE IT CHANGED AS
IT MANEUVERED AS IN AERIAL CRAFT FLIGHT

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only illustrations and text. The illustrations include a sketch showing the position and trajectory of an object observed in the sky, as well as a compass rose diagram.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "Y" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. This page appears to be a part of a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting, containing fields for the date the questionnaire was completed and a space for the witness to provide additional information about the sighting that was not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire.

The text found in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  9-28-66
Day      Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 63 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day 16 Month April Year 1966 To Police

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Instead, it shows a handwritten letter that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book report.

Yonkers, N.Y.
10/13

Gentlemen:

I am sure you must have received many hundreds of reports in regard to a flying saucer etc. and I trust you will not file mine in that category.

Because I am sincerely concerned in regard to the safety of our country, I feel it is my duty to report a strange object I saw in the sky last Sunday night at approximately 7:15 P.M. in the vicinity of Yonkers. The encounter occurred on Central Ave.

I had parked my car on Kimbolton and went to assist my wife to alight and at the time said object flew past at terrific speed.

- page 12 -

