There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 11 MAY 66 18/02302
2. LOCATION: LEETONIA, OHIO
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One (visual) 1 time(s)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 SECONDS
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: Straight, North
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
FTD Form 164 sent to witness, however, not returned after 30 days/no further information is received.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The object sighted for the last three weeks between 2130 and 2145 hours was described as the size of the moon, very bright, not as bright as the stars. Sometimes appears to be going straight, sometimes appears to be going slightly southward. Only observed and off so witness pucked out on an airplane. Info to witness date quite sketchy, therefore info was sent.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a letter from Major Hector Quintanilla, the Chief of Project Blue Book, to a Mrs. [redacted] of Leetonia, Ohio, dated May 24, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

FTD (TDEV)
Wright-Patterson AFB, OHIO 45433
24 MAY 1966

Mrs. [redacted]
Leetonia, Ohio 44431

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

Reference your recent unidentified observations. The information in your letter was not sufficient for a conclusion. Because you
completed the attached FTD Form 164 and returned it in the envelope
we wish to thank you for reporting your observations to the Air
Force.

Sincerely,
/s/
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual content, it only shows handwritten text on a document.

Text from the document:

Dear Major - In the course of an investigation into a report of unidentified flying objects sighted in the Leetonia, Ohio area on 11 May 66, I interviewed the witness, Mrs. Dotty Hassell, and obtained the following information:

Mrs. Hassell reported observing three bright, metallic-appearing objects in the sky at approximately 9:50 PM on 11 May 66. She stated the objects were hovering in the sky, then suddenly accelerated and disappeared from sight. Mrs. Hassell stated she had never seen anything like this before and was quite shaken by the experience. 

I am not aware of any other similar reports from the Leetonia area on this date. If you have any additional information or would like me to pursue this matter further, please let me know.

Sincerely,
(Signed) (14j)

- page 3 -

The image contains handwritten text, but there is no photograph present.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output:

1. Mean - make out what!
2. Treetops (almost) seem to sway(?)
but in general there is no noticable vertical motion,
and no loud noises, there is just an eerie 
stillness and a strangely unreal quiet.
But the trees do seem to be slightly 
agitated, as if affected by some "field"
3 it moved
The director is making a report on some unusual atmospheric conditions which do not appear to be normal weather phenomena. There is mention of trees seeming slightly agitated, as if affected by some sort of "field", but no noticeable vertical motion or loud noises. The passage describes an "eerie stillness" and "strangely unreal quiet" surrounding the observed event.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document, possibly a report or document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text in the document:

"It appears to me a half brilliant object which contains a trail of white are so visible. Projectiles were moving very slowly from east to west and back again. The observor appears to be really excited and wanted to give specific details on what was observed."

"Observer name: [REDACTED]
Date observed: [REDACTED]"

- page 5 -

