The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record form with information about a case from Xenia, Ohio on March 27, 1966. The form includes details such as the date, time, location, source, number of objects observed, length of observation, type of observation, course, and information about physical evidence and photos. The conclusion stated on the form is "INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION".

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 March 66 28/04/1512
2. LOCATION: Xenia, Ohio 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Three
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5-10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: There was insufficient data to make a proper analysis. An FTD Form 164 was sent but returned marked "address unknown".

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document. It shows a first-class airline ticket or travel document issued by the United States Air Force for official business. There is no photograph present in this image.

Text extracted from the document:

FTD (TD-E/UFO)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

FIRST CLASS

Xenia, Ohio 4.5/335

FTD FORM 383 This form is prescribed ATC Form XX, dated Dec 60, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a questionnaire filled out by a witness regarding their UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give may be valuable in connection with any further research, scientific studies, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 27 MARCH 66
2. Time of day: 4:45 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving c. Mountain d. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? JUST OUT OF XENIA, COMING EAST OF US 68
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5-10 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It got really to great to small to disappear

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No. Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Home behind trees

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No. Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what in front of: Moved in front of trees

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Loud buzzing sound
b. Color Bright white in a bluish place

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

One like a football
The next a little smaller

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire filled out.

Project Blue Book was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings between 1952 and 1969.

The text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: it was the size of a star in the place

12. The edge of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't know
g. Show pulsations or flickering? Yes, No, Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 5 -

There appears to be no photograph present in this image. This is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Textual content extracted from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Faster than jet.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 6 mile.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 70 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No Cued.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other Strange bloom in air.

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Basketballs.

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, and it does not contain any photographs or images. The page consists of text and a compass-like diagram.

Transcribed text:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.  

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

3 together ? to the west separated

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
no-

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
a wife, a few of relatives

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Route 2, Jamestown Road, Xenia
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
AGE 17 SEX F
The object was seen by a wide family grouping (3 generations of sisters)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of reports on unidentified flying object (UFO) observations gathered by the United States Air Force.

The text in the document reads:

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
5 April 1966

Xenia, Ohio 45385

Dear Mr.

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 27 March 1966. The observation has been reviewed and is not sufficient for evaluation. Request the members of your family who observed the unidentified object fill out the attached FTD Forms 164 and return them in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JAMES E. QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

"got a call from the Sheriff at Xenia, reported sighting at 8:50 PM
- 1/2 mile out of Clifton -
called Collins for report at 9:10 PM

also got information, 7 or 8 second
3 govt close to ground & west outside

report 1000-2 ecus there if the size of a small head at about Ranger

ejcts cant looked toward s wgs

A. Spade

The Xenia Sheriff Dept was not too much to investigate the sighting."

- page 10 -

