The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record that includes a table with information about a UFO sighting that occurred on April 6, 1966 in Shreveport, Louisiana. The table provides details such as the location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, and conclusions about the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1 APRIL 66 02/0230Z
2. LOCATION: Shreveport, Louisiana (3 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or documentation from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document:

(S) CASE DETERMINATION: TYPE V/C. AIR SITING, HANDLING, SPEED. 

1. This case 2000-2010C - Light conditions: Day, night, dawn, dusk. 

2. Exact location of observers: City on outskirts of home located in 8" central Shreveport, La.

3. Physical evidence: None

4. Weather: Observer's account - Black sky.

Official Wing direction & velocity at surface: 25 M/H/350 - Alt. 25,000' at 330/25 - DS 25 

Ceiling: None      Visibility: 15       Amount of cloud cover: None

Temperature: None                    Temperature gradient: 0-0° F 1500'

1. Check with the Shreveport police revealed that they do not use this type of light. An ambulance company advised that they have discontinued this light and had no other reports.

2. Captain Ruab, Jr., 1934#, a PBY controller from the Command Post was flying a routine training mission in a PBY on the 7th when he received a report from the crew that they had sighted an unknown object at 17,000 feet crossing their course. The object was described as a bright light, in excess of 2000-3000 mph, with no exhaust trail, and no visible means of propulsion. The object was observed visually for approximately 10-15 seconds before it disappeared from sight. Captain Ruab did not see the object himself.

3. The original report was made to the Investigating Officer at 17:00 hrs 7 Apr. The officer interviewed the individuals concerned and checked the area in the neighborhood, but could find no further evidence or witnesses. Neighbors were not interviewed as the observation was at night, and there was nothing further to be gained.

Investigator's analysis: It is possible that the object observed was some type of meteor or other natural phenomenon, as the description fits that of a bright light traveling at high speed with no visible means of propulsion. However, the high rate of speed and lack of an exhaust trail are not typical of meteors. Since there is no other physical evidence, and no other witnesses have come forward, a definite determination cannot be made.

The report is signed by an Investigating Officer and dated 11 April 1966.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire regarding the unidentified aerial phenomenon that the observer has witnessed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be helpful in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: 4
Month: 16
Year: 66

2. Time of day:
30
Hours and Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Box 4071, Shreveport Annex
City or Town: Shreveport
State or County: Louisiana

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: 1
Minutes: 30 
Seconds:

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: a. Clear b. Hazy c. Partly Cloudy
b. NIGHT: a. Starry b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your left and behind you e. In back of you

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a questionnaire or survey about sightings of unidentified objects.

Transcription of the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the OBJECT at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. Pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Scattered c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Calm b. Light wind or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember  

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the surrounding stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Yes No Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES
c. Break in into parts or explode? YES
d. Change brightness? YES
e. Change shape? YES
f. Flash or flicker? YES
g. Disappear and reappear? YES

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and response fields related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
No, it simply went out of sight or faded away.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound The ob ect made a high pitched noise 
b. Color it appeared to be a glowing white or brilliant bluish white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/4 to 1/2 of the match head covered the object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please draw inside the dotting to show the direction the object was moving.

(An outline drawing consisting of circles is provided)

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions and checkboxes.

Page 4
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea 
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. In an automobile?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
b. Binoculars     Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No
e. Field glasses   Yes   No
f. Theodolite     Yes   No
g. Other          Yes   No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and associated instructions. The diagram shows a curved horizon line and instructions for how to interpret it to determine the altitude and positioning of an observed object.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
it's a yellow, and orange object. No details to add.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes  No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] 
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: 15  SEX: F

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[redacted] Day - [redacted] Month - [redacted] Year

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Text from the document:

TD (FORM)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
18 April 1966

Shreveport, Louisiana 71108

Dear Sirs:

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 1 April 1966. The information provided is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PIJID Form 164 and return it to the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
CHIEF, Project BLUE BOOK

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I have produced the following text from the document:

Name of Observer: Miss C
Occupation: Student
Address: Shreveport, Age 15
Station of Reliability: AVERAGE CITIZEN
a. Description of Object:
(1) Shape: Round Derby Hat
(2) Size (Compared to known object): Large as a House
(3) Color: Beige, with red and orange flashing Lights
(4) Number: 1 
(5) Formation: No
(6) Measures, details: High Crown as on a Derby Hat
(7) Trail, trail, duration: (compare to size of object) None
(8) Sound, noises, which could be related: No sound like roaring like rolling ball
(9) Special features: Little flashed around the object in circular pattern.
b. Description of Course of Object:
(1) Manner of locomotion (while in sight): Hovering over her home
(2) Angles of elevation and azimuth of object: when first observed just directly overhead
(3) Description of flight path and/or maneuvers: (see above)
(4) Manner of disappearance: Faded because of distance, going East and up
(5) Length of time in sight: Several minutes (approx. 10 min.)
c. Other Observation:
(1) Ground or air, visual or photographic: I was only visual
(2) Optical data description: None

- page 10 -

