The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a record of a UFO sighting. 

The text in the document states:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 3 July 66 3/0600Z
2. LOCATION West Jefferson, Ohio (Multiple)
3. SOURCE Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 4 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE East
8. PHOTOS □ Yes □ No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE □ Yes ■ No
10. CONCLUSION Pattern (possible) cast air balloon

The brief summary and analysis states that observers noted an object which appeared as a light that looked like fire all around it. The description is consistent with that of a cast air balloon.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a U.S. Air Force Technical Information form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object you observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will not be used for conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information go no further than necessary, nor may content you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3 JULY 66

2. Time of day: 2:00 2:25 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? FAIRVIEW AVE, WEST JEFFERSON, OHIO

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 25 MINUTES 
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. NIGHT b. NIGHT c. BRIGHT d. BRIGHT CLOUDY

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 103, Jul 61, which it obsoletes.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing text and multiple choice questions.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: BRIGHTER THAN STARS OF SIMILAR LIGHT

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Fairly bright
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical UFO investigation program. 

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: CLOUDS

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color WHITE & BLUE WITH A BRIGHT ROUND IT
c. Size AS LARGE AS A HOUSE
d. Shape ROUND
e. Number Any others seen? NONE

18. Estimating the size of the known object and then comparing the UFO to it, about how large was the UFO? If you have any measurements, please indicate. IT WAS ABOUT 2 TIMES LARGER THAN THE HOUSE I COULD SEE, SO IT MUST HAVE BEEN OVER 100 FEET WIDE.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. ROUND

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   YES   NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? FASTER THAN JET

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)   YES   NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Driving
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. At home
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Driving over open country?
g. Others

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No
e. Telescope   Yes   No
f. Binoculars   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other   

26. In order that you can give us a clear or picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
DONT KNOW IF ANY

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only diagrams and illustrations. There is a sketch showing the horizon and the angles of an object's elevation above the horizon, as well as a compass rose diagram.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

FOLLOWS NAME WEST JEFFERSON, OHIO FOLLOWS NAME WEST JEFFERSON, OHIO

32. Please give the following information about yourself.

NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted], COLUMBUS, OHIO 43210
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: [Redacted]  SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

May 27, 1966  CONTINUING TODAY

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, with handwritten text and numerical data.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 Day Day 7 Month Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative exploration of your sighting:

I weather per LCT
0700 = 700 / 08 Calm
0100 = 700 / 08 Calm
0200 = 800 / 08 Calm
0300 = 800 / 07 Calm

II WINDS 3 / 0700 =
5 m  16.10 
10 m 16.70
15 m 12.10
20 m 0.905
30 m 0.2-05
40 m 31.05
50 m 0.605

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page states "This sighting cannot be associated with any known air traffic phenomena in this particular locale. I suspect probable misannounced, unauthorized fire works in connection with holiday weekends."

- page 9 -

