The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record form from the "Project Blue Book" UFO investigation program.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: Mid March 66
2. LOCATION: SOUTHERN MICHIGAN
3. SOURCE: Multiple-Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Other (MARSH GAS)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: SEE CASE FILE
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
7. COURSE:
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Other (MARSH GAS)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO's Very Likely Stemming Gas Pumps
Detroit, March 23 - Dr. Jay and interviewing of more than 100 witnesses, a college professor, a Detoit gas station owner to the air force on extraordinary aerial phenomena, today declared that reports of "extra-terrestrial visitations" are justified by scientific facts and statements obtained from eyewitnesses 
The director of National Scientific Observatory, also flatly denounced photographs from the Washington, D. C. movement of U.F.O.s in the skies. There were no camera at the Observatory on the nights the sightings were made March 17.
Hundreds Four In
Hundreds of eye-witness reports from the Detroit metropolitan area, according to Dr. Hynek of Project Blue Book, were received by him and March 23 and March 24, in the Ann Arbor, Mich. area.
"I emphasize," he said, "I cannot prove a point of law, that the condition of the atmosphere did affect many minds in their analysis or reaction to these sightings. However, those that remain - were such as to defy explanation."
He added: "I am not making a blanket statement to cover it all."

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a printed document. The document describes an incident related to a UFO sighting. The text mentions that the girls who were interviewed reported seeing a fairly bright red light and two yellowish lights, resembling Christmas tree lights, close to the ground in a marsh area. The lights were surrounded by a glow which rose every once in a while to about 150 feet above the swamp. The text also mentions that the witness initially thought the lights were marsh lights, but later stated that this was not what they actually were, and that the lights got more brilliant over time.

The text found in the document is as follows:

After getting this story from [REDACTED] at his home, we proceeded to the dormitory and talked with two of the girls who were interviewed. They were most cooperative and Miss Jo Wilson drew the attached picture, (Figure #4). Both girls told me that attention was first called by a casual glance out of the window which led to the remark by one of them "there's no house down there, is there?" or words to that effect. A fairly bright red light and two yellowish lights, resembling Christmas tree lights, according to the girls, were close to the ground in the marsh area, where, they obviously knew there was no house.
They reported no tangible object. They did remark, although there was much confusion, that several of the girls had seen a very bright light sweep past the window just before the main sightings. As for the story relative to this, in contrast to the fairly consistent description to the lights in the swamp, the witness stated that his first impression of the lights were that they were marsh lights, otherwise known as fox lights, etc. He told me that he was about to say that this was what they actually were, but just about the time he thought he had the solution, the red light on the right and the white light on the left (a location of these lights did not agree with the girls' description) started to get more brilliant. It was at this time that the lights appeared to

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image seems to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

rise. The lights made their ascent and descent some four times between 1130 pm, 21 March and 1:45 am, 22 March. he thought that between the two lights he could see a mass and thought it was convex shaped. The girls, however, had described only a red light at that position. 
The arrows on the sketch indicate, according to the girls, the extent of the horizontal and vertical motion of the lights.
In Hillsdale, Mr. clearly the best observer as far as technical background was concerned, yet his knowledge of physics is not good.
After I had gotten back to Ann Arbor we had a few more phone talks, and at one time he called me rather late at home to inform me that he was seeing lights in the sky near the horizon and that through binoculars the lights were vertical lines, green on top, yellow in the middle, and red on the bottom. He failed to recognize this as the effects of atmospheric refraction of starlight into a small spectrum. also struck me as a man who becomes enamoured with an idea and tends to lose objectively in favor of the idea. He tends to find a hobby horse, as was indicated when he marshalled all his forces at a later date to set out to prove the marsh gas hypothesis wrong.
I am not reporting at this time the numerous side investigations, such as a trip to the home of a young chap who had reported to Van Horn that he had a photograph of a UFO. I visited this chap at Hillsdale and discovered that, as far as was concerned, he had photographed a blimp. I did give him $2 for a print, just for the record, which I never received. I will not also report at this time the many peripheral conversations I had with individual policemen from the office of the Sheriff of Washtena.w County at Ann Arbor, Michigan (Sheriff Harvey, and a number of his deputies), members of the Chelsea Police.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with text describing a discussion between investigators and a Colonel Miller, civilian Defense Chief in Ann Arbor, regarding UFO sightings in the Dexter and Hillsdale areas. The text describes the investigator's approach to evaluating the reliability of witness testimonies and the common patterns observed in the sightings.

Department (Chief John Palmer, Clyde Myers and Charles Sharpe and a number of his other men), and the police in Dexter Michigan (Captain Taylor and his men, notably Officer Runnawall), nor will I describe the fairly long discussion I had with Colonel Miller, civilian Defense Chief in Ann Arbor, who appears to be a very practical and blunt man who told me, in a nutshell, that he took no stock in any of the reports that had been going around.  I might point out, that all through the investigation I made discreet inquiries relative to character reference and general reliability of other witnesses, and came away with the general impression that I had not been dealing with seasoned and careful investigators, but rather with men untutored in reporting matters outside their normal line of reporting (license plates, accidents, etc, but not angular rates, angular distances in the sky, brightnesses, and in general, time motion sequences).  I was forced, therefore, to take into account, and regard as facts, only such things which had been reported fairly consistantly by several witnesses.  The same upon certain witnesses by other witnesses did not impress me as to quality and reliability of the data, I was obliged to use from which to draw my conclusions.  I therefore felt that the only expedient thing to do was to concentrate on the consistent aspects of the stories from Dexter and Hillsdale and place into another category the host of the individual and generally mutually conflicting bits of testimony offered by the many individuals I talked to during my three day stay.

I therefore decided to look at the common pattern which seemed to be developing in the Dexter and Hillsdale cases.  These had many interesting points in common; first, the lights in both cases were associated with swamp areas.  While it was true that various individuals reported lights traveling in the sky, the common factor seemed to be that the lights were associated with swamp areas.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document or report.

in the sky at about those times and in those general vicinities, I could form no consistent picture whatever of these alleged events. On the other hand, I could form a consistent picture of what apparently was observed over the swamp at Dexter and at Hillsdale. In both cases a distinctive reddish yellow, and green lights were reported, plus a general yellow glow. The spectacular lights, when reported, were stated to be of limited area. One of the girls at Hillsdale agreed but stated that a yellowish glow surrounding and enveloped the discreet lights. The similarity between the Dexter lights and the Hillsdale lights was striking. Not only as to color and intensity, but motion as well. The motion was described in both cases as smooth and slow, with a tendency to disappear rather suddenly and reappear elsewhere. Most observers described a smooth horizontal motion and while other girls from Hillsdale said the lights seemed to get excited and moved erratically when car lights and flashlights came into the vicinity, the major behaviour was described as persistent, smooth and slow.
I had hoped to be able to gather more data and, with the help of some of my Northwestern staff who were willing to come to the area with me and help in the interrogation and so to be able to examine many of the individual reports not associated directly with the events, but funds were not available for bringing in any of my associates, who are excellent interrogators in this field, and further, since the interest and excitement generated in these cases was mounting to fever pitch, it seemed expedient, in fact mandatory, to hold a press conference and make a press report. Until the evening before I was to make such a statement, I was still puzzled as to a natural explanation for even the consistent sightings. Fortunately, I have a number of friends in the academic world in Ann Arbor and whose invaluable aid I enlisted. I would like

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report.

to give credit to the scientists I talked with until very late into the night
but they prefer to remain anonymous. I am sure, however, that should their
testimony be officially required, rather than for the press, their cooperation
could very easily be obtained.
It was from these academic gentlemen that I obtained the information on
marsh gas and the lights frequently associated with it. To summarize, it 
appears that rotting vegetation in the swamps produces methane, CH4, and
hydrogen sulfide, H2S, in ample quantities under certain conditions. Methane
is odorless, H2S is not but since it is present in relatively small quantities
one does not smell it unless one overturns a shovel full of swamp material. I
am told that this would then release a distinct odor. In addition, phosphine
PH3 is produced by the reduction of phosphorous compounds in the marsh material.
These three gases ordinarily do not spontaneously ignite, but I am told, a
small impurity in the PH3, namely P2H, is highly flammable and when exposed to
air spontaneously ignites. This then apparently can serve to ignite the other
gases. The phenomenon of swamp lights is apparently quite well known, and
references to it are ample in the literature. Even in non-technical literature
these lights, variously known as will-of-the-wisp, ignus fatus, fox lights,
etc., have had many stories woven around them, including stories of these lights
being the souls of the departed as well as elemental mythological entities.
Technically, they are treated in two books to which I had immediate access,
Light and Colour in the Open Sky, by Minnaert and Chemistry, by Sidgwick and Plane.
Here the lights are described even into their colors, red, yellow, white and
green, thus matching the colors described by the majority of the witnesses. It
is stated in these books that the lights are a form of low temperature chemical
luminescence which does not char or burn grass, etc. The lights generally are

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. This appears to be a page from a document or report containing text.

are evanescent, burning here for a moment or so, going out, and appearing some feet or yards away as another plume of gas spontaneously ignites.  This sporadic lighting is generally soundless, although sometimes a "popping" noise is observed (This may be the origin of the "ricochet sound" Mr. Mannor reported).  The illusion of motion can easily be given by the sporadic appearance of a wisp of light here, and then there. 

The lights have never been described as truly bright.  They would be visible best to dark-adapted eyes on a clear dark night and also on a night which there was no high wind (which would quickly dissipate the gas as it bubbled up from underneath).

It appears to me that many of the conditions for the appearance of swamp lights were satisfied at both Dexter and Hillsdale.  I can't state with any certainty that this is the correct solution to the problem; merely that it is the most likely cause.  I would of course, appreciate learning of other possible natural causes should they be forthcoming.  We can, I believe, completely eliminate any solution based on aircraft, balloons, birds, meteors, stars, etc. because they simply do not fit the consistent data reported to me.

In putting forth the swamp gas explanation of the major Michigan sightings I am aware that it is open to several objects:  We do not know whether swamp lights ever appear at the near freezing temperatures that obtained in those areas at the time.  If these were swamp lights, one may well ask why they have not been seen in those localities before.  One may also ask why not at other swamp areas in Michigan instead of just these two?  I am also concerned that the Michigan sightings bear a slight resemblance to other UFO sightings in which swamp areas do not figure.  I am also concerned that I had to neglect the peripheral evidence of the few people who said that they thought an object had

- page 8 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in the document shown in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

been present. On the other hand, no convincing or coherent evidence was presented that any object had been seen either to enter or to leave the swamp areas. And why swamp areas in both cases? The case for swamp gas is by no means conclusive, and is unprovable, but still remains in my mind as a logical explanation for the majority opinion as to what was sighted. I therefore presented this likely explanation at the requested press conference, at which I pointed out in no uncertain terms that the swamp gas hypothesis was just that and that "I couldn't prove it in a court of law".

I wish that a press conference had not been necessary, or, if necessary that it had been handled more expertly and adroitly. I have little to say that is complimentary about the public relations office at Selfridge Field. It was amateurish in the extreme, and displayed no knowledge of how a press conference should be handled. 

The entire matter of a full dress press conference was most distasteful to me because I would rather present carefully weighed and consistent evidence and conclusions, with due time allowed, to a body of scientific colleagues than be subject at a moment's notice to a roaring pack of news hounds whose chief interest appears to be in getting a quick story.

I recommend once again, as I have often in the past, in my capacity as scientific consultant, that the UFO phenomenon which has now plagued us for a score of years, and has been responsible for countless words in newsprint during that time, should be recognized as a scientific and sociological problem of our times and studied as such by competent men in various fields. Further, since the first requisite for any scientific investigation is concern for the quality of the basic data, much more attention should be paid to the immediate gathering and processing of such data.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

REPORT ON THE INVESTIGATION OF THE DEXTER, MICHIGAN SIGHTING OF 20 MARCH AND THE HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN SIGHTING OF 21 MARCH 1966

Primary
The two sightings at Dexter and Hillsdale, respectively, may be called the crucial sightings which became the focal point of local attention (and later of nationwide) and had associated with them a veritable barrage of other reports and significant association with the two principal events under discussion here. It is possible that many of these were the result of the general excitement surrounding these events and of suggestibility on the part of those who reported them. However, there were reports of odd sightings, particularly in the Milan area, a few nights previous to the sightings discussed. It would have taken an array of investigators to have exhaustively looked into all of these. In the course of my three days of investigation, I talked with the following people at some length and with a host of others in passing.

County Sheriff Harvey - Washtenaw County
Deputy Stanley McFadden
Deputy David Fitzpatrick
Patrolman Runneals
Colonel Gerald D. Miller
Chief Savior
Univ. of Mich. Astronomy Dept. (11 members)
Univ. of Mich. Faculty members
Mr. and Mrs. Donald Behler 
Chief John Palmer - Hillsdale Police
Mrs. John Brunner (two students at Hillsdale College)
Patrolman Clyde Merz
Patrolman Anderson, Sgt. Bushra and Anderson were contacted by ASC Handy)

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

My questions were specifically directed toward determining what was visibly perceived and towards pinpointing the location and extent and duration of the phenomena.
Case A - Dexter, Michigan 
There follows the original report received at the Washtenaw County Sheriff's Department at 8:35 pm on 20 March 1966, as the complainant called and stated that there was a strange object in the swamp at the end of Dexter-Pinckney Road. It was on the ground, went up in air about 500 feet and then came down, making a lot of noise.
INVESTIGATION: Dispatched to the above location, and made contact with the complainant at _____ Road. Complainant advised that an un-identified object was presently located in the swamp, to the rear of afore mentioned location, and had been so located for approximately (1/2) one-half hour. Complainant further related that the object had been observed to rise to an altitude of approximately 500 feet, and then to return to the ground. Subject stated that lights were observed upon the object, and that the lighting turned from a blue-green to a brilliant red to yellow in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty in getting off of the ground. Complainant, and his son, had watched the object for some time, and then proceeded into the woods and swamps, in an attempt to locate the object, and to see what it was. Both _____ and _____ were within the swamp at the time of arrival of the undersigned officers.
ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officer, in company with the complainant, proceeded along Dexter-Pinckney Road to Territorial Road, and then turned onto Quigley Road, where a vantage point was obtained, being in direct line with the

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

TEXT OUTPUT:

Insert 93 continued.
(See map)
At this point, the patrol vehicle was secured, and the afore mentioned proceeded into the woods, in attempt to locate the swamp edge, and the object. While in the woods area, a brilliant light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light dimmed in brilliance. As the afore mentioned approached the upper ridge, and edge of the woods, the brilliant light again appeared, and then disappeared. 
A continued search of the area was conducted, through swamp, and high grass, with negative results.
Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met by others who had gathered to observed, and the undersigned officers were informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where our flashlight beams had been seen, and had then departed in a west direction of flight, at high rate of speed. Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers returned to the address, where they were talked to.
TALK WITH stated that he had observed the lights coming from the swamp, and had awakened son, who then proceeded into the swamps in an attempt to find out the object which was producing the light. Upon entering the lower edge of the swamp, stated "what is that thing", and looked in the direction indicated, the object was observed. At the instant of observation the small lights went out, and in just an instant re-appeared across the swamp, a distance of about 200 yards. At this time, the object became illuminated from a brilliant source of light, which flowed horizontal between the two (2) small lights. After

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, titled "U' Scientists Suggest 'Carrier' Explanations".

Text from the document:

"Scientists at the University night club in Ann Arbor, Michigan, recently discussed observations they have made of unexplained phenomena appearing in the sky. They pointed out that the very nature of these phenomena suggests a carrier of some kind which could account for the unusual movements and disappearance and reappearance of the objects observed.

Professor William J. Bielemann of the astronomy department, University of Michigan, indicated that there is a distinct possibility that these objects observed could be instrumental in the electrostatic and gravitational forces operating in the upper atmosphere, which could provide the explanation for some UFO sightings.

Prof. George W. Prokopovitch, another University of Michigan scientist, indicated the UFO problem may be tied to the existence of a possible low-energy plasma phenomena known as "will-o'-the-wisps," which is a physical phenomenon similar to the will-o'-the-wisps produced by certain gases given off by decaying vegetation and which plays along the horizon reflecting the magnetism and gravitation of the atmosphere."

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The text in the document describes an investigation into a reported UFO sighting in southern Michigan on March 8, 1966. The report details the witness account, the investigation conducted, and the conclusions drawn.

FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH
NEGATIVE RESULTS.
DISPOSITION: FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH
NEGATIVE RESULTS.
STATUS: REMAINS OPEN

Mr. *** the complainant, is the son-in-law of Mr. ***, who made the original sighting. Mr. *** was about to enter his house from a front yard, when, according to him, he noticed a bright light out of the corner of his eye. He thought at first it was a falling star which he said abruptly stopped right over a swamp to the immediate north of his barn. He called his son, ***, out from the house to verify the sighting and together they watched the glow of light behind the trees in the distant swamp. Apparently at this time Mr. Wagner made the report to the Sheriff's office. Deputy McFadden and Fitzpatrick were dispatched to the Wagner farm and in an interview with McFadden and Fitzpatrick (with whom I spent several hours in detailed discussions) they stated that upon arrival at the Farm Mr. *** and his son were already making a trek to the swamp area to look in an attempt to locate the "object". **** and his son did not carry any lights save a cigarette lighter (it seems strange since daylight was dark, being the new moon). The deputies then proceeded to the point marked A on figure #1, where they parked their car. They then proceeded towards the glow along a path marked by a dotted line (a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B). From point B, Deputy

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

OCR output:

Proceeded towards the glowing along a path marked by a dotted line.
(A path which I ninety recented on Wednesday, 23 March 1966.)
the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airmen Kelley, to point B.
from point B, Deputy Fitzpatrick observed a glow /0
point marked C. Point C is also indicated on a map of the region.
Points A, B C & M are also indicated on figure 2. Deputy Fitzpatrick
reported that the glow reported at C brightened and dimmed slowly.
"as though stage lights were being brightened and dimmed". Deputy
Fitzpatrick never observed anything other than a glow. He did
not even observe the glow to rise to the tree? top level as Manor
and his son indicated it had.

While Deputy McFadden busied himself in another direction in
the swamp, Deputy Fitzpatrick proceeded towards the glow. The
deputies were equipped with flashlights and 1/ the lights from
the flashlights were visible to Mr and his son who had
had now returned to the farm and were observing the deputies
search from afar. Deputy Fitzpatrick stated to me that as he and
his flashlight approached the glow, your source was apparently
hidden by a slight rise in the terrain, the glow disappeared.

Deputy Fitzpatrick did not see it again, Deputy Mr reported that
as he/approached the glow,/it "Disappeared with the brightness approach(the area
of the glow)the glow disappeared there and Immediately appeared
at a more distant point of the swamp. Mr described the motion
of the glow as a smooth horizontal motion which did not follow the
contour of the land. He indicated that if this had been an ordinary

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a report on the investigation of UFO sightings in Dexter, Michigan and Hillsdale, Michigan on March 20 and March 21, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

REPORT ON THE INVESTIGATION OF THE DEXTER, MICHIGAN SIGHTING OF 20 MARCH AND THE HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN SIGHTING OF 21 MARCH 1966

Primary
The two sightings at Dexter and Hillsdale, respectively, may be called the crucial sightings which became the focal point of local attention (and later of nationwide) and which associated with them a veritable barrage of other reports with so clean-cut association with the two principal events under discussion here. It is possible that many of these were the result of the general excitement surrounding these events and of suggestibility on the part of those who reported them. However, there were reports of odd sightings, particularly in the Milan area, a few nights previous to the sightings discussed. It would have taken an army of investigators to have questioned in detail all of these. 

In the course of my three days of investigation, I talked with the following people at some length and with a host of others in passing:

County Sheriff Harvey - Washtenaw County
Deputy Stanley McFadden
Deputy David Fitzpatrick
Patrolman Kendall 
Patrolman Harold G. Miller
Chief Taylor
Mr. ****** - law abiding citizens
Univ of Mich Astronomy Dept. (11 members)
Univ of Mich Physics Dept, Henry Reed, Radio and television engineer
Sgt. John Palmer - Goshen Police
Miss ******* - two students - Hillsdale College.
Patrolman Clyde Myers - two students - Hillsdale College
Sgt. Schuerder, Deputies Bushre and Anderson were contacted by A2C Hanby.*

- page 16 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a typed text of a report on a UFO sighting incident.

My questions were specifically directed toward determining what was visibly perceived and towards pinpointing the location and extent and duration of the phenomena.

Case A - Dexter, Michigan
There follows the original report received at the Washtenaw County Sheriff's Department at 8:35 pm on 20 March 1966, which can be said to initiated the investigation. The complainant called and stated that there was a strange object in the swamp at the end of Dextar-Pinckney Road. It was on the air about 500 feet up and came down, making a lot of noise.

INVESTIGATION: Dispatched to the above location, and made contact with the complainant as advised. Complainant advised that an un-identified object was presently located in the swamp, to the rear of the location mentioned, and had been so located for approximately (1) one-half hour. Complainant further related that the subject had been observed to rise to an altitude of approximately 500 feet, and then to return to the ground. Subject stated that lights were observed upon the object, and that the lighting turned from a blue-green to a brilliant red to yellow in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty in getting off of the ground.

On the arrival of the undersigned officers, both the complainant and his son had watched the object for some time, and then proceeded into the woods and swamps, in an attempt to locate the object, and to see what it was. Both were within the swamp at the time of arrival of the undersigned officers.

ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officer, in company with the complainant, proceeded along Dexter-Pinckney Road to Territorial Road, and then turned onto Gugley Road, where a vantage point was obtained, being in direct line with the location mentioned in the report.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Inseat
A scontinued.
house, and the area of the objects observation. At this point, the patrol vehicle
was secured, and the afore mentioned proceeded into the woods, in attempt to
locate the dump edge, and the object. While in the woods area, a brilliant
light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light
dimmed in brilliance. As the afore mentioned approached the upper ridge, and
edge of the woods, the brilliant light again appeared, and then disappeared.
A continued search of the area was conducted, through swamp, and high grass,
with negative results.
Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met
by others who had gathered to observed, and the undersigned officers were informed
that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where our
flashlight beams had been seen, and had then departed in a west direction of
flight, at high rate of speed. Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the under-
signed officers returned to the address, where the individual were
TALK WITH that he had observed the
lights coming from the swamp, and had awakened his son, then proceeded into the swamps in an attempt to find out the object which was
producing the lights. Upon entering the lower edge of the swamp, he stated "What is that thing", and as he approached in the direction indicated, the
object was observed. At the instant of observation the small lights went out,
and in just an instant, re-appeared across the swamp, a distance of about 500
yards. At this time, the object became illuminated from a brilliant source of
light, which flowed horizontal between the two (2) small lights. After

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a reported UFO sighting.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: Object was observed to be of a brown coloring, appearing to be quilted type outside surface. Object appeared to be flat upon the bottom, and cone shaped toward the top, however, being low in height. Two small lights appeared to be at the outer edges of the object, glowing in a bluish-green light, and intensifying to a brilliant red in color. When the vehicle or object illuminated, the lighting was a yellow-white in color, and ran horizontal between the two outer lights, allowing some of the object to be viewed. Outer body appeared to be rough in texture.

PERSONS OBSERVING OBJECT: Seven- [redacted], Dexter, DOB Jan 5, 1919; Dexters [redacted], Dexter, DOB Jan 23, 1947.

FURTHER UFO SIGHTED: Shortly after the UFO was departed from the scene, CHELSEA POLICE DEPARTMENT reported sighting a similar object over the Village of Chelsea, hovering, and then departing at high rate of speed in a westerly direction.

A further sighting of similar bluish-green lights was reported near the woods and swamp, north side of N Territorial Road, between Scully Rd., and Webster-Church Road, in Webster Twp., County of Washtenaw, by Washtenaw County Sheriff Patrol #19, however, when attempt was made to get closer, the object passed directly over the MANNORS in just an instant.

- page 19 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing typed text and no visual imagery.

Transcript of the text in the document:

REPORT (BLUE) 4 
Lights disappeared and were not observed again. Further search of the area was 
made with negative results.

DISPOSITION: FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH 
NEGATIVE RESULTS.

STATUS: REMAINS OPEN
 
Mr. ____ the "complainant" is the son-in-law of Mr. _____ who made the original sighting. Mr. _____ was about to enter his house from a front yard, when, according to him, he noticed a bright light out of the corner of his eye.  
He thought at first it was a falling star which he said abruptly stopped right over a swamp to the immediate north of his barn. He called his son, ____, out from the house to verify the sighting and together they watched the glow of light behind the trees in the distant growing. Apparently at this time Mr. Warner made the report to the Sheriff's office. Deputy McFadden and Fitzpatrick were dispatched to the ______ farm and in my interview with McFadden and particularly with Fitzpatrick (with whom I spent several hours in detailed discussions) they stated that upon arrival at the farm Mr. ______ and his son were already making a trek to the swamp area to look in an attempt to locate the "object". Mr. ______ and his son did not carry any lights other than a cigarette lighter (it seems strange since the night was dark, being the new Moon). The deputies thereupon proceeded to the point marked A on figure #1, where they parked their car. They then proceeded towards the glow/lights along a path marked by a dotted line (a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B). From point B, Deputy...

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing an incident involving a glowing object observed by Deputy Fitzpatrick and Deputy Kelley in a swamp area. The document provides details about the location, the path of the object, the behavior of the glow, and the observations made by the deputies. The text describes the glow brightening and dimming, as well as its disappearance and reappearance. There is no mention of any human faces or individuals being identified in the document.

Text extracted from the document:

proceeded towards the glowing along a path marked by a dotted line,
(a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in
the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point in
From point B, Deputy Fitzpatrick observed a glow rising from
point marked C. Point C is also indicated on a map of the region.
Points A, B C & N are also indicated on figure 2. Deputy Fitzpatrick
reported that the glow reported at C brightened and dimmed slowly.
"as though stage lights were being lighted and dimmed". Deputy
Fitzpatrick never observed anything other than a glow. He did
not even observe the glow to rise to the treetop level as Mansor
and his son indicated it had.
While Deputy McFadden busied himself in another direction in
the swamp, Deputy Fitzpatrick proceeded towards the glow. The
deputies were equipped with flashlights and if the lights from
the flashlights were visible to Mr. and his son who
had now returned to the farm and were observing the deputies
search from afar. Deputy Fitzpatrick stated to me that he and
his flashlight approached the glow, but when he got close the glow
was apparently hidden by a slight rise in the terrain, the glow disappeared.
Deputy Fitzpatrick did not see it again, that reported that
as he(Fitzpatrick) approached with his flashlight(the area
of the glow) the glow disappeared there and immediately appeared
at a more distant point of the swamp. Mr. described the motion
of the glow as a smooth horizontal motion which did not follow the
contour of the land. He indicated that if this had been an ordinary

- page 21 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

vehicle the lights would have proceeded with a bumpy motion because of the irregularities in the terrain. Mr. n indicated that the glow in various parts of the swamp lasted for 2½ - 3 hours.

The stories of Mr. and Deputies Mc Fadden do not exactly agree here but this might be due to their different advantage points.

During their trek towards the swamp (incidently they never arrived at their objective, therefore never getting closer than 500 yards) they stated that as they came closer to the swamp they saw an oval object depicted in figures 3 & 4. Deputy McFadden described a figure #4, though he had indicated to me that he had not seen the object himself, and his man described the vehicle as a brownish oval with a green and white light at the opposite ends of the longitudinal axis and a bright red elongated light in between the two.

When the officers returned to their patrol car they found two other patrol cars there. Deputy and his wife/were in one car, and Officer in the returning officers whether they had seen the lights directly above them. It stated that four lights were hovering directly above the officers while they were conducting their search in the swamp. Deputy stated that one of the lights came directly towards his car, passing slightly to the right. Mrs. had rolled the window down and, peering out, stated that she observed the ball of light to pass very close to the car. Officer had turned the car motor off to check whether any sound came from the ball of light. As he did he

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting incident.

Text extracted from the document:

"He got out, planning to shut the door, and then looked around for the object, only to discover that the object was already to the rear of the car. This 4'4" object, if correct, would average out to the object proceeding at an average speed of 15 mph as it disappeared. Before proceeding with more details of these observations it would be best to examine the basic reports from the Hillsdale area because of the great similarity between them and this.

Case B - Hillsdale, Michigan
On Thursday, March 24th I traveled to Hillsdale with Ann Harbour and his driver to investigate the Hillsdale case. We called first at the home of [redacted] County Civil Defense Director and operator of the [redacted] Funeral Home. He has had several license  been in the Air Force, and is a very knowledgeable and efficient person. I talked with him at length about the sighting.
Mrs Van Horn made the first call, a report from the girls' dormitory, to the effect that there were blue, red and white lights visible from the dormitory near the ground. The director went to the back roof of his house and for 10 minutes scanned the skies and could see nothing. He did see a white light in the SW which he first mistook was stationary at first, but which appeared to change azimuth from 210 to 270 degrees. His wife and son David observed it for about 20 minutes. He said it wasn't a star and not an aircraft because it remained in the field of the binoculars for five minutes."

- page 23 -

The image contains a newspaper article or report, but does not appear to contain any photograph. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document.

PRANKSTERS BUSY AFTER UFO TALK BULLETIN
DAYTON, Ohio, March 8 - The UFO said here today it now remains to come up with an explanation within the next 48 hours for the incidents of several lights observed recently by some young people, according to a statement issued by Sheriff John Sexton.
After questioning several youngsters who reported seeing strange lights in the sky, the sheriff said the youths claimed they had an experience that the officer said "was almost frightening to them."
The report said project officer in charge of the unidentified flying object investigations stated here yesterday that he would attempt to come up with an explanation sometimes Friday.
The investigation, started a few days ago into the object sightings, is continuing and the project officer has been assigned to check the matter more thoroughly.
The local investigation is being conducted by Capt. George Taylor of the sheriff's department, who is working with the U.S. Air Force investigators from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
The scientist said he would be coming in some time in the next 48 hours to assist in the investigation after studying all the reports and interviewing the witnesses.
The young people involved stated they observed the lights over a period of several hours four nights in a row. The sheriff said his deputies had questioned them at length and they seemed quite sincere in their reports.
The parents of the young people involved are cooperating fully with the investigation, the sheriff said.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Fused (2)
he saw nothing in the area of the sky to the northeast. This was reported to the girls but they called back at 1105 (Eastern Clock). And stated "Effective" sorry to bother you, don't want you to think we are crackpots, but the thing is coming down!" It was straight East of the dormitory and probably 3/4 miles away. He called the State Police as well as the city police who arrived shortly. investigated the area and reported there was nothing to be seen. 
Because the 4 girls continued to report lights, Van Horn decided to go to the dormitory. He was saw Mrs. Hearn the housemother at the dormitory, who took him to the second floor of the dormitory. They went to the room of Miss Jo Wilson and P. Sara Bosheckw. The girls had the room dark and windows open as they were looking down towards a swampy depression in the county side. Van Horn observed the lights then himself for the first time.
After getting his home, we proceeded to the dormitory and talked with Mrs. Hearn, who took us up to the same room, where the same girls were interviewed. They were most cooperative and Miss Boshecke, drew attached picture. (Failure #40). Both girls told me that attention was first called by a casual glance out of the window which led to a remark by one of them "therese no house down there, is there?" or words to that effect.
A fairly bright 1 red light and two yellowish lights, resembling area tree lights, according to the girls, were close to the ground in the marsh area, where, they obviously/knew there was no house.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

Text extracted from the image:

They reported no tangible object. They did remark, although there was much confusion, that several of the girls had seen a very bright light sweep past the window. I could not construct a story relative to this in contrast to the vague consistent description to the lights in the swamp.

According to Van Horn, the lights were surrounded by a glow which rose every once in awhile to about 150 feet above the swamp, appearing to get brighter as it rose, then rather quickly dimming out as it got higher. It appeared, however, more or less steady as though it wished to avoid the periodic sweep of a nearby airplane beacon. 

Van Horn stated that his first impression of the lights were that they were marsh lights, otherwise known as fox lights, etc. He told me that he was about to say that this was what they actually were, but just about the time he thought he had the solution, the red light on the right and the white light on the left started to get more brilliant. It was at this time that the lights appeared to rise. The lights made a slow ascent and descent some four times between 1130 pm 21 March and 145 am 22 March. Van Horn thought that between the two lights he could see a mass and thought it was convex shaped. The girls, however, had described only a red light at that position.

The arrows on the sketch indicate, according to the girls, the extent of the horizontal and vertical motion of the lights.

I am not reporting at this time the numerous side investigations, such as a trip to the home of a young chap who had reported to...

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a typed document or report.

Van Horn that he had a photograph of a UFO. I visited this chap at Hillsdale and discovered that, as far as I was concerned, I did not give him $2 for a poenty print, just for the record, which I have never not yet received. I will not also report at this time the many peripheral conversations I had with individual policemen from the office of the sheriff of Washtenaw County at Ann Arbor, Michigan (Sheriff Harvey, and a number of his deputies), members of the Chelsea Police Department (Chief John Palmer, Clyde Myers and Charles Sharpe and a number of his men), and the police in Dexter Michigan (Captain Taylor and his men, notably Officer Hunzat), nor will I describe the fairly long discussion I had with Colonel Miller, civilian Defense Chief in Ann Arbor, who appears to be a very practical and blunt man who told me, in a nutshell, that he took no stock in any of the reports that had been going around. I might point out, that all through the investigation I made discreet inquiries relative to character reference and general reliability of these other witnesses, and came away with the general impression that I had net been dealing with seasoned and careful investigators, but rather

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page of a written report or document.

Transcription of the text:

with men untutored in reporting matters outside their normal line of ((wew plates, accident) etc but of reporting, singular data: unusual appearance in the sky, brightness, and in general, time motion sequences,) I was forced, therefore, to take into account and regard as facts, only such things which had been reported fairly consistently by several witnesses. The doubt cast upon certain witnesses by other witnesses did not inspire in me a feeling of confidence as to the quality and reliability of the data I was obliged to use from which to draw my conclusions. I therefore felt that the only expedient thing to do was to concentrate on the consistent aspects of the stories from Dexter and Hillsdale and place into another category the host of the individual and generally mutually conflicting bits of testimony offered by the many individuals I talked to during my three day stay .

I therefore decided to look at the common pattern which seemed to be developing in the Dexter and Hillsdale cases. These had many interesting points in common; first, the lights were definitely associated with swamp areas. While it was true that various individuals reported lights traveling in the sky at about those times

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

Insert (p1)
and in those general vicinities, I could form f no consistent
other hanl,
picture whatever of these allied events. On the contraryr
I could form a consistent picture of what apparently was observed
over the swamp at Dexter and. Nit at Hillsdale. In both cases
a distinctive/relationship, yellow, and green lights were
reported y plus a general ti yellow glow. The spectacular
lights, when reported, were stated to be of limited area. One
of the 'girls at Hillsdale described lights in the sky as Christmas
tree lights. Other girl at Hillsdale agreed but stated that a
yellowish glow surrounding and enveloped the discreet lights.
The similarity between the Dexter lights and the Hillsdale lights
wes's triking. Not only as to color and intensity, but motion as
well. The motion was described in both cases as smooth and
slow, with a tendency to disappear rather suddenly and reappear
elsewhere. Most observers described a smooth horizontal motion and while
other girls from Hillsdale said the lights seemed to get excited and moved
erratically when car lights and flash lights came into the vicinity, the
major behaviour was described as persistent, smooth and slow.
10-13

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text.

I had hoped to be able to gather more data and, with the help of some of my Northwestern staff who were willing to come to the area with me and help in the interrogation and so to be able to examine many of the individual reports not associated directly with the saucer, but funds were not available for bringing in any of my associates, who are excellent interrogators in this field, and further, since the interest and excitement generated in these cases was mounting to fever pitch, it seemed expedient, in fact mandatory, to hold a press conference and make a progress report. Until the evening before I was to make such a statement, I was still puzzled as to a natural explanation for even the consistent sightings. Fortunately, I have a number of friends in the academic world in Ann Arbor and whose invaluable aid I enlisted. I would like to give credit to the scientists I talked with until very late into the night but they prefer to remain anonymous. I am sure, however, that should their testimony be officially required, rather than for the press, their cooperation could very easily be obtained.

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text.

Here is the output of the OCR processing on the text in the document:

It was from these academic gentlemen that I obtained the information
on marsh gas and the lights frequently associated with it. To summarize,
it appears that rotting vegetable vegetation in the swamps produced metbane,
CH4, and H2S in ample quantities under certain conditions. Methane is
odorless, H2S is not but since it is present in relatively small quantities
one does not smell it unless one overturns a shovel full of swamp
material. I am told that this metbane would then release a distinct odor. I am told
In addition, phosphine, PH3, is produced by the reduction of phosphorous compounds
in the marsh material. These three gases are not ordinarily do not spontaneously
ignite. I am told, that a small impurity in the PH3, name Pith, is highly
flammable and when exposed to air spontaneously ignites, which then
apparently can serve to ignite the other gases. The phenomenon of swamp
lights is apparently quite well known, and references to it are ample in
the literature. Even in technical literature these lights, variously as will-o'-the-wisp, ignis fatuus, Fresnee, fox lights, etc, have
had many stories woven around them, including such stories of these lights
being the souls of the departed as well as elemental manifestations of entities.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Technically they are treated in two books to which I had immediate access, Light and Colour in the Open Sky, by Minnuert and Chemistry, by Senson and Flang. As here the lights are described even into their colors, red, yellow, white and green, thus matching the colors described by the majority of the witnesses. It is stated that in these books, the lights generally are a form of low temperature chemical luminescence which does not char or burn grass, etc. The lights generally are evanescent, burning here for a moment or so, going out, and appearing some feet or yards away as another plume of gas spontaneously ignites. This sporadic lighting is general soundless, although sometimes a "popping" noise is heard (this may be the origin of the "ricochet sound"). Mr. Manner reported the illusion of motion can easily be caused by the sporadic appearance of a wisp of light here and then there. The lights have never been described as truly bright. They would be visible best to dark-adapted eyes on a clear dark night and also on a night which there was no high wind (which would quickly dissipate the gas as it built up from underneath). It appears to me that all the major conditions for the appearance or signs were satisfied even as considered very probable. I can't state with any certainty that this is the correct solution to the problem; merely that it is the most likely natural cause. I would of course, appreciate learning of other possible natural causes should they be forthcoming. We can, I believe, completely eliminate any solution based on e/c, balloons, birds, meteors, stars, etc, because they simply do not fit the consistent data reported to me.

- page 32 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

I therefore presented this likely explanation at the press conference. 
The entire matter of a full dress press conference was most distasteful to me because I would rather present carefully weighed and consistent evidence and conclusions to a body of scientific colleagues than to a barrage of fact-news hounds whose chief interest appears to be in getting a quick story. I recommend once again, as I have often in the past in my capacity as scientific consultant, that the UFO phenomenon which has now plagued us for a score of years, and has been responsible for countless words in newsprint during that time, should be recognized as a scientific and evidentiary problem of our times and studied as such by competent men in various fields. Further, the first recognition by any scientific investigation is concerned for the quality of the basic data, much more attention should be paid to the immediate gathering and processing of such data. I would be most happy to submit a more specific recommendation on the handling of this problem, based on my score of years of experience with the problem if this seems appropriate at this time.

During-the-three-day-interrogation

All notes obtained were gathered all through my working hours on the three days are available in my files.

Ed J. Ruppelt F.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Dearborn Observatory of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, dated July 30, 1956.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS
July 30, 1956

Dear Marilyn:
My dictaphone broke down and so my original plan to dictate the whole report and then have you type it has been foiled. You'll have to type as much of the interim report as you can yourself. This report is being sent to you, as indicated, copy of the final report for my files - thanks.

REPORT ON THE DEXTER-HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN UFO SIGHTINGS OF 20-21 MARCH 1956

In my capacity as scientific consultant to the Air Force on UFO's, I was requested to investigate this case which, for some reason, had captured public attention and were the subject of many radio and press articles. It was considered that definitive observations could be made at the actual site, so I was asked to do so. As had Mr. Valley and Mr. Hynek, a far better job of handling this matter could have been done if I had not had to wait over a week to get on the spot.
Once there, scenes of Dexter and Hillsdale - and Ann Arbor and Chelsea - confronted me. I studied the site of the 'landing' and the traces on the ground (a grassy field). I realized that the task was far too great for one man if all the necessary data was to be obtained. The many cars and people who were "militated" because I had either not had a chance to talk with them or was able to give only cursory attention, would later serve as a basis for much of the final inaccuracies. I could have used an assistant interrogator separately the single witnesses who had gathered, however, since none of us knew what proportions these incidents would assume as the press, radio and TV men - it was impossible to talk quietly with anyone without interrupting for "just a word" or "will you answer just one question?" It is difficult for the layman to understand how arduous the Dexter case reportedly complicated when the Hillsdale episode appeared. The public clamor was so great and the queries so numerous, I had no authority to select those I would interview.
Here again is where some assistants would have come in handy. They could have diverted the reporters while I talked to the witnesses. The media some clever interference run for him in cases like this, it is virtually impossible to do it single-handed. By contrast, it would have been little trouble if I had been assisted with the proper personnel to cope with the details of the investigation. The witnesses were invaluable in chasing down leads, assisting in photogrammetric work, and providing interpretations which, in turn, led to new areas to be explored. They were irreplaceable.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to an unidentified aerial phenomenon (UFO) report.

DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK, POLICE CHIEF TAYLOR
STUDY UFO CITING REPORTS AT DEFORD, MICH. - UFO
"MICHIGAN is AUGER" 

REPORT ON UFO
EXPECTED SOON

"The Air Defense Command Radar at Michigan is tracking an unidentified aerial phenomenon, a charge of the Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon Air Force office at Tyndall Air Force Base said this morning. The investigation into the mysterious sighting is continuing, and a report is expected sometime tomorrow."

According to the text, the document discusses a UFO sighting that was tracked by radar at a location in Michigan, and a report on the incident is expected soon.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Extracted text from the document:

The interrogation of subsidiary witnesses and running very necessary interference, making special expense to secure permission to see principals etc. I have resolved that in investigating future cases, if I do at all, I must have at least one dependable assistant who knows the ropes. Otherwise too much time is wasted in these mechanics.

Through the kindness of Prof. ____ of the Graduate School, University of Michigan, I made my headquarters at his home on March 29 and 30th. Mrs. ______ says freely of her time in every way, the phone, which seemed to ring incessantly to want to help where they could. And then _____ and ______ of the University of Michigan Faculty members (who prefer to remain anonymous) who were able to give me considerable physical solutions to the sightings.

It was a strange invitation that eleven members of the University of Michigan astronomy department gave to me at Dean Miller's home to discuss the sightings and other things as well.

It is virtually impossible to describe the nature of the three objects as seen in the Ann Arbor neighborhood certainly would not wish to undergo another regression, fair enough, for their impact on my thinking and the mental images of the "facts" of the sightings and let the chips fall where they would.

(M: Take up Insert A at this point--it is page one of the original report.)

I should apologize for the lack of detail in the description of the objects. The reason was that there was little time for taking formal records. The next time I undertake an investigation of this nature, with proper records to assist as in getting valid cases, and assessments more accurately.

There was no physical evidence that I was ever able to determine. I fully intended to do what I could to distribute copies of my report to Headquarters so that they would have something tangible if they needed it.

Now to the cases themselves: (M pick up Insert B) where are the papers? I've just reviewed the contents of the envelope and I find there's nothing here that corresponds to what you have asked me about. VanHorn report, have this? I probably have my maps at home if I didn't leave them with you.

Now continue with narrative--we'll call it Insert C.

After end of Insert C, continue with following: 
It is most unfortunate that none of the witnesses in the Dexter area were technically trained. It was impossible to get a true scientific appraisal of what they saw. There was no physical evidence to verify their statements. This is not to disparage the witnesses, for they certainly bore every appearance of honesty and truthfulness--they simply lacked the ability to describe accurately and technically. 

These were ordinary citizens, just as those at Dexter with the exception of Mr. ___ who is said to be technical trained. But even for him the words of accurate description failed him. Further, it is one of his training, background and experience that makes him so precise and careful in statements about what he sees. Yet even he was moved to go beyond the facts to conjecture and imagination about the "space ships" that he believes he saw.

- page 36 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically the 1966-03-8671584-SOUTHERNMICHIGAN.pdf37.txt file.

Here is the text from the document:

science teachers who certainly should have been alerted and their opinions and observations solicited. Also, while we could hardly expect Mr. to have a camera ready, certainly the phenomenon did interfere with a good deal of his activity, so that he could have made a camera in action and obtained a time exposure of the light. So now let us look at the eminently case:

Mr: Now Insert D here.

In Hilladale Mr.           was clearly the best observer as far as technical background. Yet his testimony was concered, yet this knowledge of physics is not good. After I had gotten back to Ann Arbor we had a few more phone talks, and at one time he called me and wanted to inform me that he was seeing ligthts near the horizon and that these were moving slowly and that there might be binoculars the articulate lines, so perhaps the stellar display had been caused by effects of atmosphere.

refraction of starlight into a small spectrum, and at also struck me that this seems to be a man who becomes enamored with an idea and tends to lose objectivity in favor of the idea. We indicated considerable amounts in approximated all his calculations and measurements but did not accept them as fully valid.

Mr: Now put in Insert B

In putting forth the swamp gas explanation of the major Michigan sightings - I am sure that it is open to several objections. I do not know whether sightings such as the ones which occurred at Milan, Michigan and some others were swamp lights, or what they were. It may well ask why they have not been seen in those localities before. One may also ask why no other swamp lights have been observed in Michigan instead of just these two. I am also concerned that the Michigan sightings bear a general resemblance to physical phenomena which has been described as the evidence of the few people who said that they thought an object had been present. This present on the other hand, no convincing of consultant evidence was presented that any object had been seen, either as either to leave an away impression on the observers' minds. In both cases, one is still left with some residual doubt as to what was the logical explanation for the majority opinion as to what was sighted. 

In any case, I wish that a press conference had not been necessary, or, if necessary that it had been handled more expertly and adroitly. I have little to say other then the contradictory about the press opinion offered at a conference at Hilladale, and displayed no knowledge of how a press conference should be handled.

M: Now Insert F please.

In conclusion, it is my uncomfortable that so much press and public attention was paid to the Michgian settings which, as far as the UFO report go, do not compare in sub many the other. It is conceivable that this may have led many in the public to believe that thing unusual or extraordinary has been proven in this case. But I have considerable doubt that this was so. There was a possible physical explanation, fairly obvious, has not been properly to the public.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a table of contents or an index for a Project Blue Book report, listing various sections such as "REPORTS AND INVESTIGATIVE DATA", "MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION", "MEMOS FOR THE RECORD", "MAPS AND SKETCHES", "NEWS RELEASES", and "NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS".

TAB A
REPORTS AND INVESTIGATIVE DATA
TAB B 
MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION
TAB C
MEMOS FOR THE RECORD
TAB D
MAPS AND SKETCHES
TAB E
NEWS RELEASES
TAB F
NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS

- page 38 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photographs or images. It appears to be a blank page with only a mark in the top right corner that says "UNC".

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have scanned the page and found no textual content to output.

- page 39 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document describing the chemical properties and characteristics of methane gas.

Methane is a hydrocarbon, meaning that it is composed of hydrogen and carbon atoms. By looking at a chemical diagram, we see that it has the formula H-C-H, with one carbon atom and four hydrogen atoms.

Atoms of hydrogen combine with 1 atom of carbon to produce CH4 or methane. It can now be noted from its chemical formula that methane contains 5 atoms in its molecule, 4 atoms of hydrogen and 1 atom of carbon.

Methane is more dense than air, and denser than common gases, making it sink to the ground as a heavy gas. It occurs due to the decaying of animal and vegetable matter in water. It is then given off, due to the decomposition reaction, bubbling through the water.

Methane is a colorless and odorless gas, insoluble in water, and burns with a blue flame. It is highly flammable and the cause of explosions in coal mines.

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Ethel A. Pauli
509 East Oneont Street
Kewanee, Illinois
March 24, 1966

Dear Sir:

I have been very interested in the account in the Chicago Tribune of March 25-26 telling of lights seen over a swamp near Dexter, Michigan. 
I am wondering if this letter is to you because, like I, you are interested over this phenomena.

I suppose this little doubt that this manifestation is known as "will o' the wisp" - from the Latin "ignis fatuus" and it should excite little attention except for its beauty.

I have seen these lights many times when I was a child. We were in a boat on a deep swampy body of water which was an over-flow from a creek, and they surrounded us. A slight floating, shimmering body of water which was an eerie and frightening sight.

If you will look in the dictionary under "gas" you will see that the lights are due to phosphorescence that comes over the marshes. There never was a second accompanying these lights, but it may be that we were never taken enough to note.

What fantastic things this mortal mind can conjure up when the unusual presents itself!

Very truly yours,
Ethel A. Kending Pauli

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

P.O. Box 241
Pound Vernon,N.Y.
March 25,1966

Major Hector Quintanilla
Air Force UDO Project
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Dayton,Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Dr. Hynek has not already notified you of the facts I have listed below. I will most happily do so now. 

Whether or not it was intended the photograph is a hoax. It does not show UFO's but simply the planet Venus and the noon. These facts corroborate all that Mr. Hynek indicated in his letter dated March 16 while the facts fit March 17. Working from several astronomical books the information I have obtained the following information:
...(text continues with detailed information about the sighting and related astronomical phenomena)...

I hope I have been able to shed some light on these photographs if Dr. Hynek has not already done so.

Sincerely yours,
John E. Sortle

- page 42 -

The image appears to be a blank page with no visible photograph or text. It seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, but there is no content to extract or describe on this particular page.

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STATE MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 6714 (23 Mar 66) Page 5 of 5

K: MAJ F. L. BROKAW, BASE OPERATIONS OFFICER, SELFRIDGE AFB
MICH. THE INFORMATION GIVEN BY THE OBSERVER WAS RECEIVED FROM
DEPUTY STANLEY MC FADDEN, WASHTENAW COUNTY SHERIFF DEPARTMENT,
MICH. DEPUTY MC FADDEN WAS CALLED TO THE SCENE AND REPORT GIVEN
BY FRANK MANNOR. DEPUTY MC FADDEN SAW THE LIGHTS AND HEARD THE
SOUND MADE BY OBJECT, HE DID NOT VIEW THE OBJECT AS LONG NOR
AS CLOSE AS ________ , BUT IS IN AGGREMENT WITH HIM ON WHAT
HE OBSERVED. HE BELIEVES MR ________ IS RELI-BLE AND NOT GIVEN
PAGE 5 RUUTO 0a4! !'UNCLSS
TO H LI"ICIN TIONS. PRELIM IN YSIS GIVES NO B SIS FOR
DISBELIF IN THE SIGHTING NOR CUE TO ITS IDENTITY. BASED ON
THIS REPORT AND THAT OF NEWS MEDIA OF THE AREA, WHICH ALSO
COVERED MR MANNORS SIGHTING AND THAT OF OTHER UNKNOWN WITNESSES,
BELIEVE THIS TO BE A FACTUAL REPORT OF AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING
OBJECT.
L. NONE
ST
NNNN

AFHQ *** O-3090 UNCLASSIFIED

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text only.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE
AP IN: 6714 (23 Mar 66)    Page 4 of 5
  
3M  310-45
3RM 312-65
5RM 320-35 
8AM N-A
3. UNIFORM CEILING 5-10 BECOMING 9-10
4. VISIBILITY IS MILES
5. LESS THAN .5 TO .9
PAGE 4 RUWTPQA2041 UNCLAS
6. NONE
7. SURFACE PLUS +.5 DEG C
8M MINUS 1 DEG C
10M MINUS 3 DEG C
16M MINUS 16.5 DEG C
20M MINUS 27 DEG C
32M MINUS 47.5 DEG C
50M MINUS 57.5 DEG C
52M N-A
H. NONE
I. NONE
J. NONE

AFHQ ......... O-309-C
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 45 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text content only.

METEONIT FIRES MIROS
Friday, March 25, 1966 THE SECOND FRONT PAGE Page 3, Section A

Air Force to Explain 'Saucers'

What are these mysterious, glaring, flying objects that have caused so much furor in Southwestern Michigan this week?

The Air Force said Thursday it is going to conduct a scientific, logical investigation to try to determine just what these objects really are.

The Air Force investigation, said Maj. Hector Quintanilla Jr., chief of the Aerial Phenomena Office (APO) in Dayton, O., is "beginning to shape up." We hope to have a preliminary explanation as a result of our investigation", he said.

QUINTANILLA is the project officer in charge of the Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) office.

The Air Force, which has been collecting UFO reports for nearly 20 years, has received 11,057 reports since 1947. But Quintanilla said he didn't indicate which of them might fit the current Michigan situation.

But enough people have called the Air Force to indicate their bafflement over the Michigan sightings, which many think may be "flying saucers".

HONES QUINTANILLA, a astrophysicist at Northwestern University, has been looking into these cases for the Air Force and says that so far he has found no evidence to indicate that any of the mysterious objects are the result of interplanetary spacecraft.

HE EXPLAINED that this means that there isn't proof to show that the objects are from Mars or Venus or some place down on us with their anti-gravity-powered space saucers.

So the Air Force explanation isn't meant to satisfy those who watched the objects zipping over Dexter, Hillsdale, Watervliet, Clinton Township and various other places.

It may agree with Alfred Dicken, of York, Pa., a maintenance man for the York County Gas Co., who says that saucers and other phenomena are merely balls of "swamp gas" escaping from swamps and marshes.

Also called "Jack-o-lanterns," they may have a scientific explanation, says the Air Force.

- page 46 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a text-based report describing an observation of an unidentified flying object near Ann Arbor, Michigan.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

Page 3 of 5

AP IN: G714 (23 Mar 66)

LOCATION OF OBSERVER GN 8 MILES NW OF ANN ARBOR OUTSIDE OF SMALL
PAGE 3 RUNTPCG2041 UNCLAS
TOWN OF DEXTER 83596W 4219N.

OBSERVER:
1. (NAME REDACTED), DEXTER, MICH. AGE 47, 
FARMER. APPEARS RELIABLE, HAS HUNTED FREQUENTLY IN THIS AREA AND
STATES POSITIVELY THE LIGHTS WERE NOT FIRES CAUSED BY NATURAL GAS
IN THE SWAMP OR MARSHLAND.

WEATHER AND WINDS
1. CLEAR
WINDS GN
SURFACE 210-15
GM 310-25 
16M 329-35 (GUSTS OF CLOUD COVER)
16M 310-68 (OCCASIONAL)

- page 47 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AP IN: 6714 (23 Mar 66)

Page 2 of 5

5. N-A
PAGE 2 RWTPGA2241 UNCLAS
6. RED LIGHT ON ONE SIDE, GREEN ON THE OTHER WITH WHITE
GLOW IN CENTER. TWO OBJECTS LIKE ANTENNA POINTING DOWN.
7. N-A
8. LIKE A RICOCHETING BULLET
9. NONE
B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECTS
1. NOISE AND LIGHTS
2. WESTERLY CLOSE TO GROUND
3. SAME
4. ONE APPEARED TO BE IN TROUBLE, GOING UP AND DOWN WHILE THE
OTHERS STAYED OVERHEAD. AT ONE POINT IT DIPPED SO CLOSE TO THE
GROUND IT APPEARED TO HAVE TOUCHED OR LANDED.
5. DISAPPEARED QUICKLY TO THE WEST
6. THREE HOURS
C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION. 1. GROUND-VISUAL 2. BINOCULARS
3. N-A
D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING
1. 21-0132Z TO 21-0333Z MAR

AFHO ****** 0-309C

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 48 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, possibly related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

Page 1 of 5

AP IN: 6714 (23 Mar 66) H/JSP
ACTION: NIN-7

INFO: SARGS-3, XOP-1, XOPX-2, DIA-1 (15), ADV CY DIA
SB 690GE-TU JAM-RUIPT4AG4I 281-46-0000-R165GA.

ZNR UUUUU
P 222230Z
FM 1STCBTPTGP SELFRIDGE AFB MICH
TO RUMTVFA-ADC
RUCPHP-26 AIR DIV STEWART AFB N Y
RUEBBAA-AFSC ANDREWS AFB MD
RUEBBJA-HQCOMD USAF
RUEBHQA-OSAF WASH DC

BT
UNCLAS 1G8OT 29013.
FOR HQ USAF, ATTN GLN AFNIN. FOR SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE
ATTN GLN SAFOI. FOR AFSC ATTN GLN FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION.
UFO REPORT IAW PARA 14 AFR 200-2

A. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT
1. LIKE TWO SOUP BOWLS PLACED ONE ON TOP OF OTHER (DOMED)
2. CAR OR SMALL BUNGALOW (CAR SHAPED IN BUNGALOW)
3. BROWN

A. FOUR

AFHO form 0-3O9C UNCLASSIFIED

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

INVEST. COM'T.:
UPON RETURNING to the patrol vehicle, the underslgned officers returned to the road and directed the vehicle where the lights were sighted to.

TALK WITH WITNESS: Witness stated that he had observed the two lights coming from the swamp, and had awakened his son to watch the lights. The witness stated that as these two lights approached the vehicle, one would appear to be larger and higher than the other. At the instant the lights were observed, the witness stated "what is that thing?". and as the two (2) small lights disappeared, the witness stated "there goes something". At the Instant of observation, the small lights went out, and in just an Instant re-appeared across the road nearer to the witness vehicle. The witness stated that this time thing the lights would blink and appear intermittently for a couple of minutes, then went out, and the witness could not locate the object again.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: The object was observed to be of an oval shape, slightly smaller than the headlights of the vehicle. No sound was heard. The object appeared to be brilliant in color, almost a bluish-green. Two small lights appeared to be at the outer edges of the object. When the vehicle or object illuminated, the lighting would change color and appear to be pulsating. After a few minutes of observing the object, some of the exterior body appeared to be viewed.

PERSONS OBSERVING OBJECT: MILLER, Delmer, R., White, male, age 27, Residence: Dixboro, Mich., Route, Dexter, Mich.

FURTHER DETAILS:  Shortly after the UFO was deserted from the scene, CHELSEA POLICE DEP'T. reported sighting a similar object over the SILVER LAKE AREA about 2:15 A.M. While making this report, the dispatcher advised that two school teachers in that area had also reported seeing a similar object at high rate of speed as it passed over their location.

A further sighting of 3 similar bluish-green lights was reported near the woods and swamp, North Side of M-52 territory. Road, northwest of here, within few minutes. These lights disappeared and were not observed again. Further details not available.

DISPOSITION: FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS.

Respectfully Submitted,
[REDACTED]
Det. Sgt.

- page 50 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

WASH . ENAW COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT
Comp. No . 01058
Comp. Name Bob Wagner
Nature of Comp. UFO
Address Dexter Body Shop
Dexter Mich.
Location Between 5 & • M. Terr.
6120 E
Date Received 3-20-66
Phone No.: Res. Bus. Time 8:30 P
Telephone XXXX Radio Letter in Per Received by Dep. Kelly
Officers Assigned Dep. McFadden & Fitzpatrick and Car #34
Time Assigned 8:35 FM
Details of Comp. Comp. called and stated that there was a strange object in the sky, the wings lit up and went out. It was on the ground for about 50 ft and came down making a lot of noise.
INVESTIGATION: Dispatched to investigate location and made contact with the complainant at the address mentioned. Complainant advised that an object was presently located in the swamp, to the rear of his property, was a bright light and he could not identify the object. He stated it had been there approximately (1) hour, and was on the ground. Object had been observed approximately 300 ft. from witness residence, he stated that lights were observed upon the object, and it then rose from the ground, and was last observed moving away at a high rate of speed, and its flight was characterized as brilliant in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty in its attitude and motion.
the object for some time, and then proceeded into the woods, and made an attempt to locate the object, and to see what it was. Upon reaching the vicinity of where the object had been, the officers were unable to locate or identify the object.
ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officer, in company with the complainant, proceeded to the location mentioned, on Quigley Road, where a bright point was obtained, being in direct line with the location of the object, as described by the complainant. At this point, the patrol vehicle was secured, and the aforementioned procedure was followed.
While in the woods area, a brilliant light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light diminished in brilliance. As of the time noted in the report, the object was no longer visible.
Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met by others who had gathered to observe the incident, and the undersigned officers informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where the complainant had earlier observed the object, and that the object had been observed as it left the area at a high rate of speed.

OVER: D/F

- page 51 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a document page from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969. The page contains a detailed report describing an encounter with an unidentified aerial object on March 25, 1966 in southern Michigan.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Departed Young Field 1135 for Ann Arbor Airport (State Street) Contacted a Mr. Arnold Field Unit (they have a total of 6 aircraft, but he heard of no one unusual. Mr. Arnold said they had an electrical advertising sign but haven't used it for last two months). Then contacted Kenneth Bob McConnell at the Municipal Airport Building. Result there was also negative. He does know the reporter and much activity at airport. He has a helicopter. Departed 1215 for show Post Hotel to meet Dr. Hynek who arrived at the hotel at 1300. He did not show up so we left for Chelsea at 1400 arrived at Chelsea at 1450. Talked with two Chelsea policemen who were reported sighting a UFO Sunday night. Their names are Clyde Meyers and Charles Sharpe. They did not know how they got into this they were an A & C and still think it was an A & C. They saw a bright light, one and 3 little ones, one would disappear and come back the back. Time - 1130 - 1145 pm.

direction of flight
slow

They described the object and its flight and it was agreed that this was an aircraft. (possibility a jet w/afterburner?) Dr. Hynek arrived at 1615 and he also agreed that there was nothing to indicate that it wasn't an a/c.

It was generally agreed that the glowing object seen in the swamp by the farmer and his son the Ann Arbor policemen was marsh gas.

Later that evening we received a telephone call from the airmen assisting Dr. Hynek. They said a UFO was sighted near Ann Arbor and they would pick us up to go out there. Evidently they got their wires crossed as they left without us and we didn't know where the sighting was. Mr. Fitzpatrick was back and he returned the photos that he had taken on 17 March 1966. He was a time exposure of the crescent moon and Venus. It was taken early in the morning. When the crescent moon was low on the eastern horizon and rising and Venus was a little to the left and slightly higher than the moon.

25 March 1966

Left Ann Arbor area 1300 for W-P AFB and arrived at W-P AFB at 1600.

- page 52 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a UFO sighting report.

The text in the document is as follows:

Trip Report - Sgt David N Moody
A3C William Elmer, Michigan Area
23 March 1966 

Checked out of PTD at 1916 hours, arrived at Ypsilanti approximately 2330 hours, spent night at Mayflower Motel, Ypsilanti.

24 March 1966
Departed Mayflower 0830 hours. Arrived at Willow Run Airport 0900 and talked with Capt Harold Klinger, Intelligence Officer, Michigan Inter-Service Photographic Center. Informed us that they had not been flying missions at night for the last two months. Mr. Silverster of Conductor Corp. They sent a plane and Mr. Silverster checked out the previous records and found them to be authentic but could not find any copy that we had requested.

Departed Willow Run 0935 hours for the County Court House in Ann Arbor. Arrived at the County Court House at 1000 hours. There we got a map of the county and found the location of the Sheriff's office and the Ann Arbor Newspapers Office.

Arrived at the Sheriff's office where Sgt Moody called into the office to find out if Sgt Bryk had called. He said and was informed that he would meet us at the Lamp Post Motel in Ann Arbor at 1:00 p.m. Also, we got a copy of a cartoon that someone mentioned that I had never heard of. The director said they did not have any copies of the newspaper clippings in this district. 

We spoke briefly with Deputy Sheriff McMadden who had witnessed the sighting from about 8:30 to 12:05 pm Sunday night, 20 March 1966. He was the first saw the object due north at Point A on the county map. He thought it was a radio tower light over Oregon which was north of Point B the light was observed in the south. He said the light was about 3/4 mile away. Compared it to size of back end of a truck and about as bright as a radio tower light. We didn't probe too deeply into his sighting.

Departed Sheriff's Office 10:23 hours for newspaper office (Ann Arbor News). Arrived 1050 hours. Got newspaper dated Mon, Wed, 20,21/22 March 1966.

Departed Newspaper office 1100 hours for Young Field (small private airport) from there we phoned the owner (Dr Metty), phone 663-7331, 216 South State Street, Ann Arbor, Michigan.

He said there may have been somebody up at night from there but no records were kept. Sgt Moody asked him if he should pour a note asking if any pilots had observed anything unusual from the air and if they had, to forward the information to U-P ARD and he said he would.

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document discussing sightings of unusual glowing lights over swamps near Dexter and Hillsdale in southern Michigan.

The text in the document states:

The rotting vegetation produces marsh gas which can be trapped during the winter but when the spring thaw occurs, the gas may be released in some quantity. The flames, Minnaert says, is a form of chemical luminescence, and its low temperature is one of its peculiar characteristics. The exact nature of this light is not known and could well be the subject of further investigation.

The glowing lights over the swamps near Dexter and Hillsdale were observed for two or three hours, and they were red, green, and yellow. They appeared to move sideways and to rise a short distance. No sound was heard except a popping sound.

It seems entirely likely that as the present spring thaw came, the trapped gases, CH4, H2S, and PH3, were released. The chemistry book by Sienko and Plane, p. 333, discusses formation of phosphine (PH3) which might be formed by reduction of naturally occurring phosphorus compounds. The will-o'-the-wisp is sometimes observed in marshes, and may be due to spontaneous ignition of impure PH3 which might be formed by reduction of naturally occurring phosphorus compounds.

The association of the glowings with swamps in this particular instance is more than coincidence. No group of witnesses observed any craft coming or going away from the swamps. The glow was localized, and Deputy Fire-Erickson described the glow from beyond a rise adjacent to the swamp as visible through the trees. He stated that the light was smooth and continuous, and this description exactly fits the Hillsdale sighting also. The brightness and dimming could have been due to the release of variable quantities of marsh gas.

The discussion of the lights when people got close with flashlights or car lights would indicate that the glow seemed to brighten or darken, adapted eyes. The light was dark and there was no moon. The Hillsdale girls kept their rooms dark in order to see the swamp lights.

It is likely that the glow observed in this particular winter (an unusually mild one in that area) and the particular weather conditions of that night, it was clear and there was little wind at either location, were such as to have produced this unusual and puzzling display.

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a typed document that describes the investigation of two UFO sightings in Michigan, one in Dexter on March 20, 1966, and one in Hillsdale on March 21, 1966. The document discusses the details of the sightings, the observations made by witnesses, and the investigation conducted by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a scientific consultant for Project Blue Book.

Air Force Statement Regarding the UFO Sightings at Dexter, Michigan, on March 20, 1966, and Hillsdale, Michigan, on March 21, 1966

The investigation of these two sightings was conducted by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, scientific consultant for Project Blue Book at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

In addition to these two specific cases, there has been a flood of reports from this area before and after March 20 and 21. The investigating personnel have not had the time to investigate all of these. It has been determined, however, that in Hillsdale, over and above the sincere and honest reporting by the young ladies at Hillsdale College, certain young men have played around with flares. It has also been determined that in Dexter, a local newsman on March 17, just before the incident, purchased a strobe light which could possibly account for the press scare which arose just before the Hillsdale sightings. The photograph clearly shows trails made as a result of a time exposure of the rising crescent moon and the planet Venus.

The majority of observers in both the Dexter and Hillsdale cases have reported seeing only a distant glow - a red, yellow, and blue-green. They have not described an object. The only two observers who did describe all details have stated that they were no closer than 500 yards - better than a quarter of a mile away - a distance which does not allow for detail to be determined.

Witnesses have described glowing lights - lights that seem to move but never take a definite place or lights which suddenly disappear and pop up at another place. The locals in both cases were familiar with the location of the glow and pinpointed it. At Hillsdale it was seen in a swampy depression between the girls' and the distant trees. It was in both cases a very localized phenomena. The swampy location is most significant.

Swamps are a place of emission and decomposition. Swamps are not a province of astronomers. Yet, the famous Dutch astronomer, Minnaert, in his book, Light and Colour in the Open Air, describes lights that have been seen in swamps by the astronomer Bessel and other observers. The lights resemble only faintly something celestial. The lights sometimes white, sometimes red, and sometimes blue-green. No heat is felt, and the lights do not turn or char the ground. They can appear for hours at a stretch and sometimes for a whole night. Generally, there is no smell and no sound except the popping sound sometimes when a gas is released.

The Hillsdale and Dexter sightings are identical with this description. The colors are sometimes yellow, sometimes red, and sometimes blue-green. No heat was felt, and the lights did not turn or char the ground. They appeared for varying periods, sometimes short, sometimes as long as a stretch. Generally, there was no smell and no sound.

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to a Project Blue Book investigation of sightings in southern Michigan on March 20 and March 21, 1966.

REPORT OF THE INVESTIGATION OF THE DEXTER, MICHIGAN SIGHTING OF 20 MARCH AND THE HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN SIGHTINGS OF 21 MARCH 1966

The two sightings at Dexter and Hillsdale, respectively, may be called the crucial sightings which became the focal point of local attention (and later of nationwide) and had associated with them a veritable barrage of other reports which were later out association with the principal events under discussion here. It is possible that many of these were the result of the general excitement surrounding these events and of suggestibility on the part of those who reported them. However, there were reports of odd sightings, particularly in the Milan area, a few nights previous to the sightings discussed. It would have taken an arm of investigators to have run down all of these. In the course of our investigation, I spoke with the following people:

County Sheriff Berna - Washtenaw County
County Commissioner (1974-1982) Don Hadden
Deputy Eli Pippstsrlock
Patrolman Kenneth J. Young
Colonel David J. Miller

Unit of [NAME], Astronomer Dept (11 members)
Univ of [NAME], Faculty: members
Mr. [NAME], Grad Stu., Phys Dept.
Chief John Palmer - Clarence Police
[NAME]
[NAME]
Patrolman Gilbert M. Gross
Patrolman George Schuch
(NOTE: Sunderman, Demars and Addison were contacted by ABC merely)

- page 56 -

The image contains a photograph of an article or document from the "Project Blue Book" UFO report. The article is titled "WPAFB Probes Hoax In Saucer Case" and provides details about an alleged UFO sighting in southern Michigan, including a quote from a spokesman for the Air Force who discusses the investigation.

WPAFB Probes Hoax In Saucer Case

A local spokesman for the Air Force stated that a hoax. has been indicated in a recent UFO sighting near Michigan City, Indiana. According to the report, the spokesman said that a "reasonably conclusive investigation" has indicated that the objects sighted were probably a hoax and not a genuine UFO. Quinatilla, project officer for the national Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, said that the hoax "could have been made up" and that the investigation has not uncovered any evidence that would indicate the presence of a genuine UFO. Quinatilla stated that a press conference will probably be held to discuss the findings of the investigation. The report mentions that several other recent UFO sightings in the area around Hillsdale, Michigan, under the direction of Dr. Hynek, have also been found to be hoaxes.

- page 57 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

My OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

My questions were specifically directed toward determining what was visibly perceived and towards pinpointing the location and extent and duration of the phenomenon.

Case A - Dexter, Michigan

There follows the original report received at the Washtenaw County Sheriff's Department at 9:35 pm on 20 March 1966, which can't be said to initiated

Complainant called and stated that there was a strange object in the swamp at the end of the road. It was on the ground, went up in air about 500' and came down making a lot of noise.

INVESTIGATION: Dispatched to the above location, and made contact with the complainant. Complainant advised that an unidentified object was presently located in the swamp, to the rear of aforementioned location, and had been so located for approximately (1) one-half hour. Complainant further related that the object had been observed to rise to an altitude of approximately 500 feet, and then descend to the ground. Subject stated that lights were also observed upon the object, and that the lighting turned from a brilliant red to a brilliant white in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty in getting off of the ground.

and his companion, watched the object for some time, and then proceeded into the woods and swamp, in an attempt to locate the object, and to see what it was. Both

within the swamp at the time of arrival of the undersigned officers. 

ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officer, in company with the complainant, proceeded along Dexter-Pinckney Road to Territorial Road, and then turned onto Quigley Road, where a vantage point was obtained, being in direct line with the location where the object had been observed.

- page 58 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a typed document or report.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

Houses, and the area of the objects observation. At this point, the patrol vehicle was secured, and the afore mentioned proceeded into the woods, in an attempt to locate the stream edge and the object. While in the woods, a brilliant light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light dimmed in brilliance. As the afore mentioned approached the upper ridge, and edge of the woods, the brilliant light again appeared, and then disappeared.

A continued search of the area was conducted, through swamp, and high grass, with negative results.

Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met by others who had gathered to observed, and the undersigned officer were informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where our flashlight beams had been seen, and had then departed in a west direction at high rate of speed. Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers returned to the command post and address, where the above persons were interviewed.

THIS IS TO STATE that he had observed the lights coming from the swamp, and had awakened his son, who then proceeded into the swamp in an attempt to find out the object which was producing the light. Upon entering the lower edge of the swamp, where the stream had been located, it was stated that an object was observed. At the instant of observation the small lights went out, and in just an instant, re-appeared across the swamp, a distance of about 500 yards. At this time, the object became illuminated from a brilliant source of light, which flowed horizontal between two (2) small lights. After this display, the object disappeared from sight.

- page 59 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: Object was observed to be of a brown coloring, appearing to be quilted type outside surface. Object appeared to be flat upon the bottom, and cone shaped toward the top, however, being low in height. Two small lights appeared to be at the outer edges of the object, glowing in a bluish-green light, and intensifying to a brilliant red in color. When the vehicle or object illuminated, the lighting was a yellow-white in color, and ran horizontal between the two outer lights, allowing some of the object to be viewed. Outer coll appeared to be rough in texture.

PERSONS OBSERVED OBJECT: Witness(es) name(s) redacted.

MISSION OF PROJECT SIGHTED: Shortly after the UFO was departed from the scene, CHELSEA POLICE DEPARTMENT reported sighting a similar object over the Village of Chelsea, hovering, and then departing at a high rate of speed in a westerly direction.

A further sighting of similar bluish-green lights was reported near the woods and gravel-paved road on R (Territorial) Road, between 22 Mile and Pebble-Church Road, in Webster Twp., County of Washtenaw, by Washtenaw County Sheriff Patrol #19, however, when attempt was made to get closer, the object disappeared.

- page 60 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DISPOSITION: FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS.
STATUS: U CLOSED OPEN

Mr. [REDACTED], the complainant, is the son-in-law of Mr. [REDACTED] who made the original sighting. Mr. [REDACTED] was about to enter his house from a front yard, when, according to him, he noticed a bright light out of the corner of his eye. He thought at first it was a setting star which he said immediately stopped and then over a period of five to seven minutes, the object was maneuvered south of his home where it hovered and then vanished. Mr. [REDACTED] called his son-in-law, the complainant, from the house to watch the sighting and together they watched the glow of light behind the trees. Apparently at this time Mr. [REDACTED] made the report to the Sherriff's office. Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley were dispatched to the area and in an interview with Mr. [REDACTED] and particularly with his son-in-law, the complainant, the complaint stated that upon arrival at the farm house, Mr. [REDACTED] and Liaison were already making a trek to the swamp area to look in an attempt to locate the "object". [REDACTED] and his son did not carry an lights, gave a cigarette lighter (it seems strange since the night was dark, being the new Moon) The Deputies thereupon proceeded to the point marked A on figure #1, where they parked their car. They then proceeded towards the glowing along a path marked by a dotted line (a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B). From point B, Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley continued the search, but the lights disappeared and were not observed again. Further search of the area was made with negative results.

- page 61 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a written document, likely a report or transcript related to Project Blue Book. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and transcribe the text from the document:

vehicle the lights would have proceeded with a lumpy motion because of the irregularities in the terrain. Mr. indicated that the glow in various parts of the swamp lasted for 2 - 3 hours. 

The stories of Mr. and Deputies Mc Fadden do not of exactly agree here but this might be due to their different advantage points.

During their trek towards the swamp (incidently they never arrived at their objective, furthermore never getting closer than 300 yards) they stated that as they came closer to the swamp they saw an oval object depicted in figures 3 & 4. Deputy Mc Fadden advised that he was close to the object and indicated to me that he had not seen the object himself. Manner and his son described the vehicle as a brownish oval with a green and white light at the opposite ends of the longitudial axis and a bright red elongated light in between the two.

When the officers returned to their patrol car they found two other patrol cars there. Deputy Gaskill and his wife/were in one car, and Officer Gorsuch the returning officers whether they had seen the lights directly above them. Gaskill stated that four lights were hovering directly above the officers while they were conducting their search in the swamp. One of the lights came directly towards his car, causing it to slightly to the right. Mrs. Gaskill had rolled the window down and peering out, stated that she observed the ball of light to pass very close to the car. Officer Gaskill had turned the car motor off to check whether any sound came from the ball of light. As he restarted the car motor, the lights disappeared.

- page 62 -

There is no photograph present in this document. However, as per your request, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

On Tuesday, March 8th I traveled to Hillsdale with Ann [REDACTED] and his driver - to investigate the Hillsdale case. We called first at the home of [REDACTED], County Civil Defense Director and neighbor of [REDACTED], Funeral Home. He has his pilots license, was in the Air Force and is a very knowledgeable and objective person. 

Mrs. [REDACTED] had "seen" an object the first call, a report from the girls dormitory - there were blue, red and white lights visible through the dormitory near the ground. Van Hom went to the back roof of his house and for 15 minutes scanned the skies and could see nothing. He said he did see a white light in the sky which appeared to change altitude from 210 to 270 degrees. His wife and son David observed it for about 20 minutes. He said it wasn't a star, and not an aircraft because it remained in the field of the binoculars for five minutes. But he could not identify what the object was.

- page 63 -

The image appears to contain a text document, but it does not appear to contain any photograph or image. 

Here is the text extracted from the document:

proceeded towards the glowing along a path marked by a dotted line (a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point D).

From point D, Deputy Fitzpatrick observed a glow emitting from point marked G. Point G is also indicated on a map of the region. 

Points A, B G & M are also indicated on figure 2. Deputy Fitzpatrick reported that the glow reported at G brightened and dimmed slowly. "It was thought stage lights were being brightened and dimmed." Deputy Fitzpatrick never observed anything other than a glow. He did not even observe the glow to rise to the tree top level as Manor and his son indicated it had.

While Deputy McFadden busied himself in another direction in the swamp. Deputy Fitzpatrick proceeded towards the glow. The deputies were informed that the flashlights were visible to Mr Manor and his son who said had now returned to the farm and were observing the deputies search from afar. Deputy Fitzpatrick stated to me that as he and his flashlight approached the glow, the source was apparently hidden by a slight rise in the terrain, the glow disappeared. 

Deputy Fitzpatrick did not see it again. He reported that the glow disappeared rather than faded, so he was convinced that the glow had not been an ordinary source of light.

- page 64 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document describing a series of events.

He saw nothing in the area of the sky to the northeast. This was reported to the girls but they called back a 110 (Barbara, or.n) they stood together, don't want you to think we are crackpots, but the thing is coming down. It was straight east of the dormitory and probably 1/2 miles away. We called the State Police as well as the city police who arrived shortly, investigated the area and reported there was nothing to be seen. Because the 6 girls continued to see something they decided to go to the dorm story. He was saw Mrs. housemot her at the dormitory, who took them to the second floor of the dormitory. They went to the room of miss and. The girls said the room dark and windows opened and were looking down towards a swampy depression in the country side. Van Horn observed the lights circular, for the first time that. After getting miss 's statement, she proceeded to the dormitory and talked with Mrs. to look us up to the same room where the same girls were interviewed. They were most cooperative and Miss the attached picture. Both girls told me that attention was first called by a casual glance out of the window which leads to a remark by one of them "there's no house down there is there?" or words to that effect. A fairly bright i red light and two yellowish lights resembling "Christmas tree lights" according to the girls, were close to the ground in the marsh area, where they obviously knew there was no house.

- page 65 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

Transcription of the text:

"They reported no tangible or identifiable object. They did remark, although there was much confusion, that several of the girls saw a very bright light, very large, with several smaller lights around it, which the witness was not able to estimate the size or distance. This constitutes a story relative to this, in contrast to the more consistent description to the lights in the swamp.

According to the witness, the lights were surrounded by a glow which rose every once in a while to about 1-0 feet above the swamp, appearing to get brighter as it rose. Their rather quickly dimming out as they got some higher. It appeared, the witness said, as though it wished to avoid the periodic sweep of a nearby airplane beacon.

Van born stated that his first impression of the lights were that they were marsh lights, otherwise known as fox lights.

He told me that he was about to say that this was what they actually were, just as the girls were thought he had the solution, the red light on the right and the white light on the left (as location or these lights did not agree with the girls description) started to get more brilliant. It was at this time that the lights appeared to rise. The lights made a whistling sound and seemed to four times between 1130 pm 31 March and 1 am 22 March. Van born thought that between the two lights he could see a mass and thought it was oblong shaped. The girls, however, had described only a red light at that position.

The arrows on the sketch indicate, according to the girls, the ascent of the horizontal and vertical motion of the lights."

- page 66 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of text from what seems to be a Project Blue Book report.

Van-orn that he had a photograph of a U.F.O. I visited this chap at Hillsdale and discovered that, as far as I was concerned, it at give him 50 for a print, just for the record, which I have not yet received. I will not also report at this time the many per. l-r.'d. , o.n.v. I had with individual policemen from the Office of the Sheriff of Washtenaw County at Ann Arbor, Michigan (Sheriff Brennan, and a number of his deputies) members of the Chelsea Police Department (Chief John Palmer, Clive Myers, and Charles Sharpe and a number of his men), and the police in Dester Michigan (Captain Taylor and his men, who originally investigated the case) will be dealing the futile long discussion I had with Colonel Miller, civilian Defense Chief in Ann Arbor, who appears to be a very practical and blunt man who told me, in a nutshell, that he took no stock in any of the reports that had been going around. I might point out, that all through the investigation I made discreet inquiries relative to character reference and general reliability of these other witnesses, and came away with the general impression that I had been dealing with seasoned and careful investigators. hi rather

- page 67 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text about "Brand New Saucers" and discussing sightings of flying saucers in southern Michigan.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

Brand New Saucers

Anyone who thinks General Motors is the only outfit might to consider the company that manufactures all those flying saucers. Now there's a whopping business.

Saucers come in all sizes and designs as people in southern Michigan, who sighted some the other night, will attest. There's the familiar glow model which discreetly camouflages itself as a star. There's the distinctive hovering model equipped with a variety of flashing lights. Then there's the sports model that literally can disappear in a flash. (Racing stripe options:)

While last year's saucers won wide response from outlines, the new 1966 models are streamlined and sleeker than ever, their greatest year ever.

Stan McFadden, a Washtenaw county, Mich. sheriff's deputy, saw a saucer one night just a few weeks ago. "I couldn't believe it," Frank Mannor of Dexter, Mich. said, "It wasn't like the pictures of a flying saucer and it had a coral-like glow. He added that it was pear-shaped and had a porthole. Obviously, Mr. Mannor was viewing the donut-shaped model with twin nuclear engines.)

Of course, there are some who won't believe Mr. Mannor or Deputy McFadden. Even pictures of these dooke foreign craft get the push-pushsh. But those who appreciate a good machine know that somewhere in space there's a giant assembly line where thousands of little green men in safety shoes are pounding and welding, wiring and painting. 

Now if someone would just catch the license number of one of those saucers--maybe DXT could send a franchise.

- page 68 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing a UFO sighting report.

[TEXT FROM DOCUMENT]:

with men unencured to reporting matters outside their normal line of duty, I have a stran ge feeling that the data I have is not sufficient for reporting singular rates, angular distances in the sky, brightnesses, and in general, time motion sequences. I was forced, therefore, to take into account and regard as facts, only such things which had been reported fairly consistently by several witnesses. The doubt cast upon certain witnesses by other witnesses did not inspire in me a feeling of confidence as to the quality and reliability of the data. I must use or I was obliged to use from which to draw my conclusions. I therefore felt that the only expedient thing to do was to concentrate on the consistent aspects of the stories from Dexter and Hillsdale and place into another category the host of the individual and generally mutually conflicting bits of testimony offered by the men individuals I talked to during my three day study.

I therefore decided to look at the common pattern which seemed to be developing in the Dexter and Hillsdale cases. These had many interesting points in common. First, the lights were definitely associated with a swamp area. While it was true that various individuals reported lights traveling in the sky at some other times, those times of sky lights did not seem to fit the general pattern of the Dexter and Hillsdale cases.

- page 69 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text.

OCR text output:

and in those general vicintites. I could form a no consistent picture whatever of these alloged events. On the contrary,

I could form a consistent picture of what apparently was observed over the swamp at Dexter and SW at Hillsdale. In both cases

reddish, whitish, and green lights were

reported plus a general yellowish glow. The spectacular

lights, when reported, were stated to be of limited area. One

of the few at Hillsdale described lights in the sky as Christmas

tree lights. Other girls at Hillsdale agreed but stated that a

yellowish glow surrounding and developed the different lights.

The similarity between the Dexter lights and the Hillsdale lights

was striking. Not only as to color and intensity, but motion as

well. The motion was described in both cases as smooth and

slow with a tendency to disappear rather suddenly and reappear

elsewhere. Most observers described a smooth horizontal motion and while

other girls from Hillsdale said the lights seemed to get excited and moved

erratically when car lights and flash lights came into the vicinity, the

major behaviour was described as persistent, smooth and slow.

- page 70 -

The image does not contain any photographs. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text found in the document:

I had hoped to be able to gather more data and, with the help of some of my northwestern staff who were willing to come to the area with me and help in the interrogation and so to be able to examine many of the individual reports not associated directly with the seramps, but funds were not available for bringing in any of my associates, who are excellent interrogators in this field, and further, since the interest and excitement generated in these cases was mounting to fever pitch it seemed expedient, in fact mandatory, to have or hold a press conference and make a progress report. Until the evening before I was to make such a statement, I was still puzzled as to a natural explanation for event the consistent sightings. Fortunately, I have a number of friends in the academic community at Ann Arbor and I whose invaluable aid I enlisted.
I would like to give credit to the scientists I /worked/ talked with until very late into thennight but they prefer to remain anonymous. I am sure, however, that should their testimony be officially required, rather than for the press, their cooperation could very easily be obtained.

- page 71 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document containing information about certain gases and lights associated with UFO sightings.

It was from these academic gentlemen that I obtained the information on marsh gas and the lights frequently associated with it.

It appears that rotting vegetation in the swamps produced certain gases in ample quantities. Methane is odorless. This is not but since it is present in relatively small quantities one does not smell it unless one overturns a shovel full of swamp material which would tend when released to give a distinct odor I am told.

In addition, phosphine gas is produced by the reduction of phosphorous compounds in the marsh material. These three gases are ordinary do not spontaneously ignite. I am told that a small quantity in the fog does burn with a highly flame like and eerie aspect reminiscent of ignitish, which then apparently can serve to ignite the other gases.

The phenomena of swamp lights is apparently, quite well known, and references to it are ample in the literature. Even in ordinary technical literature these lights, variously as will-o'-the-wisp, ignis, fatuus, corpse lights etc. have had many stories wove around them including such stories as the souls of the departed as well as elemental mythological entities.

- page 72 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text about a UFO report.

Text from the document:

Theoretically, they are treated to the look to win, and immediate access. Light and colour in the open sky, by mankind and chemical. By Sienko and Plank. If there the lights are described even into their colors red, yellow, white and green thus making the colors described by the elements of the distance. It is stated that in those looks the illuminant, is a form of low temperature chemical luminescence which does not char or burn grass, etc. The lights general are evanescent, burning there for a moment or so going out, and appearing some feet or yards as another plume of gas spontaneously ignites. This sporadic lighting is generally soundless although sometimes a rumpling noise is heard (this may be the origin of the "riotous sound" Mr. Hangar recorded). The illusion of motion can easily be carried by the sporadic appearance of of a pulse of light here and there. The lights have never been described as their original. They would be visible heat or a clear motion of air which deduced by a glass of water placed by later would quick disappear as the gas as it bubbled up from underneath.

It appears to me that all the major conditions for the appearance of swamp lights were satisfied both at Dafter and Hillsdale. I can't state with an certainty that this is the correct solution to the problem, except that it is the most likely natural cause. I would be very appreciate learning of any other possible natural causes should they be forthcoming. We can, I believe, completely eliminate an solution based on balloons, lights, meteors, stars, etc. because they simply do not fit the consistent data reported to me.

- page 73 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

I therefore presented this likely explanation at the press conference. The entire matter of a full dress press conference was most singular, so as to continue I would rather present [careful] and consistent evidence and conclusions, to a body of scientific colleagues than to a roaring path of news hounds whose chief interest appears to be in getting a quick story. I recommend once again, as I have often in the past in my capacity as scientific consultant, that the ufo phenomena which has now plagued us for a score of years and has been reasonably for countless words in newspapers during the time, should be recognized as a scientific and sociological principle of our times and studied as such by competent men in these various fields. Since the first requisition of an scientific investigation is concerned for the quality of the basic data much more attention should be paid to the immediate gathering and processing of such data, I would urge upon you to mount a more specific program designed to standardize and control the gathering of this problem. Based on a score or more of cases or evidences with which I am familiar, it seems appropriate at this time. All notes obtained were gathered all through my working tours on the three days are available in my files.

- page 74 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a blank page with no discernible content.

TRANSCRIPT:

(No text found on the page)

- page 75 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with handwritten text. 

APPENDIX "A"

The text in the image describes an unidentified flying object sighting in southern Michigan on March 8, 1966. It discusses the witness's observations, including the size, shape, and movements of the object, as well as the witness's reaction and subsequent investigation. The text does not mention or identify any individuals involved.

- page 76 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract all the text from the document:

At long last now, the Doctor and Hillsdale people have said they have the hard facts, the proofs, the camera description after getting out as much or the rubberish explanation as I have been able to do in this short time.

The majority of our reports in both cases appeared very insignificant. Yellow and green, which claimed lights, were the caught. They have not described as sharp. Some of the color was dazzling, and some of the light bulb appearance, but definite very indistinct. The objects themselves appeared in the case I have examined to be delicate, have a vehicle like frail appearance of very thin material or shell, which made it seem very much like a reflection of light rather than a solid object. Now what is that locate in each instance? In both cases a group in some ways the location of the objects was not purposeful. It was often seen in a strange fashion between the trees, and at Hillsdale it was seen in a very localized background. I think this is a most significant point.

A special stamp is a mark indicating a place for a draft from another source, where a particular number would be placed if there was a number, or where a particular official would sign if there was an official. Now what is a stamp? It is a place of putting markings and a means of comparison. Stamps are not the normal writings of the superintendent. He normally had the type writer.

- page 77 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document is as follows:

The object was seen first by two persons, a husband and wife, around 10:30 p.m., while driving on a country road in southern Michigan. It was shaped like a disc, very bright, and emitted a yellowish, reddish-white and blue glow. It hovered several hundred feet above the ground. They said it appeared for about 15 to 20 seconds and then disappeared suddenly. 

Sightings by others in the area indicated the object was seen for a longer period, sometimes for a whole night. Generally there is no sound, except the typical sound of aircraft equipment. The witness seemed to be convinced of what they saw, and described the object as maneuvering in a most unusual manner, which could not be duplicated by any known aircraft.

The glow of the object seems to be a significant part of the description, and the fact that it apparently hovered for a considerable period, though not continuously over one location, would seem to rule out conventional explanations. When a precise measurement of the size can be made or when additional corroborating evidence is obtained, the scientific analysis may well provide an identification. However, in this case the report must remain unidentified.

- page 78 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

UFO Reported Ghost Ship in Michigan
Near Ann Arbor, Farmer Says
HILLSDALE, Mich., Mar. 23 - (UPI) - An Air Force investigating team today found through inquiries that a glowing white "ghost ship" in an attempt to identify the mysterious object, Farm family near Ann Arbor reported that the glowing, hovering object was observed by his family and investigated by sheriff's deputies.
A Hillsdale farmer said he and his son watched through a window in a nearby window saw the strange object through the window. The farmer's son reportedly said he could see the object through a nearby window.
UNABLE to find a tape recording of the telephone conversations with local residents, the Air Force was unable to make a detailed examination of the sightings. The Air Force stated that the findings in this case were inconclusive.

- page 79 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

The text in the document is as follows:

"The lighting was poor, and the object was only visible for a very short time. However, a competent observer described it as follows:

The object was large, approximately 50 feet in diameter, and was circular in shape. It was hovering at a height of about 500 feet and was completely silent. The color was described as a dull reddish-orange with no visible markings or protruding structures.

Other observations during the incident included the following:
While the object was hovering, the witness observed that the surrounding area was strangely lighted. This illumination seemed to emanate from the object itself. 
It would seem that the conclusion of the witnesses, with respect to the nature of the object, in these particular cases, is very clear. No group of individuals observed any craft coming to or leaving the scene. The sightings seem to be localized there. Definite physical evidence was observed such as the overall illumination, and a strange feeling of warmth which persisted even after the object had departed.
It is quite apparent to me from the balance of the evidence that there was no misidentification of conventional aircraft of any type. The illumination and heating effects, the silent hovering, and the definite circular shape all argue against any conventional explanation. Furthermore, the duration of the sighting, which was in excess of 10 minutes, eliminated the possibility of a meteor or other fleeting phenomenon.
I emphasize in conclusion that I arrive at a court of law that this material provides very little in the way of concrete data that might be used to identify the nature of these sightings. It does, however, constitute a valid report that cannot be dismissed lightly. More data will be needed before any definitive conclusions can be drawn."

- page 80 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page appears to be a list of UFO sightings during the period of 23 - 28 March 1956, including the location, observer, and evaluation of each sighting.

Here is the text contained in the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output:

23 - 28 MARCH 1956 SIGHTINGS

DATE  LOCATION             OBSERVER     EVALUATION
23  Ft. Pierce, Florida    -----       Insufficient Data
23  New Orleans, Louisiana -----       1. Astro (STARS/PLANETS) 
                                      2. Photo: Other (LIGHT HOUSES)
23  Avlugh, California      -----       Astro (STARS/PLANETS) 
                                      1. Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
                                      3. Astro (VENUS) UNIDENTIFIED
23  Klamath, California    Military
23  Ft Jackson, South Carolina Military
23  Temple, Oklahoma (MISSING)
23  Portsmouth, New Hampshire
23  Houston, Texas
24  Klamath, Oregon         Military
24  Linesville, Pennsylvania
24  Sheboygan, Central, Wisconsin    Military
24-25Apr San Francisco, California  Multiple
25  Macon, Georgia, New York
25  Hammet, California      Civilian
25  Chicago, Illinois
25  Truax Field, Wisconsin   Military (RADAR)
25  Houston, Texas
25  Portland, Maine
25  Pine Bluff, Arkansas
25  Toledo, Ohio
25  Cambria, California     Military
25  Colorado Springs, Colorado
25  Erlanger, Kentucky
25  Peeble County, Ohio
25-27 Greenfield, Wisconsin   Multiple
25-27 Kent, Tacoma, Mcchord AFB, Wash.    Military
27  Greenville, Vandalia, Piqua, Ohio    Civilians
27  Binghampton, Connecticut
27  Rome, New York
27  Bridgton, New Jersey     Satellite (PEGASUS II)
27  Xenia, Ohio              Insufficient Data
27  Swansea, Massachusetts
27  Rome, New York
27  Golden, Massachusetts
27  Colorado Springs, Colorado           Insufficient Data
27  West Hampton Beach, New York
27  West Milton, Kettering,Fairborn, Ohio
27  Kettering, Ohio                     Insufficient Data
27  Toledo, Ohio
28  Eastmont, Ohio           Civilian
28  Dayton, Ohio
28  Toledo, Ohio

- page 81 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, listing additional reported sightings that were not cases. The information provided includes the date, location, source, and evaluation for each sighting.

23 - 28 MARCH 1966 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE	LOCATION	SOURCE	EVALUATION
23	East Rochester, New Hampshire	Newscliping	Satellite Reflections
23	Hampstead, Lisbon, Portugal	Newscliping	Satellite Reflections 
27	Columbus, Georgia	Photos (Phone)	Satellite Reflections
27	Dayton, Ohio	 	
27	Orlando, Florida	 	

- page 82 -

The image contains a text document with the title "Pentagon to Get Aid Plan" at the top. There is no photograph present in this image.

Pentagon to Get Aid Plan
The U.S. Air Force 4-c., Hillidale, Michigan, has 
requested the assistance of the Department of Defense to help.
Such moves resulted from a sighting of a flying ob- ject seen in southern Michigan. It describes the events as follows:
On 8 March 1966, a sighting was made at about 2130 hours in the vicinity of Hillsdale, Michigan, which lasted for about 30 minutes. The object was described as rectangular in shape, about 60 feet long, 15-20 feet wide and 8-10 feet thick. It had a dull grey color. At times it appeared to be hovering and at other times it moved slowly through the sky at an estimated 40-50 mph. Several persons saw the object, including farmers, police and deputies. The object was tracked by the local police and deputies for some time in an attempt to identify it.
Lt. Allen Hynek of the Astronomical department of Northwestern University has been contacted for assistance in analyzing the sighting.
It is requested that the Department of Defense assist in the identification and analysis of this object sighted in southern Michigan. Any information that may be available on this incident would be appreciated.

- page 83 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Air Force Sends Top UFO Report 
To Check Michigan Sightings

HILLSDALE, Mich.--UFO--A camp for bears, a civil defense director, an Air Force colonel, and a college student reporter were among those who reported seeing unidentified flying objects over southern Michigan in the past week.

The Air Force dispatched its investigating unit from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base to check the sightings.

The witnesses told authorities they saw elliptical-shaped objects with flashing lights which at times appeared to hover and at other times to move swiftly through the sky.

The objects, sighted near Ann Arbor, Mich., the previous Thursday night, were reported to the Air Force the following Monday night. Their descriptions tallied closely with that of our sightmr, it was stated.

The Air Force said they launched an investigation. 

The witnesses were four college girls from the Hillsdale college dormitory, who reported they watched the objects for four hours, and described them as being about the size of a dinner plate, with blinking red, green, and white lights, flying in various directions.

Earl Garrison, the Hillsdale civil defense director, also reported seeing three unidentified objects over the city at about the same time, which he described as similar to the students' account.

Capt. William Van Horn, 37, assistant U.S. Air Force intelligence officer at the 4505th Air Base, said he also saw the objects and believed their descriptions as reported by the students and the civil defense director.

Capt. Van Horn said they appeared to be the same type of object reported at various points in the area.

The Ann Arbor News reported the sightings, and quoted a spokeswoman for the Air Force who said they had received a report and were investigating.

- page 84 -

This page of the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. The text describes an incident on March 21, 1966 involving a reported UFO sighting in Ann Arbor, Michigan. It mentions that several witnesses saw metallic craft land in a marsh, and describes the subsequent investigation and inquiries made by Major Davis and Dr. Hynek. The text also mentions the police investigation and witness accounts of the sighting.

Memos for the Record: Ann Arbor, Michigan, night of 20 Mar 66
Received a phone call from Dr J Allen Hynek on the morning of 21 March 1966. He had heard on a NBC broadcast on radio this morning, 21 March 1966 of a UFO landing in Ann Arbor, Michigan, several witnesses, metallic craft landed in marsh. More than one observer.
Dr Hynek wanted us to be on the look out for a report from there.
Immediately following Dr Hynek's call, Major Quintanilla called
Mrs Hunt and informed her that we had not received any official
reports concerning a landing at Ann Arbor, Michigan.
At 1312^0 on 21 March 1966 Major Quintanilla spoke with Major
Davis, SAFOI, ext 55009 or 70902 regarding Ann Arbor, Michigan
sighting. Informed him we did not have an official report on it.
Dr Hynek had heard it on the radio and notified us. Major Davis
had inquiries from - - - regarding UFOs and has three
questions. What do we know of a UFO in Ann Arbor. What
sighting does this become and when did we start keeping records.
As of 1 March 1966 we had 10,147 cases. We started to keep records
in 19^7. Major Davis read the UFI 53 - At least 40 persons say a
UFO land in Ann Arbor, Michigan, police said today. Twelve observers
were policeman, they saw erie blinking lights, apparently on the
flying objects. Object arose above the tree tops then dip again.
7 Other policemen saw a formation of 4-5 objects. One flew over
their car. A farmer and his son came within 400-500 yards from
object. Some saw it on the ground others saw it in the air. Police
slogged through the swam then went down and landed. Farmer drew
a sketch, picture shape of football, waffle metal, blinking lights
and antenna.( We have not had any official reports)

- page 85 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The output of the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

From Our Point Of View:
Flying Saucer Reports
Come On Big News Day

One of the topics of conversation that seems to have been prevalent over southeastern Michigan last Sunday was the reports of unidentified flying objects, usually referred to as "flying saucers." A small, bright light was seen crossing the sky, according to reports, and a group of Hillsdale College students who were watching a football game supposedly saw a bright light in the sky that night, which was followed by a group of smaller objects that seemed to descend at a high rate of speed.

This type of sighting has been common over various parts of the country, and in some instances certain individuals have claimed that "flying saucers" landed and their occupants emerged. Some reporters claim that the sightings are due to pranksters with balloons, flares, and the like, and that the stories of landings are the result of overly imaginative witnesses. On the other hand, certain military and scientific groups are seriously investigating the possibility that some of these objects may be of extra-terrestrial origin.

IT IS CERTAIN that these flying saucer reports come on the heels of a well-publicized story about a UFO sighting in Mississippi, where a former Air Force officer and a sheriff's deputy both reported seeing a strange object hovering over a highway. The popular notion that these objects are extra-terrestrial beings from some distant planet is continually being strengthened by reports of landings and encounters with their occupants.

One of the scores of telephone calls to the news media regarding the reported sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) over southwestern Michigan on Wednesday as an Air Force investigating team continued its probe of earlier sightings.

Reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) darting about the countryside were received from individuals in Hillsdale and Washtenaw counties, where similar sightings were reported Sunday and Monday night.

In another development, a 16-year-old Monroeville, Michigan, youth told authorities that he and two companions saw a strange object hovering above a field Friday night.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a top Air Force scientific consultant, said Wednesday after interviewing witnesses of earlier sightings, Dr. Hynek said that the Michigan sightings were "some of the most impressive incidents" he has investigated.

Commenting on the Michigan sightings, Dr. Hynek said: "These reports are more consistent than most of the sightings I have investigated."

One witness, Mrs. Dorothy G. Dexter, who reported a flying object over her home Sunday night, said Wednesday that vandals had smashed the windshield of her car.

- page 86 -

The image contains a photograph of two unidentified flying objects (UFOs) described in the text. The text mentions that the objects were sighted by Mrs. Angelo De Pretto and 12-year-old Susan Merrill of two objects, one red and one green, moving at a high speed.

HILLSDALE OBJECTS - Mrs. Jason Merrill of Hillsdale made the drawings of unidentified objects seen by her daughter, Susan, 12. The objects were described as almost circular, about 25 feet across, and 15 feet high, with three ports or lights on the lower half flashing red, white and green, in a sequence. The sighting occurred at 10:25 PM, and the objects were present for 15 feet across and 15 feet high, with three ports or lights on the lower half flashing red, white and green, in a sequence.

OCR Text Output:
3 UFOs Explained; Find Flares
Hillsdale - According to a report, there was a sighting of mysterious flying ob- jects in Hillsdale County, Mich. on Tuesday and Thursday nights on W. Street. They were seen by residents and police.
The objects were described as circular, about 25 feet across and 15 feet high, with three lights on the lower half flashing red, white and green in sequence. The sighting was at 10:25 PM and the objects were present for about 15 minutes.
Police said a report of flares was received and red and green objects were observed at an altitude of about 1,000 feet. A resident stated the objects moved rapidly, "like a speeding car," and there was no sound. Another resident, a Hillsdale College civil defense director, said the objects were "not from this world" and that they traveled at incredible speeds.
Alfred Becker, a maintenance man for the New York Central Railroad, reported similar objects could be observed in the nearby marshes. He said the objects would float through the woods on air currents.
Mrs. Dixon, who has been investigating the future of the human race and predicted events from the Alberta earthquake in 1957 to the removal of the Soviet Union, said the objects are from outer space.
"I think they are some kind of military craft, not from outer space," she said Wednesday. "I think they are from the other side - they are other American Air Force craft."
She says she gets her predictions from a psychic reaction - she had a "vibration" when she first saw the story over the phone, the one said.
She said she does not get any vibrations that indicate that the UFOs are some kind of advanced American military craft. She said the objects are other craft from the enemy, which she believes are the United States are retaliating against.

- page 87 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned page from an old UFO report document that appears to be part of Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

NEWS

Pages 17 to 21

GRAND HAVEN, MICHIGAN - The Dwyer Village Police Dept, later informed the Sheriff's over Island Lake ltd. They pur- ported said he saw what appeared to be a large cigar-shaped object very close to the ground about 200 yards away from the old "Chelsea village police a l s o Lake. reported seeing unidentified flying this object in the direction of Grand Haven. The officers had taken part in the search shortly after midnight for a cigar-shaped object with a white-red light and were patrolling on M-104 near the Old U.S.-16 bridge. Two men, William Woodward and Charles Marley reported seeing the same object.

Deputy Stan Bailey said the object appeared about 200 yards from Sherwood Forest. He said it looked as if it were coming down for a brief period and then rose back up higher over the area. It proved very difficult to locate once it rose up.

Kelley Alters PCHA Changes

GROSSE POINTE, MICH. - Because of new facts which have come light, additions and certain revisions to the Grosse Pointe Municipal Court will be requested.

In the meantime it is deemed appropriate by the Police Committee of the Council to terminate its contract with Pinkerton's and relieve that organization of its responsibilities for the Detroit crime commission and Detroit Common Council investigations.

The new charges will be developed at the time of the hear-

ing. No further contracts with Pinkerton's will be made during this administration.

- page 88 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a newspaper called "The Ann Arbor" from Ann Arbor, Michigan, dated Monday, March 21, 1966.

Here is the text output from the OCR:

LANDING OF SE
LANSING (UPI) - Frederick Manser, who lives on a green color, he said. That col-
R. Haines, assistant state ven- Frank Manser, who lives on a green ored object was from 30 to 40 feet
sor of civil defense, said today he color, he said. That colored object in diameter and was about 50 feet
is launching an investigation into was from 30 to 40 feet in diameter off the ground.
reports of flying objects near Ann and was about 50 feet off the ground. He said he had seen the object
Arbor. Lt. Col. Frank Davis, deputy Several times when the observations
LLS Haines said he has received re- on the McDonnell intersection. The fit) object was yellow-white in
ports that a strange object was saw- object was yellow-white in color and color and seemed transparent.
lng over the area for several hours the light ran horizontal and then ver- Frank Manser, said he grabbed his
Sunday evening. tical. "Flashes" were seen along the camera and took motion pictures
"I want to do a survey in that area sides of the object.
to get some verification and details," As the object passed over him, it "But the battery was run down and
Davis said. caused a whine like a jet aircraft as I couldn't get it to operate," he said.
The recent sighting in the past it passed. Manser said he observed the ob-
week has become a topic of con- ject for about 15 minutes and then it 
siderable Interest in the villlages When flashlights used by a De- appeared to rise directly up into the
north of Detroit. The object, first troit News photographer became very sky.
spotted last night with a flash of bright and the object disappeared, "It looked something like a rich-
light, was landed in Dexter Town- "The lights were so bright, they oily sheen, when it was going up,"
shIp. apparently blacked out the object," he said.
State Police at Ypsilanti said that Patrol]man Robert Hunsaker, who 
reports of the object were received state he observed the object, said it 
from residents of Dexter and Chelsea appears to have been about 50 feet in Reports Set
villages. The object was described diameter and from 150 to 300 feet off -
as "colored," and said to be "a quaIt- the ground.
ed in shape." The report which began the On City Use
A preliminary search for the ob- search was received from Robert
ject was conducted in the area yes- Phillips, who said he saw the object Of Lawyers 
terday. but no trace of the craft was in the sky about 8:30 p.m. Sunday.
found, authorities said.  Reports relating to proceedings
involved in hiring out-
"We are continuing our search for DRAWING SHOWN side counsel for the city attorney
the object," Davis said. MORE will be presented to the City
"We don't know if it was anything Council at its 7:30 p.m. meeting today.

significant or just someone's farm The council will be presented a Howl it Look
tractor," he added. drawing of one of the unidentified
flying objects reported seen over
The report which began the Dexter Township. This drawing, made
search came from Robert Phillips, from a description provided by
who said he saw the object in the Patrolman Robert Hunsaker, shows
sky about 8:30 p.m. Sunday.
This drawing of one of the unidentified flying objects reported over Dexter Township
shows details such as the shape and size as described by Patrolman Robert Hunsaker.

- page 89 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old news report or document.

Text from the document:

OBJECT NEWS
Tuesday, March 22, 1966

"To Probe 'Saucers'"

Last the object reappeared some and his impressions." Harvey the reported. stance away. moments later reported: the sheriff had had all depu- The sheriff is combining those reports together and checking Wednesday night and on March ties who were some distance to see if many of them can be 23 the Blackiston department away from town visit the site reconciled. had a film taken of the object throughout the area where Man- The theory said he is watching to see if the reports will conflict itself.  The sheriff said those ner said he saw the object but with each other to any great de- who were some distance away portions said there was no gree and if they seem to be the from town also saw the object but evidence of any kind on the film. same did not see what Manner said same in many ways he is inclining did not realize what they were saw. The sheriff is combing more to believe the reports in see-ing at the time.  Found: The sheriff said there those reports together and check- spite of the fact that they conflict was considerable activity in the ing to see if many of them can be in some ways. area that night and many persons reconciled.  Last night crowds of curious persons were said to have seen something He theory said he is watching to gathered 7 information about the se see if the reports will conflict with object. There have been no infor- Manor farm area where farm- each other to any great degree mation received by his depart-ers claimed to have seen some- and if they seem to be the same ment on the film that they took. thing unexplained earlier this in many ways he is inclining more to one film ha been sent to New week. However, nothing was found. and to believe the reports in spite York for processing and is the The sheriff explained that he of the fact that they conflict in only indication they have at the is making every effort to correlate some ways. Last night crowds of moment. the various reports ine has re- curious persons gathered 7 in- ceived. He said, "I don't know formation about the Manor farm my men and I trust my instincts area where farmers claimed to so far but there are certain things have seen something unusual we have seen that you would earlier this week. However, noth-probably say, 'If I had seen that, ing was found. The sheriff explains I would have thought that they that he is making every effort to have seen something also.'" The correlate the various re-ports he sheriff said the reports range has received. He said, "I don't know from mild to fantastic. what my men and I trust my in-stints so far but there are certain things we have seen that you would 

Council Postpones Attorney Subject

By Ron Cordray
Discussion of policies relating to the hiring or outside he in-formed the council at its meeting last night. 

For-th B. Ward, Councilman-at-large, said retains the Defense attorney until the council ap-proves. He said be believed it would be substantial if an attorney was hired and continued to be retained for that long without the council's ap-proval.

Forter also said the retain-er for the Defense attorney would be $2,000. This is generally between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m., some-times on weekends, sometimes at night.

- page 90 -

The image contains a photograph that depicts a flying object as described in the text. The text describes the U.S. Air Force's investigation of the reported sightings of strange flying objects over Washtenaw County, Michigan. The text mentions that Rep. Weston E. Vivian will make an official inquiry of the incidents and that officials from the U.S. government and the Michigan State Police investigated the reports. The text also states that the object was described as "some 30 feet in diameter, with a glowing red center and a pulsing green rim".

THE ANN A
Ann Arbor, Michigan,

U.S. Asked
the Defense Department has told the News-Bureau that it will contact federal offices and detectives visited the area in Washtenaw County three times to conduct an investigation of the incidents.

Rep. Weston E. Vivian of the Washtenaw County District said he will make an official inquiry of the incidents, presumably to find out what the Defense Department has discovered.

The incidents were first reported Sunday night when a family living near Saline spotted the unidentified flying objects over the area. Later, other residents in the Saline and Ann Arbor areas reported sighting similar objects.

Assessment
Program
Defended

Donald G. McGusic, city welfare director, defended the city's program in a letter to Mayor Wendell E. Hulcher, charging that some of the statements made by critics of the program are based on 1963 figures. 

He said the city's program of the department to provide employment for those it considers in need is based on 1963 figures. The program, he contended, is determined to meet the present needs of the city annually is "determinant" and aid may be increased or decreased as needs are found.

Department of Labor Saying:

He Describes Flying
Frank Manner, 45, of Dexter Township, nis home aown the sheriff's car driving by
showed us the doodle of what he believes
lie described the object he saw as some
30 feet in diameter, with a glowing red center and a pulsing green rim.

- page 91 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a newspaper article about reported UFO sightings over the Michigan area.

UFO's Again Reported Over Michigan Area
ANN ARBOR, Mich. (AP) - Several persons, including police officers, reported seeing unidentified flying objects moving through the air over southern Michigan.
Three times in a week residents of the nearby communities reported sighting unidentified flying objects floating through the night air.
The latest sightings were made by more than a score of persons.
Patrolman Robert Davenport and his wife, Leona, saw the objects zoom down to lower altitude and then zip away at a terrific speed. When it was joined by a similar object, Davenport said he was convinced "they were real."
Maynor said he was observing when he noticed flashing lights through a window.
Officer James Jones and his wife, Roberta, 23, and his sister-in-law, Penny, Leoni, also saw the objects.
Fitzpatrick tried to reach the objects by following up in his car and found that it flew away as he approached.
Police Chief Robert Taylor, who was accompanied by Patrolman A. G. Lenz, said their search by car and with binoculars failed to find anything.
The officers could find nothing unusual in the swamp there wasn't anything there.
The objects are not new to Michigan, especially in Wayne County, where many people have reported seeing them in past years.
Previous sightings were made in the Ypsilanti area last summer, police said. One pilot in the area reported trailing a strange object when it suddenly zoomed out of sight.
An air traffic controller at Willow Run Airport reported an unknown object on his radar screen moving at speeds estimated between 500 and 600 mph.

- page 92 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document containing text only. 

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

COPY

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
BY
INT1X1,IGENCE OFFICER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
RELATIVE TO UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
REPORTED SEEN BY 
RICHARD MILLER, OF
HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN, ABOUT
2030 HOURS, 8 MARCH 1966

- page 93 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a scanned document, likely related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text on the document:

POLICE STATION _ -- 
SOUTHFIELD MICHIGAN
REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
DATE: 3 MARCH 1966 
TIME: 2105 HOURS
LOCATION: SOUTHERN MICHIGAN 
DESCRIPTION: Bright flashing lights resembling a sphere or 
elliptical object with flashing red and green lights. Observed 
hovering or moving slowly at an estimated altitude of 500 to 1000 feet.
REPORTED BY: Civilian observers 
CASE DISPOSITION: UNKNOWN

- page 94 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

UFO (23,033)
CHILI AND A HERMES)
SOUTHERM MICHIGAN
MARCH 8, 1966
THE SIGHTING TOOK PLACE AT APPROXIMATELY 9:30 PM ON MARCH 8, 1966 IN THE CITY OF ALLEN PARK, MICHIGAN. THE MAIN WITNESS WAS MR. JOHN R. MARSHALL, AN ELECTRONIC TECHNICIAN, WHO REPORTED THE INCIDENT TO THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AS FOLLOW:
MR. MARSHALL WAS DRIVING HOME FROM WORK AND AS HE APPROACHED HIS HOME IN ALLEN PARK, MICHIGAN, HE NOTICED A VERY BRIGHT LIGHT IN THE SKY. HIS CURIOSITY WAS AROUSED AND HE STOPPED HIS CAR TO OBSERVE THE LIGHT. THE LIGHT WAS LOCATED PERHAPS 30 TO 40 FEET ABOVE THE GROUND AND WAS APPROXIMATELY 20 TO 30 FEET IN DIAMETER, HE ESTIMATES. THE LIGHT WAS BRILLIANT AND GAVE THE IMPRESSION OF BEING SELF-LUMINOUS. IN SHAPE, IT APPEARED TO BE CIRCULAR OR DISK-LIKE.
MR. MARSHALL STATED THAT HE OBSERVED THE OBJECT FOR SEVERAL MINUTES. DURING THIS TIME, IT REMAINED STATIONARY AND DID NOT MOVE AROUND. HE SAID THAT THE LIGHT WAS SO BRIGHT THAT IT ACTUALLY HURT HIS EYES TO LOOK AT IT. HE ATTEMPTED TO TAKE PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE OBJECT BUT DID NOT HAVE A HIGH SPEED FILM IN HIS CAMERA AND THE LIGHT WAS SO INTENSE THAT THE PHOTOGRAPH SHOWED ONLY STREAKS OF BRILLIANT LIGHT.
AFTER OBSERVING THE OBJECT FOR SEVERAL MINUTES, IT SUDDENLY, WITHOUT WARNING, SHOT STRAIGHT UP AND DISAPPEARED. MR. MARSHALL STATED THAT THE OBJECT MOVED WITH TREMENDOUS SPEED AND WAS GONE IN A MATTER OF SECONDS.
MR. MARSHALL REPORTED THE INCIDENT TO THE ALLEN PARK POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THEY, IN TURN, NOTIFIED THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE.
OTHER WITNESSES IN THE AREA ALSO REPORTED SEEING THE OBJECT. A MR. J. HARVEY, WHO LIVES IN THE AREA, STATED THAT HIS WIFE HAD CALLED HIM OUTSIDE TO SEE THE OBJECT. HE SAID THAT WHEN HE FIRST SAW IT, IT APPEARED TO BE STATIONARY, THEN IT SHOT STRAIGHT UP AND DISAPPEARED FROM SIGHT. HE SAID THAT HIS WIFE HAD BEEN LOOKING AT IT FOR SEVERAL MINUTES BEFORE HE CAME OUT.
THE LANDING WAS REPORTED BY TWO SAID THE GLOWING OBJECT FOUR 12 MINUTES TO DISAPPEAR FROM SIGHT.
PHOTOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE AND DATA WAS OBTAINED BY SHERIFF DOUGLAS J. HARVEY. UNFORTUNATELY, HIS ATTEMPT TO PHOTOGRAPH THE OBJECT PROVED UNSUCCESSFUL AS THE LIGHT WAS TOO BRILLIANT. HE SAID IT LOOKED LIKE A BRILLIANT LIGHT.

- page 95 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typewritten document describing a report about a UFO incident near Indianapolis, Indiana on March 24, 1966. The document is signed by "Marilyn" at the end.

Major Quintavilla,
Took a call from the WFBH Radio in Indianapolis,Indiana 0315.
Wanted to know if we were going to send an investigative team to Indiana today. There was UFO that crashed into a gravel pit last night, 24 Mar 66, at 2030 hours near Indianapolis and the sheriff is on the scene at present. I informed them that we had not received a report from Indianapolis and could do nothing until the observer reported it observation to the Air Force. The radio station replied that he figured it wouldn't be reported since the sheriff was on the scene. Thanked us. 
Marilyn

- page 96 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

IT APPEARS TO BE A REPORT OF UFO SIGHTINGS IN SOUTHERN MICHIGAN:

THE LATEST SIGHTINGS WERE MADE LAST NIGHT BY MORE THAN A SCORE OF PERSONS, INCLUDING OFFICERS. USED GEIGER COUNTER AND SPECIAL BINOCULARS. I GOT FRIGHT AFTER SEEING IT' SAID STAN MCFADDEN, 27, A WASHTENAW COUNTY DEPUTY STAN. SAID ROBERT HUNTRELL, ALSO SAW FLYING OBJECT. IT WAS JOINED BY A SIMILAR OBJECT. ROBERT AND HIS WIFE LEONA ALSO SAW THE OBJECT-CORAL-LIKE SURFACE. 'I'VE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE IT,' SAID LEONA.

IN ANN ARBOR, MICH. - JOSEPH UFOIO, A 11.5DT, AFTER NINTH GRAPH, SAID HIS SIGHTING OF THE OBJECT 6 TO 8 FEET DIAMETER WAS HARRIED, HE COULD ONLY DESCRIBE IT AS IF SEEN THRU HAZY GLASS. 'BUT WITH SO MANY TRAINED POLICE I-JUDGES AND RELIABLE CITIZENS HAVING SEEN THEM, THERE CAN BE NO DOUBT THE UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT IN WASHTENAW COUNTY'. STEPHEN HESTON VIVIAN, AND ARBOR DEMOCRAT, IS TO INVESTIGATE - HOPES TO GET FACTS AND THEN ASK THEM TO ENTER AN INVESTIGATION. HE SAID HE WAITS A CONTACT WITH THE EXPERTS. 'HE SAID HE HAD ALSO ATTEMPTED PERSONAL EFFORT TO GET IN TOUCH WITH THESE OFFICERS WHO WERE FIRST GRAPH AND TAKE PHOTOGRAPHS.

- page 97 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a newspaper article with a weather forecast and a headline about a UFO sighting.

OCR OUTPUT:
The News and Observer, Wednesday, March 23, 1966
FORECAST
Figures Show High Temperatures for Daytime Wednesday:
WET IN THE EAST - A low pressure system from the southwest will move in bringing showers and drops in temperatures.
UFO Eyed
By Many
For Hours
HILLSDALE, MICH. (UPI) - Several witnesses, including a deputy sheriff and a student nurse, reported sighting a glowing, hat-shaped object hovering over Hillsdale, Mich., for several hours Tuesday night. 
The Air Force dispatched its "saucer squad" to investigate the reported UFO.
The witnesses said they watched the object shine brightly, change colors and move rapidly up and down, hovering motionless at times before disappearing. Searchers found no trace of the object.
Mrs Emily Boeri, for seven years a civil defense director, said the object displayed "unusual brightness" and was larger than a full moon. She said it moved away and dodged an air port beacon beam before disappearing.
Among the other witnesses were Allen Pfaffenberger, 31, of Hillsdale, who was the first to see the object, and Earl Bolster, 29, a student nurse at Hillsdale Community College. The Air Force said it would investigate the report.

- page 98 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AF Report
On UFOs
'Mockery'
CLEVELAND, OHIO (UPI) -
One of 37 college coeds who reported seeing a mysterious aerial object near here says the Air Force report that the object was a "mockery."
Barbara Kohr, a Hillsdale College student who was in the group which made the sighting, accused the Air Force of trying to debunk their report Thursday. She said the Air Force report was "a mockery of the truth."
Miss Kohr, whose parents live in New Castle, Pa., and who was one of the group that observed the object through binoculars and telescopes, said the objects were "very precise."

- page 99 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

OCR Output:
SOME DAY...
Saucers for Real?
That Would Bore Us

The Times article contends that the
real thing is almost certain to be
far less...stimulating, perhaps par
ticularly if the visitors are no
more interesting than cats or
rubber-banded "boxes of junk."

After the first few landings,
the public will begin to find
the whole business tiresome.
Those years ago, the prediction
was that man would shortly
travel in space thrilled and
enchanted. It never worked out
exactly, when space travel became a
reality, when passengers encountered a
serious emergency shutdown of favorite
TV programs in order to report what
was going on in space.

NOTHING FAILS NEVS
After the first few auceer
arrivals, we will ask "What's
the use of interrupting programs to
report latebreaking saucer land
ings of a few more balls?"

This is why the public
says the saucers we do not
exist: once their existence
is established, something extraordinary,
we will take for granted like any
other common phenomenon. The crash
Landings and filings of
George E. Johnson, the crash
of airliner and the landings,
great or small.

What we want is to preserve
the possibility that flying
saucers exist without ever
really having to prove any
thing. So long as the flying sau
cers are a possibility, we con
jecture about them and the
universe.

So long as they are merely
a possibility, it is possible
that they really may have
Michael Rennie aboard, with
little green men with glass
globes around their heads.

- page 100 -

The image contains a diagram depicting a flying object with annotations describing its features. The diagram is labeled "Flying Object Reports Have an Unusually Good Week" and appears to be based on reports from people in southern Michigan and northern Indiana. The diagram shows an elliptical shape with a dashed surface and annotations for "Light" and "Antenna". According to the text, this diagram was drawn by police in Dexter, Michigan based on reports from people who claimed to have seen the object.

MANY SEEING SAUCERS
Flying Object Reports Have an Unusually Good Week
By WILLIAM HINES
The last 12 months have been
a good year for UFOs and the
last few days have been a
particularly good week.
UFOs in case you just arrived from another planet and haven't heard about the current fuss—are unidentified
flying objects, the so-called
"flying saucers" that periodically become a news wonder.
A spate of sighting reports
has been coming in since last
Thursday from a number of
localities in southern Michigan
and northern Indiana which
seems to be a characteristic of
UFO manifestations, which tend
to become clustered in space and
time.
The most widely publicized
UFO sighting in the present
series was reported in Dexter,
Mich., near Ann Arbor, on Sunday evening. Police there said they saw a
number of people watching an unknown object in the sky
which was variously described as oval
and pyramidal in shape, and

since the Air Force set up its
"Project Blue Book" to stuff
out UFO reports.
Both the Air Force and the
Air Force sergeant who talked to me on the phone today on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) insist they have seen all the
objects people have claimed to have
seen the saucers.
Among UFO buffs—the people
who believe saucers contain
visitors from outer space—the
Air Force is regarded as an antiUFO and NICAP as a pro-UFO.
NICAP is a Washington-based
organization with headquarters
at 1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W. It
is run by former Marine MJ.
Donald E. Keyhoe, the acknowledged high priest of flying
saucerology.
I called Keyhoe at his office
yesterday when an inquiry was
made about the latest Dexter
sighting. He said the Dexter case
and Hall, fielded questions.
Hall said the Dexter sighting
was only one of several since
March 17. He listed them in this
order: 
March 17—Grand Rapids,
See SAUCERS, Page A-16

- page 101 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or newspaper clipping related to Project Blue Book and UFO reports.

ON THE OTHER HAND, Gellhorn said, a simple, all-embracing unilateral disarmament in the United States would affect military operations and operations would become impossible for possibility of war. 

"Even civilian leaders of the armed forces — should carry out instructions from the legislature — we are told," Gellhorn said.

ON THE OTHER HAND, Gellhorn said a simple, all-embracing unilateral disarmament in the United States would affect military operations and operations would become impossible for the possibility of war. "Even civilian leaders of the armed forces — should carry out instructions from the legislature — we are told," Gellhorn said.

- page 102 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text and an illustration.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"Flying Colors
Do We Want Little Green Men Moving in Next Door?
By Art Buchwald

WHEN THE flying saucers have been sighted over suburban areas, the first question most Americans want to answer is, "Who are they?" We want to know if it's the National Geographic society, the Smithsonian, the Air Force, a suburban athletic club, or the Communist Party.

The interest seems to be not nearly so much in what they are doing as in who sent them. People are constantly preoccupied with the real motives behind the flying saucer incidents. Is it to overthrow the government, is it to set up a new religion, is it to harvest vegetables, or is it the start of an alien invasion?

I'm sure that the first few saucers arrive, we will have all these questions answered. "We are very pleased to announce," the President of the National Saucer Association for the welfare of earthlings will say, "that the little green men who have just arrived are not Communists but come from a very respectable planet. They are here only to show us their superior mode of transportation, and have no desire to take over our economy or our political system. In fact, they wish to assist us in many of our problems. Do we want to show them how we live, or shall we just tell them to come back some other day?"

I'm sure that the first few saucers

- page 103 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

dale college reports getting direct confrontation between a moved back and forth on the ground. The individual civil little green man" or whatever else officials. The witnesses was Howard Van Tassel, who says, This was at the late George Adamski wrote a book describing a Venusian. However, the Air Force students discount his report. 

NICAP never has counted the exact number of UFO reports in its files, but has made estimates from time to time. Hall said that NICAP estimates about 5,000 reports have been received in the last two years, bringing the total to about 5,000. 

Of this 5,000 total, about 1,500 cases seem "substantial" and remain unexplained in NICAP's opinion, Hall said. Consultations have produced much more than this the Air Force has accounted for during the last two years.

Since the Air Force reopened its investigation in 1947, of these 645 cases in the Blue Book Project only 5 went to court so far, Hall points out. 

Hall said that NICAP qualify these figures by saying that many of the early sightings were impressive, and the results are disappointing.

The late Dr. J. Allen Hynek who serves as consultant to the Air Force during its investigation in the Ann Arbor area yesterday to talk to people about the Dexter sighting.

Quintanilla reacted with surprise to NICAP's claims of four more days. He said he had not heard of J. Allen Rapid Le Porc.

Hall and Quintanilla agreed on one thing -- in separate interviews with the press, they said that the Air Force was authenticating and evaluating the reports as quickly as possible.

- page 104 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be some kind of report or document about UFO sightings and manifestations. The text in the image describes various details and reports related to UFO incidents, but does not contain any identifiable human faces.

SAUCERS
UFO Manifestation
On Rise Since July
Continued From Page A-4
views: It has been a big year for
sightings of unidentified flying
objects, according to Col. J.L.
Nicholson, head of Project Blue
Book, the Air Force's official UFO-
reporting agency. He said 11.1-1r0
reported seeing 4 large, oval-
shaped lights in the sky near
Wekiwa Springs, Fla., that were
visible for several minutes before
disappearing into the "pot holes."
The glowing objects rose rapidly
to a height of between 15,000 and
20,000 feet and were "monstrously
large" before disappearing into
the distance. The sightings were
World Events Going On
According to Hall, the British
Ministry of Aviation received 76
reports of "flying saucer" sightings
from northern Texas and Okla-
reported to the Air Force by the
Seminole County, Fla., Sheriff's
Office.
March 13—La Porte, Ind.—Three
individuals reported seeing an
object about the size of a car that
hovered over trees for about 10
minutes before disappearing.
March 3—Dearborn, Mich.—
Michigan police sighted an oval-
shaped object that hovered over a
freeway and then sped away when
they tried to pursue it. The
object was estimated to be about
150 feet long, according to reports.
March 3—Livonia, Mich.—Several
witnesses reported seeing an
object in the sky near I.nivs
hospital. The witnesses were a
pharmacist and a florist from the
area and they described the ob-
ject as bright blue-green in color.
Defense Director Confirms
March 3—Hillsdale. Mich.—A
Michigan Civil Defense director
confirmed reports of sightings on
this date. He said the objects,
either round or oval, that were
seen for several minutes. Air
Force jets were scrambled from
Wurtsmith AFB to try to intercept
them.
The Air Force summons and
questioned witnesses because
some reports indicated that these
sightings bore similarities to the
UFO sightings discovered by a
NICAF team that investigated 35
separate reports. the Air Force
said ground and aerial searches,
with the aid of NICAP (National
Investigations Committee on
Aerial Phenomena) equipment,
produced no tangible evidence of
the objects.
Hall explained, the La Porte
incident, for example, occurred
two days after the Livonia sighting,
and it involved a trio of lights
referred to as unidentified.
"Project Blue Book does not have
a record of that case."
Hall said the recent reports
showed that somewhere between
5,000 and 15,000 sightings have
been made by the armed forces
since 1948, when the Air Force
began collecting information on
UFO sightings.
Hall said that of the sightings
made, about 5,000 were "first-hand"
observations involving pilots
who saw unidentified objects while
in flight. He said the armed forces
have another 10,000 "indirect"
observations or reports of objects
seen by ground observers, making
a totel of about 15,000.
"But this 15,000 total," Hall
explained, "represents about 1,500
a year or 125 a month since
1948. And the sightings continue
unabated."
Hall said this lack of tangible
evidence after so many sightings
reported is pretty much the
same all over the universe.
He said the greatest problem
with the new UFO activity is in
reconciling the reports.
"There has never been any
scientific or law enforcement proof
of the existence of UFO''s," Hall
said. "What we have are many,
many unidentified reports that so
far have withstood all attempts at
resolution."
Hall said serious students of
the UFO mystery, both within the
government and outside, have
become leery of the some of the
wilder claims and allegations that
are made in connection with these
sightings.
"To date, no verified physical
evidence of a UFO—if such evi-
dence has existed—has ever been
recovered," Hall pointed out.
"The few times something seems
tangible, it turns out to be some
quite natural or conventional ex-
planation."

- page 105 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather an article from a newspaper. The article is titled "They're Up in the Air Over What's in the Air" and appears to be discussing sightings of unidentified flying objects in the Dexter, Michigan area.

Text from the article:

RALEIGH, N.C.
The News and Observer, Wednesday, March 23, 1966                  7

They're Up in the Air
Over What's in the Air

ANN ARBOR, Mich. (AP) — Dexter Police Chief Robert Taylor, who was accompanied by Patrolman N.G. Lee, said there may be something in the air over southern Michigan.

The two policemen looked like it was down in a swamp. They saw the red glow and trail beginning through the night air.

The latest sightings were made in the Dexter area last Thursday, and pictures made at the time failed to develop. A rush of pictures was reported in the Coldwater, Mich., area recently, but "their was nothing there," said a farmer who investigated.

"It got within 500 yards of that and what looked to be a diamond-shaped object, it had a light here and there, and what looked to be a vehicle," said Patrolman Dexter.

Airmen at Selfridge Air Force base have reported seeing strange lighted objects over the Dexter area during the latest sightings, it said a report of the matter had been sent to higher commands for study.

When it rose again, said Patrolman Lee, it was joined by a similar object.

Flashing Lights

Manner said he was indoors when he noticed flashing lights through a window. His son, Robert, 19, and his wife, Leone, also saw the object.

"It wasn't like the pictures of a flying saucer and it had a control-tower effect, it's the first time I've seen anything like it," Manner said.

3 deputies in seven patrol cars went to the area to investigate, Manner's report said.

He said he and Deputy Dave Fitzpatrick tried to watch the object by walking up to it but that it flew off as they approached.

- page 106 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of text from a Project Blue Book report.

According to radio reports, the sighting was reported to Selfridge AFB, Michigan they referred the caller to Air Defense Sector at Battlcreek, Michigan because Battlcreek was closer to Ann Arbor.

- page 107 -

There is no photograph present in this image. However, the image contains text that appears to be an article or report. I will now proceed to extract the text from the document:

Hynek Explains Michigan's UFO Sightings; Swamp Gases And Male Pranksters Blamed

(Continued from page 1)
time exposure shots of the rising crescent moon and the planet Venus.

In the Hillsdale case, after the real sighting, Hynek said, certain young men played pranks with flares to the further distress of the witnesses.

The pictures were taken on a different night and in a different town and had no reference whatever to the other two sightings as originally represented, Hynek said.

"This is no new thing. It is like a jigsaw puzzle. There are a lot of pieces to work with, and to complicate the picture. Most of the time we are working with several jigsaw sets," he added.

"This is one purpose the Michigan sightings caused. We've had many more interesting cases, like in Exeter, New Jersey."

Sunday on Channel 11 at 6:30 p.m. Hynek will be joined by a panel of experts in a one-hour-long discussion on unidentified flying objects, primarily the Exeter case. "I had to laugh," he said it was an unusual way to spend a spring vacation, but said most of his investigations had to be sandwiched in between the school year requirements.

- page 108 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a newspaper, specifically the "Daily Northwestern" newspaper from Evanston, Illinois, dated Tuesday, March 29, 1966.

Transcribing the text from the image:

Hynek Swamps It 
To Study UFO's 
Following Report

Trudging through swamps in southern Michigan may not be 
the ideal spring vacation activity. But Northwestern's Prof. J. 
Allen Hynek took it in stride, as he attempted to quell disturbances
of students disturbed by what they regarded as UFO's.

The astronomy department chairman is also the chief scientific 
consultant to the U.S. Air Force on the subject of unidentified
flying objects (UFO's).

- page 109 -

There is a photograph present in the image. The photograph shows J. Allen Hynek sitting at the control board of his electronic astronomical equipment at Dearborn Observatory, while reviewing reports of "unidentified flying objects" that were sent to him to investigate.

J. Allen Hynek sits at control board of his electronic astronomical equipment at Dearborn Observatory, but reports of "Unidentified Flying Objects" sent to him to investigate trouble area. The major sighting events of the week which Hynek had to face included: Eight Hillsdale (Mich.) College coeds reporting they saw a hovering "flying object" settle in a swampy hollow near their dormitory; the Hillsdale County civil defense director, Van Horn, and his 16-year-old son in Dexter, Mich. said they saw an object that glowed like a cigarette with a greenish-blue light on one end and a white light on the other side of the object behind the man's farmhouse; and photographs of "unidentified flying objects" taken by a Michigan Sheriff's deputy were released by the sheriff to a nation-wide news program on CBS television. The report states that Hynek concluded the "UFO photos" were nothing but rotating vegetation patterns and water conditions.

- page 110 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a newspaper article discussing how Allen Hynek, the astronomy department chairman, is going to study UFO sightings reported in the Midwest region, particularly in southern Michigan. The article mentions that there has been a "rash of strange sightings" in the region, and House Republicans are calling for a "full blown investigation" into these incidents.

Text extracted from the image:

Seventeen Won't
To Turn In Ket's-
Dews not turn in their senior j
teaching certificates for lack of Jf
jobs. According to President Ly nn ! 
A. Winmer of Western Michigan
University Monday.

Tries to Quell Disturbances

Hynek Swamps It
To Study UFO's
Following Report
By DAVID L. NELSON
Campus Editor

Trudging through swamps in southern Michigan may not be
the usual recreation of Western Michigan's first academic
Allen Hynek took it in stride, as he attempted to quell disturbances
of a national level.
The astronomy department chairman is also the chief scientific 
consultant to the U.S. Air Force on the subject of unidentified 
flying objects.

In the last week-and-a-half a rash of strange sightings has been
reported throughout the Midwest area, primarily in Michigan.
House Republicans have "a full blown investigation" into these incidents,
Congress have "a full blown investigation" into these incidents,
and Hynek swamps it to study the sightings.

- page 111 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing text only.

Marsh Gas and Chickenmar
Was it Martians or marsh gas? 
Northwestern University's J. Allen
Hynek, now a more nationally known astronomer than ever, disturbed many last week by saying that people who reported seeing flying saucers in Michigan probably saw marsh gas.
And what wasn't marsh gas wasn't Martians either, the astronomy department chairman said. Those unidentified flying objects were various contraptions rigged by humans as "pranks," said he.
Hynek, who serves as the U. S. Air
Force's authority on strange things seen in the sky, received more publicity for his unique interest during the past several days than in all the years he's spent looking through Dearborn Observatory's telescopes.
The things he called marsh gas or pranks were seen by many people in Michigan, including a Civil Defense official, several policemen, one newspaper reporter, a college dean, and a group of college coeds.
And they all thought surely they were watching contraptions driven by visitors from the planets which the United States and the U.S.S.R. both are attempting to study with their space vehicles.
It's hard to believe that what those folks up in Michigan saw — as well as what's been reported hovering in the skies of Georgia and other states across the nation — were all pranks and marsh gas. But it's equally difficult to argue with an authority as distinguished as Prof. Hynek.
We bet he doesn't believe in Chickenman either.

Boys and Men
Boys will be boys, and nothing proved
it better than the night late last quarter 
when the electric power disappeared from
north campus for about 80 minutes and
they enjoyed it.
They exploded fire crackers in the quadrangles, crashed bottles on sidewalks and
in the corridors of living units, lit waste
basket fires, put in false fire alarms, and
staged a premature panty raid. They also
removed a television and some other items
from residence hall lounge — a joke, it
was later reported.
Sometimes men ought to act like men.

Removing More Rules
Associated Women Students has proposed an extension of freshmen women's
hours for winter and spring quarters beginning in 1967:

The plan is another step in a path which AWS and other student groups at Northwestern are taking faster and faster to eliminate some of the artificial social rules and regulations at this university.

We trust Northwestern's women will be
wise enough to support the plan in their
living units, as they have supported partial hours and a junior key system earlier
this year.

And we hope the Council on Undergraduate Life will graduate itself out of its
unical shell it put in last quarter to approve the plan when presented with it
later this quarter.

- page 112 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Based on the text in the image, here is the output from the OCR system:

CALLS OF 31 March 1966

MR SNYDER, CHICAGO DAILY NEWS - Science writer he has got up with a strange situation, they have made a villain of Dr Hynek in the paper. 

He would like to write an article titled "the perils of an UFO investigator".

There have been many unkind words about Dr Hynek. Major said that as far as he was concerned there is no one in this country more knowledgeable than Dr. Hynek about UFO phenomena. He has been a consultant to this project for the last 13 years. His reputation is without question, especially in the field of UFOs. 

Swamp gas is not an unique phenomena, I received a letter from a lady in Illinois who also thought that is what it was. Major read the letter to Mr. Snyder. I doubt if I could get a reputable scientist to go out and investigate a case like Dr. Hynek. You can't satisfy 100% of the people, there always will be someone who will not believe you. Major explained the general UFO program.

- page 113 -

The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

If reports are identified by local local air force base they are not forwarded to Wright-Patterson. To get the specific number of reports received it would take a little research. We have the information up to date as much as possible but with the publicity we have been having, which takes a lot of our time, it is hard to keep a running account of statistics. We have had inquiries regarding the sightings in Michigan, everyone has been calling about it. Have had very few calls regarding local observations. If reports from the Columbus area have been submitted to us we will give the information on them to him. Have him the statistics for this year.

PAUL BAABER, KING (NEW YORK) - Started with Michigan business. Said he had a wire saying that Major didn't really think it was swamp gas, nor did Dr. Hynek. Parker had a report from Mort Young. Major Quintanilla said that the wire was in error. Major looked it up (swamp gas) talked to chemists and researchers. It. Major Quintanilla had not spoke with Mort Young. Major Quintanilla said I interpret it to say that it was reassessed before or came to the conclusion. Parker wanted to know how these lights got in the swamp. You have fires (there is methane and it is a vapor). Major gave the statistics for this year. I have been in Blue Book for 32 months and I have satisfied myself that these objects are not extraterrestrial in nature. The vast majority of cases are misinterpretation of conventional objects. Nobody should expect me to identify 100% of the cases. We are dealing with other peoples experiences and interpretations. I have no indication that any advanced intelligence from outer space has visited us.

- page 114 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. The image is just text describing various reports and interactions related to UFO sightings.

PAUL MAST, COLUMBUS DISPATCH - UFOs in Columbus area would be reported to Lockbourne APS. I am the Blue Book officer for the whole Air Force. Call the Air Force base nearest you and ask for the UFO officer when reporting a sighting. We have had a rash of sightings due to publicity and the onslaught of spring. Gave general information on the UFO program.

CALLS OF 29 MARCH 1966:
JIM MORGAN - Wanted to know if Major Quintanilla went to Michigan. No I didn't. Dr Hynek, Moody and Ann Elmer went. Mostly said that it was in the New York Journal by Lloyd Young that Hynek did not want to give the answer about the gas, that there was a violent argument between Hynek and Major Quintanilla. We informed him that it was Dr Hynek who suggested marsh gas. We talked to a shendit who had talked to others up there. He had an idea Thursday afternoon but we couldn't say anything until it was thoroughly checked out. We agreed Friday morning. I have never met Mr. Young. Spoke on the current sightings to WSAZ.

WILLIAMS, ELYRIA, OHIO - wanted to know if Major Quintanilla would be available to speak. This information is in going to be really and I would like to hear your request but we are very busy. Will do it for one person. I must do it for all. Major explained the project to date, etc.

CALLS OF 30 MARCH 1966:
J. GISBONS, COLUMBUS, DISPATCH - One UFO officer at each base. Told him approximately how many reports of aerial phenomena, how many reports from Ohio in the past week. We had four yesterday and one over the weekend.

- page 115 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document containing text.

WIFE RADIO STATION, INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA - wanted to know if we had received report of a UFO landing in a gravel pit last night at 8:35pm in Indianapolis and if we were going to send someone over to investigate it. He said the Sheriff was our investigating it now. Informed him that until it was reported to the Air Force by the observer we could do nothing. He thanked us.

ASSOCIATED PRESS, Columbus, Ohio 228-4307. Wanted to know about press conference called with Dr. Hynek. It is to be this afternoon. Press conference will be at 1pm at Selfridge - Everything pretty well solved.

NBC NEWS CLEVELAND, OHIO. GLEN BAKER - Dr Hynek is having a press conference at 1pm at Detroit Press Club in Detroit, Mich. Dr. Hynek is consultant to BB. Official statement will be released by Washington when Dr. Hynek has press conference. Haven't heard about any sightings from Astabula lately.

MATTER WAVE RADIO - 3 amp gas said. Photograph had no connection with the sightings of Hillsdale. We haven't seen the report as yet. Dr. Hynek is consultant to BB etc. Gave information on the program to date, sightings etc.

CALLS OF 28 MARCH 1966
GENE BOSCOE, COLUMBUS, OHIO 224-3265. We have not seen the film from the patrolman. It will probably be a few days. The object was Venus. I spoke with the patrolman and he gave me the technical information azimuth, elevation and it is definitely the Planet Venus. Also gave info on the Michigan sighting.

CRAIG SEWARDS, CINCINNATI - Seen on wire that W-P is having a rash of sightings. Major said he didn't know how we got on the wire. Gave information on the program to date.

- page 116 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. This appears to be a text-based document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

MR WHITE THOMAS, 222-3526 - We regard all UFO reports as serious.
These are all standard motions. Sent Dr. Hynek to help investigate.
As soon as we get info it will be released.

CALLS OF 22 MARCH 1966
ASSOCIATED PRESS DESK, COLUMBUS, OHIO, BOB MILLER - Sent Dr. Hynek to help in investigation. Details quite sketchy. Will be released as soon as info is in.
JACK JONES, DAYTON DAILY NEWS - Dr. Hynek should be on the scene now. Haven't talked to him as yet. We take all reports serious, etc.
BILL WISE, LIFE MAGAZINE - Arranged to come here to make a feature article.
PHIL JONES, WLW - Have started investigation. Dr. Hynek is in the field, information will be released when it is in, etc. nothing has ever proven to be extraterrestrial in nature. Etc.
MAJOR GREGORY SCHIFF - gave him a break down on what had been happening.

CALLS OF 24 MARCH 1966
DOUGLE CRANE, UNE - We are on a second lead story. Wanted to know what progress has been made in the Michigan sighting and when we expect a result and an opinion. Do we see any association between Michigan and North Carolina sightings. Things are beginning to shape up and expect an explanation tomorrow, etc. Have no reports from N Carolina.
HARRANTS, RADIO STATION, DETROIT, MICH TR-3-2599 - Toldin we expected results tomorrow.

- page 117 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report on unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT CONTENT:

Michiganders Report
More Flying Objects

ANN ARBOR, Mich. - (AP) - Van Hein said the swamp gas
identification of sightings in southern Michigan around March
22 was fantastic. Michigan, he said, is completely covered and
no swamp gas would settle at a constant height as the Air
Force said happened near Ann Arbor.

"The Air Force's Van Hern
said the gas was going up and down,
but that is not the way swamp gas
behaves. It has a flat spread," Hein
said.

Some persons in the
Michigan area insist they saw
objects which rose straight up
and then darted off at a high
speed. Hein, an astronomer,
said he investigated the
sightings and that the objects
were reported in the sky more
than 2,000 feet above the ground.
Others were spotted westward
in the looking glass of
Northmier of South Lyon who
reported an object in the sky
near that town.

Dr. Hynek investigated at
Pierson and Hillsdale only and
reported sightings in those
areas. His report related only to
those areas.

People Enlisted to Observe
Mysterious Flying Saucers

There is a continuing interest in the midwest in
the unidentified aerial objects that continue to be 
reported. These take on various shapes, sizes and
colors, and some claim to observe them from the
ground or in the air.

The latest incident took place over southeastern
Michigan, and a wild, brown-and-white farmer.
That's about par for the course.

Flying saucers usually seem to
come from their clentities with a dramatic
scrambled version of the American scene.
OUT AT Washtenaw, there is a
small group of men who have the
interest to take down carefully the
details of any flying saucer sightings.
They have an active organization and
a growing number of observers.

They can explain a high percentage
of the sightings as familiar objects. But
they admit there is a percentage they
cannot explain. And they work to determine if other natural
phenomena rather than extra-terrestrial visitations can account
for the objects.

The Air Force investigators had a
difficult sighting last year, described as
a "small compact size, somewhat elevated
in the eastern sky". Now, over western
Michigan, another unusual pattern has been noted by
many, a bright object which seems to appear and disappear at
will. And at times it seems to make a circular pattern.

This has interested the Washtenaw County group, many
of whom are scientists and teachers. They carefully record all
details and make an effort to have witnesses corroborate their
observations.

WHEN THE MAN approached them, he was carrying a little
green box. He said he saw the object again and got out of it. They
asked him to come to their meeting to relate his experience. The
man left, never to be seen again.

The Air Force investigators reported the
incident, using the term "UFO" for unidentified
flying object. Now, over western Michigan,
another unusual pattern has been noted by many,
a bright object which seems to appear and
disappear at will. And at times it seems to
make a circular pattern.

This has interested the Washtenaw
County group, many of whom are scientists
and teachers. They carefully record all details
and make an effort to have witnesses
corroborate their observations.

- page 118 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, containing text only.

DR. THOMAS HEALVY, UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA 898-7411 - TAMPA - He is
interested in UFOs, from the scientific view. He is planning to go up to Washington,
D C in two or three weeks and would like to come to Dayton. He would like to
generate the first scientific conference on UFOs on each case, presenting the
best investigative talk about investigations and look through the cases
with a scientific viewpoint. He feels if the academic community would look
at the cases with a scientific viewpoint it would show that the Air Force is
doing the best job they can. He felt that by generating a conference with the
aid of our office that he would be doing a service not only to the Air Force
but to the scientific community as well. Major Quintanilla told him he had
a very good thought and thought it was a tremendous idea. Gave him Col
Spaulding's address to go through.
PHIL DONARUE - OHIO, Dayton - The investigation is still being conducted.
JACK JONES, DAYTON DAILY NEWS, Dayton - hope to have results tomorrow
afternoon.
WLWD - TV, Dayton - Hope to have results tomorrow afternoon, etc.
FRED STIR, ANN ARBOR - regarding statement by AP - with collection of
information and investigation is proceeding nicely, we hope to have an explanation, hopefully sometime tomorrow. It depends on how fast Dr. Hynek and Moody
can check it out, we can work it out and go over the data. Hope to have a
press conference tomorrow at Scientia, etc.
JOHN SWEENEY - 223-111L,JOURNAL HERALD - wanted to know about the Michigan
case. Told him nothing new except what had been given to Jones that morning at
the Dayton Daily News, about 1 hour ago. He said I couldn't have talked to
Jones 1 hour ago and surely there was some news. I told him that if he didn't
want what we had to say he could go over and ask Jack Jones at Dayton Daily
News (other side of building). He said he wouldn't do that because they were
their competitor.

- page 119 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CALLS OF 21 MARCH 1966

UFI. COLUMBUS, JAY GOODY - would like to know if we have any reports from Ann Arbor, Michigan. The only thing we have was on the radio. We have no official information whatsoever. People report to the closest APR. The information included a policeman, three persons. Selfridge told them they had no official reports. We don't do anything until some base nearby sends a report to us. Try to determine what is it after we get the information.

WXAR RADIO - Have no information on Michigan.

WONE RADIO, Dayton Ohio - we have had no information on Michigan sightings, etc.

FRANK MACOMBER, SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 234-7111 - we have no information on the Michigan sightings, etc.

LIPPENCOTT, CITIZENS JOURNAL COLUMBUS. - We have not received any reports from Lockbourne, etc. last night. No info on the Michigan case yet.

MAJ DAVIS - SAPOI - Selfridge is sending us a report. It was reported by two or three people - they came up with nothing. Operations secretary was trying the report. Major Davis wants evaluation.

SAPOI again - CAPT AND MAJOR DAVIS are trying to press for a statement. 

JERRY CHAMBERS, WONE - Selfridge collecting information on UFOs in area. Will be sent here, etc.

ROBERT McCROUTT, WASHINGTON METAL BROADCASTING - Only information we have on Ann Arbor is second or third hand. Selfridge is going to investigate.

WONE - Douglas Drake - Dr. Hynek is going to assist in the investigation. He is an astro-physicist.

WJW NEWS IN CLEVELAND, STEVE FULLER - We have had no reports from Cleveland whatsoever. Dr. Hynek is going to assist in investigation by Selfridge.

- page 120 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a blank page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a former U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

Text extracted from the document:

- page 121 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a table or list of various locations, addresses, and associated information.

Here is the text from the document:

Greenfield Drive
Green River Road
Green Street
Greenwood Avenue
Greenwood Drive
Grenada
Grenada (Cloverdale Road)
Grenada (Ennis Road)
Grenada
Grey Court
Griffen
Griggs
Griswold
Grogan
Grovewood Drive
Guernsey
Gull-Lake
Gurnee
Gussie
Guthrie
Guy C. Bushar
Gwynneville
Hagan
Hale
Hall
Hall Road
Hall Street
Halleck
Halley
Halliday
Haltom
Hamilton
Hampton
Hampton Drive
Hampton Place
Hampton Street
Hancock
Hancock Drive
Hanford
Hanover
Harding
Harkins Avenue
Harlow
Harmony
Harper
Harper Drive
Harper Woods
Harrington
Harris
Harrison
Harrison Drive
Harrison Road
Harry
Hartford Drive
Hartwell
Hartwell Ct.
Harwick
Harvey
Harvey
Hastings Street
Hatfield
Haughton
Haven
Hawarden
Hawkins
Hawthorne
Hayden
Hayes
Haymarket
Hazelwood
Head
Heath
Heck

- page 122 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document.

SOUTHERNMICHIGAN
3/8/66 
Rptd Time: N) 2330 hrs.
Location: S. Mich.
Object: A bright, luminous object seen hovering in the sky. It appeared to be circular or oval in shape and emitted a bright white light. It remained stationary for approx. 45 mins. Then it suddenly shot straight up and out of sight.
Inv. Msg: F-12:00 hrs.
Inv. Staff: J. ALLEN HYNEK

- page 123 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document containing a street index, listing various street names and their corresponding information.

STREET INDEX
Aberdeen
Academy
Adams
Addison
Adrian
Aft
Airport
Alabama
Albemarle
Albert
Aldrin 
Alexander
Alfred
Alice
Allen
Allister
Alma
Almont
Alta Vista
Alvor
Anderson
Andover
Andrew
Ann
Anthony
Apple
Archer
Arizona
Arlington Blvd.
Arthur
Ash
Asher
Ashley
Attwood
Auburn
Augusta
Austin
Avenue A
Avenue B
Avenue C
Avenue D
Avenue E
Avenue F
Avenue G
Avenue H
Avenue I
Avenue J
Avenue K
Avenue L
Avery
Avondale
Babbitt
Bacon
Badgley
Baker
Baldwin
Banwell
Barker
Barnes
Barr
Barry
Baxter
Bay
Beach
Beale
Beaver
Beckett
Beecher
Beechwood
Belgrave
Bell
Bellaire
Bellevue
Beman
Benjamin
Bennett
Berkley
Berry
Beway
Binckley
Birch
Bishop
Bloomer
Bond
Booth
Boston
Bowdoin
Bowers
Bowman
Boynton
Braddock
Bradley
Brainard
Breckenridge
Brewer
Brinkerhoff
Bristol
Broadway
Brockman
Brooks
Brown
Bruce
Bryan
Bryant
Bucknell
Bunkley
Burbank
Burdette
Burlington
Burns
Burr
Burt
Burton
Business
Butler
Byron
Cabinet
Cadet
Cairn
Caldwell
Calvert
Calvin
Cambridge
Cameron
Camp
Campbell
Canal
Cannon
Cantrell
Carleton
Carlton
Carnecade
Carroll
Carson
Carter
Cascade
Case
Cedar
Chadwick
Chalmers 
Chambers
Chandler
Channel
Chapel
Chapman
Charles
Cherry
Chester
Chicago
Church
Churchill
Cincinnati
City
Cityview
Clark
Cleary
Cleveland
Clinton
Cobb
Colburn
Cole
College
Collier
Collins
Colonial
Columbia
Colwell
Comstock
Conant
Congress
Connecticut
Cook
Cooke
Cooper
Copley
Cornelia
Cornell
Cottage
Cottrell
Coventry
Coveney
Cram
Crawford
Crescent
Crestridge 
Crofton
Croll
Crosby
Cross
Crumpton
Crystal
Cumberland
Custer
Dale
Dalzeil
Dane
Daniel
Darcy
David
Davis
Dawes
Deacon
Dean
Dearbom
Debry
Decatur
Delaware
Delbert
Dell
Demorest
Denison
Denver
Denvwood
Dequindre
Desoto
Detroit
Deveraux
Dexter
Dickinson
Dickson
Dix
Division
Dodge
Dolbeer
Donaldson
Donovan
Doolittle
Doty
Douglas
Dover
Doyle
Drayton
Drew
Drexel
Drummond
Dublin
Duff
Dumbarton
Dunbar
Duncan
Dunn
Dupont
Durand
Dwight
East
Eastlawn
Eastwood
Eaton
Edgel
Edgewood
Edna
Edward
Eggleston
Eighth
Eldridge
Elizabeth
Ellsworth
Elmwood
Eloise
Elsie
Emerson
Emily
Engle
Epworth
Erie
Ethel
Euclid
Everett
Ewing
Fairmount
Fairview
Fairwood
Fanjoy
Farmer
Farragut
Farrell
Fay
Federal
Ferry
Filbert
Fifth
Filer
Filmore
Findlay
Finley
First
Fisher
Fisk
Fitch
Fitzsimmons
Flanders
Florence
Flynn
Ford
Forest
Fort
Forton
Foster
Fountain
Fourth
Fox
France
Francis
Franklin
Frazier
Frederick
Freeman
French
Fulton
Gale
Gallagher
Garden
Gardner
Garfield
Garrison
Gay
Gaynor
George
Germania
Gilbert
Gildart
Gillespie
Gilmer
Glendale
Glenwood
Glover
Godfrey
Goodfellow
Gordonview
Goshen
Grand
Grant
Grantland
Gratiot
Graver
Graydon
Gray
Green
Greenleaf
Greenwood
Greystone
Griffin
Griggs
Grover
Gumpert 
Hague
Hall
Hamilton
Hammond
Hancock
Hanley
Hannan
Hannah
Hanover
Happy Hollow
Hargreaves
Harmon
Harper
Harris
Harrison
Harry
Hartford
Harvard
Hatch
Hathaway
Haverhill
Hawthom
Hayes
Hazlewood
Healy
Helen
Hendrie
Henry
Herbert
Herkimer
Herman
Hermitage
Heyden
Highland
Hill
Hilton
Hinchman
Hoagland
Hobart
Holbrook
Hold en
Holland
Holley
Holmes
Holton
Hooker
Hope
Horatio
Horger
Horton
Howell
Howland
Hoxie
Hudson
Hughes
Humboldt
Hume
Humphrey
Hupp
Hurley
Hyke
Illinois
Indiana
Indian
Ingersoll
Inkster
Irving
Iroquois
Jackson
James
Jefferson
Jenkins
John
Johnson
Joliet
Jones
Joseph
Joy
Judson
Julia
Julian 
Kane
Kedzie
Keeler
Keifer
Kempa
Kenilworth
Kenmore
Kenney
Kentucky
Kerby
Kerwin
Key
Kiefer
Kilbum
King
Kingswood
Kinney
Kirby
Kirkwood
Koster
Lafayette
Lake
Lakeview
Lamont
Lancaster
Lane
Langley
Lansing
La Pointe
Larkins
La Salle
Lathrop
Lawrence
Leach
Leader
Leamington
Ledyard
Lee
Leroy
Lester
Leverett
Levett
Libbey
Liberty
Lincoln
Linnis
Lisbon
Locke
Lock wood
Longfellow
Lorraine
Louis
Lowell
Lowman
Ludgate
Luke

- page 124 -

The image appears to be a map or a diagram showing the area of Ann Arbor, Michigan. It displays a scale in feet and miles. The map is divided into three sections labeled A, B, and C. There are no human faces or identifiable individuals present in this image.

ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN

600  1800 3000 4200 FEET
0             1 MILE

A     B     C

- page 125 -

The image appears to be a map of Ann Arbor, Michigan. It shows various streets, landmarks, and other geographical features of the city. There is no photograph present in this image.

Extracting the text from the document:

MR BECR
SOCIATES, INC. Realters
1829 W. STADIUM
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN
665-9114

- page 126 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram of a geographic area, rather than a photograph. The image is labeled "THIS IS A PICTURE OF OU" and contains various features such as roads, structures, and labels.

Since the image does not contain a human face, I will proceed to extract the text from the document as requested:

THIS IS A PICTURE OF OU
A B C

- page 127 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram of an area labeled "R INVENTORY - ANN ARBOR REAL ESTATE". It shows a layout of various streets and properties in the area. There is no photograph present in this image.

R INVENTORY - ANN ARBOR REAL ESTATE
D E F
(Map showing various streets and properties in the Ann Arbor, Michigan area)

- page 128 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document, specifically a news article about "Saucer Sightings Vex Capitol Hill" dated March 28, 1966.

NEW YORK—MARCH 28— WASHINGTON—FLYING saucers AND OTHER unidentified objects apparently have the Capitol Hill quite disturbed these days, the article states.

The article discusses how members of Congress have been receiving reports of UFO sightings and are considering investigating the matter, despite some skepticism. It mentions the Air Force's Project Blue Book and how the committee does not take all sightings seriously, though there seem to be more reported sightings lately. The article also discusses some specific sighting reports and the reluctance of Congress to investigate the matter fully.

- page 129 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram, but there is no photograph present. As an OCR system, I will now proceed to extract the text found in the document:

SOUTHERN MICHIGAN UNIDENTIF|ED FLYING OBJECT
INCIDENT REPORT

LOCATION: SOUTHERN MICHIGAN 
DATE: MARCH 8, 1966
TIME: APPROXIMATELY 8:40 P.M. EST

- page 130 -

The image appears to be a map or a city layout. It does not contain any photographs.

OCR output:
D E F
SPEEDWAY
BELLE HART RD
GRANDVIEW

- page 131 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a technical diagram or schematic. The diagram appears to be labeled with a large "G" in the center.

G
  |
  |
  |
  |
  |
  |
  |
  |
  |
  |

- page 132 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a map or diagram showing the geographic location of Ann Arbor, Michigan.

IN ANN ARBOR
See
N
NN
RBOR

- page 133 -

There is no photograph or visual image present in the shared document. The document appears to be a real estate advertisement or service listing from a company called "TR ASSOCIATES, INC., Realtors" located at 1829 W. Stadium (at Pauline) in an unspecified location. The advertisement lists the services provided by the company, including residential sales, new construction, income properties, land contracts, forms, rentals, commercial construction development and leasing, and investment consulting service.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

TR ASSOCIATES, INC., Realtors
Complete Real Estate Service at
1829 W. Stadium '(at Pauline)
Call 665-9114
MULTIPLE LISTING SERVICE

See us for:
Residential sales
New Construction
Income Properties
Land Contracts
Forms
Rentals
Commercial Construction development and leasing
Investment consulting service

- page 134 -

The image appears to be a map of southern Michigan. It does not contain any photographs, only a detailed map showing various cities, towns, and roads in the region.

OCR OUTPUT:
MICHIGAN
Manistee
Orchard Lake Pontiac 
Saginaw
Port Huron
Bay City

Lansing
Ann Arbor 

Ypsilanti
Dearborn

Windsor

Toledo

- page 135 -

The image appears to be a map of an area in southern Michigan. The map shows the county boundaries, towns, and roads in the region. There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is the text output from the OCR system:

COUNTY GALLEN D CO

NORTHFIELD SALEM

SUPERIOR

PITTSFIELD

AUGUSTA

MONROE COUNTY

- page 136 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a map of a geographic area, likely in southern Michigan. The map contains various town and county names, as well as roads and other geographic features.

WASHINGTON ST
DEXTER
WEBSTER
NORTHFIELD
SALEM
SUPERIOR
HARBOR

- page 137 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a map or geographic illustration of various cities, towns, and counties in what looks like southern Michigan. The map shows the locations of places like Lyndon, Dexter, Webster, Northfield, and Salem, among others.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (optical character recognition) system and output all the text found in the document:

RANGE 4E
LYNDON
COUNTY OAKLAND
DEXTER
WEBSTER
NORTHFIELD
SALEM
RANGE 5E
LIMA
SUPER O.

- page 138 -

The image appears to be a map showing a geographical area. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the UFO report document.

OCR text:
SHARON FREEDOM LODI PITTSFIELD MANCHESTER BRIDGEWATER SALINE ORK AUGUSTA LENAWEE COUNTY MONROE

- page 139 -

The image appears to contain a photograph, which is described in the text below as "MICHIGAN FLYING SAUCER". The text states that this picture was released yesterday and shows flying objects that were photographed at 5:30 a.m. using a Polaroid camera with a 1/10-second exposure.

The text then transcribed from the image is as follows:

"INVESTIGATOR SHOOTS DOWN SAUCERS

Dr. J. Allen Hynek discussed his findings at a news conference after spending a week in Michigan investigating UFO reports. Hynek is a Northwestern University astrophysicist and scientific consultant for the Air Force. 

Numerous UFO sightings have been reported in recent weeks, many of them in southern Michigan. 

Hynek emphasized his investigations were confined to two specific days of sightings and did not cover all of those reported.

"I am not making a blanket statement to say or the entire UFO program," Hynek said, "I emphasize that I cannot prove or disprove the reality of the sightings. It appears very likely, however, that the sightings were of unconventional objects - an unusual aerial phenomenon."

Hynek said his study was confined to a small community about 50 miles southwest of Detroit, and saw three to six miles west, on March 21.

Although these were reported, Hynek said he would not investigate them because he did not have time to see them. He said he investigated only those sightings seen by a large group of witnesses.

"If only one person reports seeing something, it must be dismissed," Hynek stated. "However, if many people see the same objects then it is grounds for scientific investigation."

Hynek also pointed out that studies released on Thursday night on the series of UFO sightings in the sky over the series of questions asked the question of whether a satellite or a small planet was the source of those sightings. But Hynek said, "I would not apply that conclusion to the sightings I have investigated.""

- page 140 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document discussing a conversation between Congressman Vivian and Major Hector Quintanilla regarding a UFO-related report.

29 March 1966
Immediately following conversation between Congressman Vivian and Major Hector Quintanilla, he (Maj Q) informed his same Hunt (SAFOIS) of the conversation with Congressman Vivian.

Upon completion of phone call to SAFOICC, Major Quintanilla informed TDE, Colonel Eric T. de JONCKHEERE of the conversation.

29 March 1966, 0310
Major Quintanilla spoke with Major Gregory at AFSC SCPA regarding telephone conversation with Congressman Vivian. Last week Congressman Vivian called us direct and requested we inform him prior to press conference of Dr Rynck's. We informed SAFOI and they said LXL would take care of it. Major gave a run down on the conversation of 28 Mar 66 with Vivian. General Cruikshank wanted us to report what transpired regarding 29 Mar 66 to SCPA. Gregory said this paragraph 7 of AFR 200-2 indicated that Congressman were not to go directly to us. Gregory would inform SAFOI of the above.

29 Mar 66, 1930 - Conversation with Major Gregory, AFSC -
Question regarding detailed report that Vivian asked for. Major Quintanilla told Vivian that Hynek was making a detailed report. Gregory said there was no leak there. Two phone calls were made from Vivian. Gregory is sending AFR 200-2 and Blue Book out. Congressman Ford may ask for a Congressional. AFSC would like a copy of Hynek's report.

20 Mar 1966, 1930 hours - Maj Quintanilla confirmed that Vivian spoke directly with Major Quintanilla without going through General Cruikshank's office.

- page 141 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, that contains only text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now extract all the text found in the document:

the project and what the qualifications are . wi matter of reporting  
is done.

- page 142 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with text describing a call from Congressman Vivian to Dr. Hynek regarding the Michigan UFO case.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

Call from Congressman Vivian, 23 March 1966
First item - Did Dr Hynek make a statement regarding the Michigan case. Dr Hynek made the statement. Congressman Vivian wanted to know why he had not been informed of the time that the press meeting was going to be. Major informed the Office of Information that Congressman Vivian was to be informed. Congressman asked for the number of the office. Wanted to know if we had received a report from Hynek. Replied that it was given verbally over the telephone and the office of information had taken it down over the phone. The complete information would be typed up by Dr Hynek's office at Northwestern this week and we would receive a copy. Dr Hynek made the announcement of his findings at the press club. The Office of Information regards his findings at the same time over the wire system. He explained events as marsh gas, rising crescent moon and some as flares. Dr Hynek has not submitted his report as yet. He plan no further investigation. Hynek does the initial investigation and submits it to me. I will do no further action unless there are additional sightings. Vivian asked how many times we have had March gas sightings. Major replied once or twice.

Vivian wanted to know if we knew about the sheriff's remarks regarding Dr Hynek. Major said no. Vivian then asked what Major's degree was in. Major is a physicist. In 23 we normally go to Dr Hynek for consultation. Major has been with us project for 32 months. Vivian asked who Major reported to - Colonel Eric T. de Jonckheere, Deputy for Technology And Subsystems. He reports to General Arthur Trudkshank. Sgt Moody has a degree in Psychology and he is one of the senior members of the Air Force. Congressman wants the number of personnel working on this.

- page 143 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, containing only text.

The text in the document reads as follows:

As of 1230, 24 March 1966, Major Quintanilla received a telephone call from Congressman Vivian, extension 22-44401. Congressman Vivian requested information on the unidentified flying objects at Dexter, Michigan. He had read the report from that area. Asked Major Quintanilla if he had any remarks on it. Major replied that Dr. Hynek was talking with the policemen and other witnesses gathering information on the observations. Dr. Hynek is on his way to Hillsdale to talk with the ones there. We hope to have a breakthrough within twenty-four hours. Not all of the witnesses observed the same object. Major informed Congressman Vivian that it was good that we had multiple witnesses. 3:40 Moody is up at Willow Run checking out the tower operators. Checking both positive and negative data so we can be doubly sure. We will release the information as to the cause of the observations as soon as possible. Hopefully this information will be this afternoon, 24 March 1966. Dr. Hynek has been given permission to grant a press conference at Selfridge AFB as soon as the conclusions are reached and he has spoken with Major Quintanilla. Congressman Vivian asked about various purported aircraft in the area at the time. Major replied that this was being checked out presently. Congressman Vivian asked that he be notified before a press conference is given by Dr. Hynek.

- page 144 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGE/FORM - CONTINUATION SHEET
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

STD, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

VIVIAN THEN ASKED HOW LONG MAJOR QUINTANILLA HAD BEEN IN CHARGE OF PROJECT BLUE BOOK. THIS MAJOR REPLIED THAT HE HAD BEEN IN CHARGE FOR 32 MONTHS. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN THEN ASKED TO WHOM MAJOR QUINTANILLA REPORTED TO AND HE REPLIED THAT HE REPORTED TO COLONEL, ERIC J DE JONCKHEERE. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN THEN ASKED TO WHOM COLONEL DE JONCKHEERE REPORTED TO AND MAJOR QUINTANILLA REPLIED THAT HE REPORTED TO B/G CRUICKSHANK. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN ASKED WHO ASSISTED MAJOR QUINTANILLA IN INVESTIGATIONS. MAJOR REPLIED THAT SGT MOODY ASSISTS AND HAS A DEGREE IN PSYCHOLOGY WITH 2% HOURS OF POST-GRADUATE WORK. MAJOR QUINTANILLA INFORMED CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN THAT OTHER BRANCHES OF THE AIR FORCE ASSIST US. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN REQUESTED THAT HE BE SENT THE NUMBER OF PERSONNEL WORKING ON THIS PROJECT AND WHAT THEIR QUALIFICATIONS WERE, AND IN WHAT MANNER REPORTING IS DONE.

COORDINATION:
DREW  DATE: 24 FEB 66
MAJOR R. QUINTANILLA, JR  ORIGINATOR  DATE: 24 FEB 66
COLONEL BICKUM  DATE:

TSFW/UFO  PAGE NR OF 2 SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED INITIALS:

- page 145 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image. 

OUTPUT OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

JOINT MESSAGE FORM
DATE 29 MAR 66 UTC 1213Z
PRIORITY
FROM: FTD, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO
TO: AFSC, ANDREWS AFB, MD
INFO: USAF, WASH, D.C.
UNCLASS FM DEG/UFO MARCH 1966. FOR SAFOICC.
FOR SGFA (MAJOR GREGORY). CONFIRMING TELECON BETWEEN MAJ GREGORY (SGFA) AND MAJ QUINTANILLA (TDEW). CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN (MICHIGAN) CALLED MAJ QUINTANILLA ON 28 MARCH 1966 AT 1120 HOURS AND REQUESTED THAT MAJOR QUINTANILLA INFORM HIM OF ANY PRESS CONFERENCE REGARDING UFOS, WHICH WOULD BE HELD BY DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN REQUESTED THAT HE BE ADVISED AT LEAST THREE HOURS PRIOR TO THE PRESS CONFERENCE. SAFOICC HAS ADVISED OF CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN'S CONVERSATION AND THEY SAID THAT THEY WOULD HANDLE THIS SITUATION. ON 29 MARCH AT 1220 HOURS CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN CALLED MAJ QUINTANILLA AND IMMEDIATELY ASKED WHY HE HAD NOT BEEN ADVISED OF DR. HYNEK'S PRESS CONFERENCE. 
MAJ QUINTANILLA INFORMED THE CONGRESSMAN THAT SAPO1 WAS TO ADVISE HIM OF THE PRESS CONFERENCE. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN BECAME QUITE CURT AND ASKED FOR SAPO1'S PHONE NUMBER. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN THEN ASKED IF MAJ QUINTANILLA HAD A DEGREE AND IF SO IN WHAT FIELD. MAJOR QUINTANILLA REPLIED THAT HE HAD A B.S. IN PHYSICS. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN STATED HE HAD A DEGREE ALSO.
MAJOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Chief, Aerial Phenomena
70916/766588
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, COLONEL,USAF
DEPUTY FOR TECHNOLOGY AND CLASSIFICATION

- page 146 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO or flying saucer. The sketch is labeled "QUILTED TYPE SAUCER" and describes the color as "BROWN COLOR". The sketch also includes annotations such as "LARGEST LIGHT BETWEEN LIGHTS".

Text extracted from the document:
QUILTED TYPE SAUCER
BROWN COLOR
LARGEST LIGHT BETWEEN LIGHTS

- page 147 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch depicts some kind of territorial or geographical information, including labels such as "CLEAR FIELD", "TREES", and "OBJECTS". It seems to be a rough map or diagram, possibly related to a UFO sighting or investigation.

N. TERRITORIAL RD.

QUIGLEY RD.

CLEAR FIELD

TREES

OBJECTS

ROAD

- page 148 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a map of Washtenaw County, Michigan from 1964. The text in the image states "WASHTENAW COUNTY MICHIGAN 1964" at the top.

WASHTENAW COUNTY
MICHIGAN
1964
RANGE 8E.
RANGE 7E.
RANGE 6E.
DEXTER
WEBSTER
NORTHFIELD
SALINE

- page 149 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AIR FORCE STATEMENT REGARDING THE UFO SIGHTINGS AT DEXTER, MICHIGAN, ON MARCH 20, 1966, AND HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN, ON MARCH 21, 1966

The investigation of these two sightings was conducted by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, scientific consultant to Project Blue Book, personnel from Selfridge AFB, Michigan; and personnel from the Project Blue Book office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

In addition to these two specific cases, there has been a flood of reports of similar cases both before and after March 20 and 21. The investigating personnel have not had the time to investigate all of these. It has been determined, however, that in Hillsdale, over and above the sincere and honest reporting by the young ladies at Hillsdale College, certain young men have claimed with certain claims. It has been determined that the press was taken on March 17, just before sunrise near Milan, Michigan, and have nothing to do with the cases in question. The photograph clearly shows trails made as a result of a time exposure of the rising sun and the plane making.

The majority of observers in both the Dexter and Hillsdale cases have reported only sightings glowing lights near the ground - red, yellow, and blue-green. They have not described an object. The only two observers who did describe an object state that they were no closer than 500 yards - better than a quarter of a mile away - a distance which shall be determined.

Witnesses have described slowing lights - lights that seem to move but never rise above certain glow or lights which suddenly disappeared and popped up at another place. The locals in both cases insist the loation was of the slow-moving light flown which distinguish in a swamp between trees and mountains. At Hillsdale it was seen in a swampy depression between the girls and the distant trees. It was in both cases a very localized phenomena. The swampy location is most significant.

A swamp is a place of rotting vegetation and decomposition. Swamps are not a province of astronomers. As the famous Dutch astronomer, Minnaert, in his book, Light and Color in the Open Air, describes lights that have been seen in swamps by the astronomers-Essel and others, these lights sometimes show flickering motion and pulsating above it. The flames go out in one place and suddenly appear in another, giving the illusion of motion. The colors are sometimes yellow, sometimes red, and sometimes blue-green. No heat is felt, and the lights do not constrain or char the ground. They can appear for hours at a time. They can appear for hours at a time. There is no sound except for the popping sound of little explosions such as when a gas bubble is ignited.

- page 150 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which describes a reported UFO sighting in Southern Michigan.

The text in the document is as follows:

UFOs Just Swamp Gas?
Continued from Page 1
through the swamp mist, Manner estimates that it was about the size of 1/2 and 1/3 times the moon - about 200 to 300 yards away.
IT DIDN'T make a sound.
The silence from that eerie glow to bright that it lighted the area of their tracks for about three or four minutes.
Pinally Manner could contain himself no longer.
And with that, said Manner, the lights snapped off.
Somehbw, a high-powered light scan had detected across the swamp - it seemed to be a rapid vibrating or oscillating scan.
BY THAT TIME, they reached the road. Manner said, the craft had moved perhaps 500 yards to the west, and once again it was glowing red.
Manner said he and his son switched on his flashlight - and a short while later the object or lights merely disappeared.
A few minutes later, Manner said, the lights went out of sight, apparently climbing straight up and then disappear.
The next day Manner spent four hours wading through the bushes-hoping to find some trace of the craft.
I EXAMINED it closely, he said, for every branch, but I couldn't see a thing. There was no smell of any kind of swamp grass that was broken.
The Manners are convinced at some of the events that have occurred.
When the light went out, Leland, 17, lapsed into feverish excitement nervousness and cold. He was in bed the next morning with cold-like symptoms.
a former student received phone calls from students from the nearby university of Michigan, said they had picked up the report on radios tuned to the station that carries Manner's news reports.
A young woman and a couple men in a red Corvair stopped in front of the house. A young man set out and peered a beer bottle through the bedroom window and screamed: "Martians!"
Neighbors told Manner that a spotlight was seen in the bedroom window and screams were heard. Leland remembered that he and his father discussed the brilliant light they saw.
Two weeks later, Mrs. Manner said Leland pum ped the 0.1 in the face. A psychiatrist told Leland that he did not have any psychiatric problems, but was greatly disturbed by the incident.
By week's end, Mrs. Manner, a housewife, had been given sedatives, and detezved to bed by her physician.

- page 151 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. Since the image does not contain a human face, I will proceed to extract the text from the document as requested.

The rotting vegetation produces marsh gas which can be trapped during the winter by ice. When the spring thaw occurs, the gas may be released in some quantity. The flames, Minneneat says, is a form of chemical luminescence, and its low temperature is not known and could well be the subject of further investigation.

The glowing lights over the swamps near Dexter and Hillsdale were observed for two or three hours, and they were red, green, and yellow. They appeared to move sideways and to rise a short distance. No sound was heard except a popping sound.

It seems entirely likely that as the present spring thaw came, the trapped gases, CH4, H2S, and PH3, resulting from decomposition of organic material, were released. The chemistry book by Sienko and Plane cites this low temperature ignition of marsh gas as "combustion of the phosphine PH3 which may impure P2H4". The will-of-the-wisp, sometimes observed in marshes, may be due to spontaneous ignition of impure PH3 which might be formed by reduction of naturally occurring phosphorus compound.

It has been pointed out to the investigating personnel by other scientists that in some cases this in swamp gas the concentration of H2 and CH4 from decomposition could be ignited by the spontaneous burning of PH3.

The association of the sightings with swamps in this particular instance is more than coincidence. No group of witnesses observed any solid object or craft. Lieutenants Minkenett and Fitzpatrick described the glow from beyond a rise adjacent to the swamp as visible through the trees. He stated that the light brightened and dimmed much as stage lights do - smoothly and slowly - and this description exactly fits the hillside lighting also. The brightening and dimming could have been due to the release of variable quantities of gas.

The disappearance of the lights when people got close with flashlights or lights appears to indicate that these glow seemed bright to dark-adapted eyes. The night was dark and there was no moon. The Hillsdale girls said their room dark in order to see the swamp lights.

It appears very likely that the combination of the conditions of this particular winter (an unusually mild one in that area) and the particular weather conditions of that night - it was clear and there was little wind at either location - were such as to have produce this unusual and puzzling display.

- page 152 -

The image contains a hand-drawn illustration of a UFO or unidentified flying object. The illustration depicts the UFO as having a circular shape with a dome-like structure on top. The text accompanying the illustration describes the UFO as having a "quilted type surface" and a "brown color". The illustration also includes labels for the "largest light" and "beacons lights" on the UFO.

The text in the image reads:

QUILTED TYPE SURFACE
BROWN COLOR
LARGEST LIGHT
BEACON LIGHTS

- page 153 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a hand-drawn map or sketch with various annotations and markings.

N. TERRITORIAL RD.
MILEY 52
CAE/FIELD
R ET IRAC ED
GAWLEY
T.C. F700.1
F V 700.05

- page 154 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a report or document.

ignited by a spontaneous oxidation of the impurity PH3. The will-o'-the-wisp, sometimes observed in marshes, may be due to spontaneous ignition of impure PH3, which might be formed by reduction of naturally occurring phosphorus compounds.

Other scientists have pointed out to me that in swamps the formation of H2S and CH4 from rotting vegetation is common. These could be ignited by the spontaneous burning of the Phosphine, PH3.

It would seem to me that the association of the sightings with swamps, in these particular cases, is more than coincidence. No group of witnesses observed any craft coming to or going away from the swamp. The glow was localized there. Deputy Fitzpatrick described the glow as coming from beyond a rise adjacent to the swamp...and visible through the trees. He stated that the lights brightened and dimmed much as stage lights do—smoothly and slowly. The girls at Hillsdale described almost the identical things. This could have been due to the release of variable quantities of marsh gas.

The disappearance of the light when people got close with flashlights or car lights, would indicate that the glow seemed bright only to dark-adapted eyes. The light would have been their weak signal to the moon. In order to see the lights in the swamp, their eyes had to adapt in order to see the lights in the swamp.

I emphasize in conclusion that I cannot prove in a Court of Law that this is the full explanation of these sightings. It appears very likely, however, that the combination of the conditions of this particular winter, an unusually mild one in this area, and the particular weather conditions that night—there was little wind at either location—were such as to have produced this unusual and puzzling display.

- page 155 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, discussing observations of unusual lights or phenomena.

The text in the document is as follows:

"Whenever, Hinnant, in his book, "Flight and Color, in the Open Air," has this to say about swamps. He describes lights that have been seen in swamps by the astronomer Benoit and other observers. The lights, he says, resemble tiny flames, sometimes seen right on the ground, sometimes floating above it. The flames go out in one place and suddenly appear in another, giving the illusion of motion. The colors, he says, are sometimes yellow, sometimes red and blue-green. No heat is felt, and the lights do not harm or char the ground. They can appear for hours at a time and sometimes for a whole night. Generally there is no smell, and usually no sound, except the popping sound of little explosions, such as when a gas burner ignites.

Where does the gas come from, and what lights it? The rotating vegetation-eating marsh gas which can be ignited by ice and winter conditions. When a spring thaw occurs, the gas may be released in some quantity.

The flame, Hinnant says, is a form of chemical luminescence and its low temperature is one of its peculiar features. Exactly how it occurs is not known and this in itself might be made a subject of an interesting study.

The glowing lights on the swamp near Exeter, Maine, were observed for two to three hours. No sounds were heard, except for popping sounds. The lights were red, green or yellow and they appeared to move sideways, and to rise a short distance. I emphasize this would not be seen frequently, as this is of a unique character. I have never seen it myself and I can easily understand the dismay of the witnesses who see it and who sincerely described what they saw."

- page 156 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

And, I have also determined that the pictures released yesterday to the press were taken on March 17, near Milan, Mich., and have no reference whatever to the sightings of March 20 or 21st, and are without any question a time exposure of the rising crescent moon and the planet Venus. I emphasize that this explanation refers to those specific pictures and not to the two cases now in question.

At long last now, the Dexter and Hillsdale cases: Here are the hard facts, the residue, the common denominator after sifting out as much of the subjective, peripheral, and inconsistent statements as I have been able to do in this short time.

The bodily of observers in both cases reported only lights—red, yellow and green, silent glowing lights, near the ground. They have not described an object. Even the only two observers who did describe an object have stated that they were no closer than 500 yards—better than a quarter of a mile away—a distance which does not allow details to be determined.

Witnesses have described glowing lights—lights that seemed to move but never far from a definite locale, or which suddenly disappeared and popped up at another place. Now what was that locale in both instances? In both cases, a swamp. In both cases the location of the glow was pin-pointed: in Dexter it was seen between two distant groups of people, and at Hillsdale it was seen in a swampy depression between the girls and distant trees. It was in both cases a very localized phenomenon. I think that this is a most significant point.

A dismal swamp is a most unlikely place for a visit from outer space! It is not a place where a helicopter would hover for several hours, or where a controlled, secret device would likely be tested.

Now what is a swamp? It is a place of rotting vegetation and of decomposition. Swamps are not the normal province of the astronomer; he usually has his eyes trained toward far loftier places—yet the Dutch astronomer van Albada once remarked on the frequency of mysterious lights near the ground in his country's swamps and marshes.

- page 157 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text, which I will proceed to transcribe as requested:

APPENDIX "A"
STATEMENT ON THE DEXTER AND HILLSDALE UFO SIGHTINGS, by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Scientific Consultant to Project Blue Book.

The Air Force has asked me to make a statement on my findings to date. This I am happy to do, provided it is clearly understood that my statement will refer to the two principal events as reported to me: the event near Dexter, Mich., on March 20, and a similar one at Hillsdale, Mich., on March 21. It does not cover the hundreds of unexplained reports as opposed to the thousands of explained cases made not only to Project Blue Book, but those from other countries, over the past several years, as described in recent books and articles. I have not investigated those—such as the one near Exeter, N.H. and those in the western states last year, nor the puzzling foreign cases, such as that at Cuemavaca, Mexico, last fall. I have recommended in my capacity as Scientific Consultant, that competent scientists carefully study such cases when evidence from responsible people appears to warrant such study. There may be much of potential value to science in such events. We know a very great deal more about the physical world in 1966, than we did in 1866—but, by the same token, the people in the year 2066 may regard us as very incomplete in our scientific knowledge. We must not in our haste to have answers, be Frederick Smiths.

If then, it is understood I am not making a blanket statement to cover the entire UFO phenomenon over the past 20 years in this and other countries, I am prepared to discuss the Dexter and Hillsdale sightings.

Now, in addition to these two specific cases, there has been a flood of other reports from this area, both before and after last Sunday and Monday, and I could not possibly have had the time to investigate all of these. I have had time, however, to determine that in Hillsdale, over and above the sincere and honest reporting by the young ladies at Hillsdale College of a very puzzling sighting, certain young men have played pranks with flares.

- page 158 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that discusses Project Blue Book and UFO sightings in Michigan. 

Text from the document:

In conclusion, it is unfortunate that so much press and public attention
was paid to the Michigan sightings which, as far as UFO reports go, do not
compare in substance or in competent witnesses, to many other cases in the
file which got very little attention. But at least, in the Michigan cases
there was a possible fairly obvious physical explanation at hand; with the
others, which remain unidentified, this does not appear to be the case.

END

- page 159 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:

been present. On the other hand, no convincing or coherent evidence was presented that any object had been seen either to enter or to leave the swamp areas. And why swamp areas in both cases? The case for swamp gas is by no means conclusive, and is unprovable, but still remains in my mind as a logical explanation for the majority opinion as to what was sighted. I therefore presented this likely explanation at the requested press conference, at which I pointed out in no uncertain terms that the swamp gas hypothesis was just that and that "I couldn't prove it in a court of law".

I wish that a press conference had not been necessary, or, if necessary that it had been handled more expertly and adroitly. I have little to say that is complimentary about the public relations office at Selfridge Field. It was in the extreme, and displayed no knowledge of how a press conference should be handled.

The entire matter of a full dress press conference was most distasteful to me because I would rather present carefully weighed and consistent evidence and conclusions, with due time allowed, to a body of scientific colleagues than be subject at a moment's notice to a roaring pack of news hounds whose chief interest appears to be in getting a quick story.

I recommend once again, as I have often in the past, in my capacity as scientific consultant, that the UFO phenomenon which has now plagued us for a score of years, and has been responsible for countless words in newsprint during that time, should be recognized as a scientific and sociological problem of our times and studied as such by competent men in various fields. Further, since the first requisite for any scientific investigation is concern for the quality of the basic data, much more attention should be paid to the immediate gathering and processing of such data.

- page 160 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on UFO sightings in Dexter-Hillsdale, Michigan during March 20-21, 1966.

REPORT ON THE DEXTER-HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN UFO SIGHTINGS OF 20 - 21 MARCH 1966

In my capacity as scientific consultant to the Air Force on UFOs, I was requested to investigate two major sightings in Michigan which, for some reason, had captured public attention and were the subject of many radio and news stories. It was unfortunate that I did not ask permission to take at least two assistants along. Mr. *** of the Dearborn Observatory asked to go along, as had Mr. *** and Mr. ***. A far better job of interviewing the large number of ostensible witnesses to the same events could have been done.

Once upon the scenes (Dexter and Hillsdale - and Ann Arbor and Chelsea along with Dexter), despite the help of AZC Banby (loaned from Selfridge Field) I realized that the task was far too great for one man if all the witnesses wishing to be interviewed (and many of whom were 'miffed' because I had either not had a chance to talk with them or was able to give only a short time to them) were to be satisfied. Since I had no authority to call in help without going through PTD, and that would take time, I decided upon the following plan of action: I would limit myself to interrogating key witnesses in both localities and would use as the basis of my judgment only those 'information bits' that were agreed upon by several witnesses. I could not give weight to one person who contradicted some bit of information which the others had already concurred in. Thus I had to neglect the testimony of one person who said he saw an object when the majority in the same location described only lights. Had I had assistance, I would have adopted the plan of having an assistant interrogate separately the single witnesses who had a different story to tell. I cannot com-

- page 161 -

The image appears to contain a photograph, which is described in the text as showing "ONE object suspended in the sky, which was captured on film according to HYNER, a local official." The text also mentions "NUMEROUS UFO sightings have been reported in Michigan, especially in the southern part of the state."

The text in the document is as follows:

UFO SIGHTINGS INSIST SAUCER
From Daily News Wire Service: 
DETROIT, MICH. 26 - An expert's opinion that some of Michigan's unidentified flying objects (UFOs) probably were manned space vehicles continued the Air Force line that the Air Force itself cannot identify all the sightings.
I'm an professor, and I'm not as alarmed as him, but Allen Hynek said that Dr. J. Allen Hynek, consultant to the Air Force on UFOs, had confirmed some sightings.
House Republican Leader Gerald R. Ford (Mich.) also is urging that a committee of Congress investigate UFOs over southern Michigan and other parts of the nation.
FORD IS APPARENTLY dissatisfied as the Air Force official position that they have either "explained the reports" or "have come up with nothing conclusive."
"The American people are becoming alarmed by the UFO stories," said Ford. "There have been sightings and incidents..."
DR. H. ALLEN HYNEK, UFO PHOTO ANALYZER at Venres Astronomical Society says the photograph shows one object which is about 50 miles southwest of Detroit. It was apparently seen through a small telescope at the Observatory.
NUMEROUS UFO sightings have been reported in Michigan, especially in the southern part of the state. Hynek said that he has interviewed groups that have witnessed unusual aerial phenomena in this area.
HE SAID his study was confined to sightings made near the northern part of the state and the southern part.
Twenty-two of these sightings were by college professors and five by local city officials and the county civil defense director.
THERE WERE no flares involved, said Hynek, and Van Hollen, director, he said, the sightings probably were not caused by flares exploding for nearly three hours, as some contend.
"I think it will disappear (Hynek) in a few weeks," said John Van Hollen, director, "because this is the first case for the millions of observers of these sightings i know no flares were involved."
Frank Farnham and his son, Ronnie, 13, are sure what they saw. Although he could not make out the form of the object, Farnham is "95% certain" that he seen an actual flying saucer.

- page 162 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The text below the image has been transcribed as follows:

plain about the lack of assistance, however, since none of us knew what proportions these incidents would assume as the next few days came around.

My interrogations were made triply difficult because of the ubiquitous press, radio and TV men. It was impossible to talk quietly with anyone without having a microphone placed in front of your face. I was always importuned for "just a word" or, "will you answer just one question?" It is difficult to describe to one who wasn't there the general bedlam. Mr. ______, the chief protagonist in the Dexter case, reportedly complained that I had spent very little time with him. It was virtually impossible to do so; several times I was visiting and anxious to talk with him but he was occupied with several reporters. Here again is where some assistants would have come in handy; they could have diverted the reports while I talked to _____. One needs some clever interference run for him in cases like this; it is virtually impossible to do it single handed. By contrast, I recall the Eagle River, Wisconsin "pancake" case. In that instance I had chartered a plane and took several graduate students with me. They were invaluable in chasing down leads, assisting in the interrogation of subsidiary witnesses and running very necessary interference, making special arrangements to see people etc. I have resolved that in investigating future cases, if I do at all, I must have at least one dependable assistant who knows the ropes. Otherwise too much time is wasted in sheer mechanics.

Through the kindness of Prof. ______ of the Graduate School, University of Michigan, I made my headquarters at his home during my several day stay and both he and Mrs. ______ were of extreme help. Mrs. ______ gave freely of her time in answering the phone, which seemed to ring incessantly, to varying hours, and then again early in the morning. It was through Dr. ______ and his kindness that I was put into touch with several University of Michigan faculty members who were very helpful to me.

- page 163 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

County Sheriff Harvey - Washtenaw County
Deputy Stanley McFadden
Deputy David Fitzpatrick
Patrolman Hunnawell
Chief Gerald G. Miller
Chief Taylor
Mr. XXXXX, son-in-law of XXXXX
Univ of Michigan, Astronomy Dept. (11 members)
Univ of Michigan, Faculty members (9 members)

- page 164 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Mr. Radio and Television Engineer
Funeral Director and Civil Defense Chief in Hillsdale
Chief John Palmer, Chelsea Police
Mrs. Housemother at Hillsdale College
Miss Students at Hillsdale whom Mrs. Hearn chose
Patrolman Clyde Myers as having had the greatest first hand knowledge.
Patrolman Sharpe
(Sgt. Schueder, Deps Bushra and Anderson were contacted by A2C Hanby)

I should apologize for the lack of detail in the description of the people I interviewed. Things happened so fast - there was little time for making formal records. The next time I undertake an investigation of any scope I will want to take with me an IBM portable recorder to assist me in getting names, places, and associations down correctly.

There may be some comment that I never interviewed Mr. ____. I fully intended to. He was either with reporters or unavailable. There simply was not enough time to interview everyone.

My questions were specifically directed towards determining what was visibly perceived and towards pinpointing the location and extent and duration of the phenomena.

Case A - Dexter, Michigan.
The following is the report of the report received at the Washtenaw County Sheriff's Department at 8:35pm on 20 March 1966 and of the local investigation made. This can be said to have initiated the succession of events.

"Complainant called and stated that there was a strange object in the swamp at the end of _____ Rd. It was on the ground, went up in air about 500 feet and came down, making a lot of noise.

INVESTIGATION: Dispatched to the above location, and made contact with the complainant at _____ Road. Complainant advised that an un-identified object was presently located in the swamp, to the rear of afore mentioned

- page 165 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, describing a UFO sighting incident.

Transcribed text from the document:

location, and had been so located for approximately (1/2) one-half hour. Complainant further related that the object had been observed to rise to an altitude of approximately 500 feet, and then to return to the ground. Subject stated that lights were observed upon the object, and that the lighting turned from a blue-green to a brilliant red to yellow in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty in getting off of the ground. 

, and his son, had watched the object for some time, and then proceeded into the woods and swamps, in an attempt to locate the object, and to see what it was. Both and were within the area at the time of arrival of the undersigned officers.

ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officers, in company with the complainant, proceeded along Dexter-Pinckney Road to Territorial Road, and then turned onto Quigley Road, where a vantage point was obtained, being in direct line with the house, and the area of the objects observation (See Map). At this point, the patrol vehicle was secured, and the above mentioned proceeded into the woods, in attempt to locate the swamp area, and the object. While in the woods area, a brilliant light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light dimmed in brilliance. As the afore mentioned approached the upper ridge, and edge of the woods, the brilliant light again appeared, and then disappeared. A continued search of the area was conducted, through swamp, and high grass, with negative results.

Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met by others who had gathered to observe, and the undersigned officers were informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where our flashlight beams had been seen, and had then departed in a west direction of flight, at high rate of speed. Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the under-

- page 166 -

The image contains a detailed description of an observed UFO sighting, but there is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Now, acting as an OCR (optical character recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

signed officers returned to the Road address, where they were talked to.

TALK WITH stated that he had observed the lights coming from the swamp, and had awakened his son then proceeded into the swamp in an attempt to find out the object which was producing the light. Upon entering the lower edge of the swamp, he stated "what is that thing", and as he looked in the direction indicated, the object was observed. At the instant of observation the small lights went out, and in just an instant, re-appeared across the swamp, a distance of about 500 yards. At this time, the object became illuminated from a brilliant source of light, which flowed horizontally between two small lights. After watching for a couple of minutes, the rays of light from two flashlights were observed from the ridge above the object. The light from the object intensified, then went out, and a whistle similar to the sound of a rifle bullet ricochet was heard, and the object passed directly over in just an instant.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: Object was observed to be of a brown coloring, appearing to be quilted type outside surface. Object appeared to be flat upon the bottom, and came shaped toward the top, however, being low in height. Two small lights appeared to be at the outer edges of the object, glowing in a bluish-green light, and intensifying to a brilliant red in color. When the vehicle or object illuminated, the lighting was a yellow-white in color, and ran horizontal between the two outer lights, allowing some of the object to be viewed. Outer body appeared to be rough in texture.

PERSONS OBSERVING OBJECT: Dexter, DOB Jan 5, 1919. - Dexter, DOB Jan 29, 1947. Several Others.,..names unknown.

- page 167 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned document page from a UFO report.

FURTHER UFO SIGHTED: Shortly after the UFO was departed from the scene, CHELSEA POLICE DEPARTMENT reported sighting a similar object over the Village of Chelsea, hovering, and then departing at high rate of speed in a westerly direction.

A further sighting of similar blulsh-green lights was reported near the woods and swamp, north side of N Territorial Road, between Scully Road, and Webster-Church Road, in Webster Twp., County of Washtenwa, by Washtenaw County Sheriff's Patrol #19, however, when investigated and were not observed again. Further search of the area was made with negative results.

DISPOSITION: FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS.
STATUS: OPEN

End of Record at Washtenaw County Sheriff Office.

Mr. Wagner "the complainant" is the one who made the original sighting. He stated that he was about to enter his house from a front yard, when according to him, he noticed a bright light out of the corner of his eye. He thought at first it was a falling star which he said abruptly stopped right over a swamp to the immediate north of his barn. He called his son, Ronald, out from the house to verify the sighting and together they watched the glow of light behind the trees in the distant swamp. Apparently at this time Mr. Wagner made the report to the Sheriff's office. Deputy McFadden and Fitzpatrick were dispatched to the [REDACTED] farm and in my interview with McFadden and particularly with Fitzpatrick (with whom I spent several hours in detailed discussions) they stated that upon arrival at the farm Mr. [REDACTED] and his son confirmed the sighting.

- page 168 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

were already making a trek to the swamp area to look in an attempt to locate the "object". ___ and his son did not carry any lights, save a cigarette lighter (it seems strange since the night was dark, using the new moon). The deputies thereupon proceeded to the point marked A on figure all, where they parked their car. They then proceeded towards the glow along a path marked by a dotted line (a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B). From point B, Deputy Fitzpatrick observed a glow emanating from point marked C. Point C is also indicated on a map on the region. Points A, B, C & M are also indicated on figure 2. Deputy Fitzpatrick reported that the glow reported at C brightened and dimmed slowly. "as though stage lights were being brightened and dimmed". 
Deputy Fitzpatrick never observed anything other than a glow. He did not even observe the glow to rise to the tree top level ___ and his son indicated it had.
While Deputy McFadden busied himself in another direction in the swamp, Deputy Fitzpatrick proceeded towards the glow. The deputies were equipped with flashlights and the lights from the flashlights were visible to Mr. ___ and his son who had now returned to the farm and were observing the deputies search afrom afar. Deputy Fitzpatrick stated to me that as he and his flashlight approached the glow, whose source was apparently hidden by a slight rise in the terrain, the glow disappeared. Deputy Fitzpatrick did not see it again. Mr. ___ reported that as he observed the deputies approach the depression with their flashlights (the area of the glow) the glow disappeared there and immediately appeared at a more distant point of the swamp. Mr. ___ described the motion of the glow as a smooth horizontal motion which did not follow the

- page 169 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a typed report describing an alleged UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

countour of the land. He indicated that if this had been an ordinary vehicle the lights would have proceeded with a bumpy motion because of the irregularities in the terrain. Mr._ advised that the glow in various parts of the swamp lasted for 2 1/2 - 3 hours. The stories of Mr._ and Deputies McFadden do not exactly agree here but this might be due to their different advantage points.

During the night, they never getting closer than 1/2 mile) they stated that as they came closer to the swamp they saw an oval object depicted in figures 3 & 4. Deputy McFadden drew figure #4, though he stated to me that he had not seen the object himself. _ and his son described the vehicle as a brownish oval with a green and white light at the opposite ends of the longitudinal axis and a bright orange-colored light in between the two.

When the officers returned to their patrol car they found two other patrol cars there. Deputy Hunnavill and his wife who were in one car, and Officer Bushroe in another, asked the returning officers whether they had seen the lights directly above them. The new arrivals stated that four lights were hovering directly above the officers while they were searching in the swamp, and expressed surprise that the officer had not seen the lights. Deputy Hunnavill stated that one of the lights came directly towards his car, passing it slightly to the right. Mrs._ had rolled the window down and, peering out, stated that she observed the ball or light to pass very close to the car. Officer Hunnavill had turned the car motor off to check whether any sound came from the ball of light, there was none. As he did so the object was visible in front of him through the windshield. He got out, paused to shut the door, and then looked around for the object, only to discover that the object was already to his left.

- page 170 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document containing text from a Project Blue Book report.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

On Thursday, March 24th I traveled to Hillsdale with Airman 2nd Class Hanby and his driver to investigate the Hillsdale case. We called first at the rear of the car. This high angular rate, if correct, would indicate that the light must have been very near. 

Before proceeding with a discussion of these observations it would be best to examine the basic reports from the Hillsdale area because of the great similarity between them and those in Dexter.

It is most unfortunate that none of the witnesses in the Dexter area were technically trained. It was difficult for me to speak to them in terms of angles, and angular rates - their powers of description were inadequate to the occasion; they would have made poor reports or investigators. This is not to disparage the witnesses, and certainly not to impugn their honesty or sincerity - they simply lacked the ability to describe accurately and technically.

Let us now examine the Hillsdale case: the witnesses were of the same order as those at Dexter with the exception of Mr. __, who has had technical training, and is generally articulate. But even for him the words of accurate description failed him. Further, to one of his training, he should have availed himself of other technically trained people in the area rather than rely solely on the girls at Hillsdale college. The college has some science teachers who certainly should have been alerted and their opinions and observations solicited. Also, while we could hardly expect the people at Hillsdale, with a good vantage point, and three hours available to them, should have placed a camera in action and obtained a time exposure of the lights. So now let us look at the Hillsdale case:

CASE 3 - Hillsdale, Michigan
On Thursday, March 24th I traveled to Hillsdale with Airman 2nd Class Hanby and his driver to investigate the Hillsdale case. We called first at the rear of the car.

- page 171 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the given image. The image is a page from an old UFO report document that contains text describing a sighting incident.

Here is the text output from the document:

the home of _____ County Civil Defense Director and operator of the _____ Funeral Home. He has a pilots license, been in the Air Force, and is a very knowledgeable and seemingly efficient person. I talked with him at length about the sighting. Mrs. _____ wind taken the first call, a report from the girls' dormitory, to the effect that there were blue, red and white lights visible to the east from the dormitory near the ground. _____ went to the back roof of his house and for 10 minutes scanned the skies and could see nothing. He did see a white light in the SW which he stated was stationary at first, and then appeared to change azimuth from 210 to 270 degrees. His wife and some others observed it for about 20 minutes. He said it wasn't a star, and not an aircraft because it remained in the field of the binoculars for five minutes. But he saw nothing in the area of the sky to the northeast and east. This was reported to the girls but they called back at _____ and stated, in effect,"sorry to bother your, don't want you to think we are crackpots, but this is coming down" - it was straight down of the dormitory and probably is miles away, they stated. Van Horn called the State Police as well as the city police who arrived shortly, investigated the area and reported there was nothing to be seen. Because the girls continued to report lights, decided to go to the dormitory. He saw Mrs. _____ housemother at the dormitory, who took them to the second floor of the dormitory. They went to the room where Miss _____ girls were. The girls had the room dark and windows open and were looking down towards a swampy depression in the country side. _____ observed the lights then himself for the first time.

- page 172 -

