The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a historical government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

OCR Text Output:

DATE-TIME-GROUP
Nov 64 0130Z

2. LOCATION
Kettering, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Constant

8. PHOTOS
0 No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 Yes
0 No

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a very bright orange-red object in the eastern part of the sky in addition to the star which was moving at a fast rate, descending and ascending in the sky, finally disappearing. The object was observed for approximately 3 hours, but due to the lack of definite data, the evaluation is inconclusive. Without more definite data, its nature and origin could not be determined.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information titled "Questionnaire" which has been filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name and address will be kept in confidence, and there will be no publicity or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you say the object? Nov 1966
2. Time of day: 5:30 a.m. (Circle One): A.M. or P.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Kettering, Montgomery
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image in the provided document. The document appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with information about the sighting of an unidentified object at night.

B. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. None, d. Don't remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full moonlight, b. Crescent moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Stormy, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapors, d. As a light

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Brighter than the Sun, true light

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) YES, NO, Don't know

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? ZZ-C
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES (RO) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES (NO) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound NO    b. Color A very bright orange-red
18. Was the object or any part of it ever behind the clouds, trees, or other objects so that the object was partially hidden? If so, estimate how much of the object was covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match?
all or just about all of it
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc. and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch is provided, showing a curved line and several dots.]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer of a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
C. Outdoors

23. Were you:
b. In the residential section of a city?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? North
24.2 How fast were you moving? Miles per hour

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
c. Windshield Yes
g. Theodolite Yes

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a bowler hat with a wide rim

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch and diagrams related to a UFO or unidentified flying object report. The sketch shows the trajectory and movement of the object, as well as a compass diagram. The text in the image provides instructions on how to interpret the sketch and diagrams. There is no photographic image present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "8" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass (at the bottom) to show the direction from which you first saw it. Place a "8" on the compass (at the bottom) to show the direction in which you last saw it.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "8" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

This one went highest.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with various questions and fields to be filled out.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
YES NO

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
All were at home

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: Kettering, 0. Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 13 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? To the air force

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by the witness.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 June 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
At first, we sighted it, it was at 45 in the sky. 2 hours later it was at 30°, 3 hours later it was at 67°, at about 1200 a small white dot disappeared into the big object.

- page 8 -

