The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a record of a UFO sighting incident.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
24 March 1966 2/0830Z
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
GROUND-VISUAL
7. COURSE
SE
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No
10. CONCLUSION
UNKNOWN (INSUFFICIENT DATA) (IAU)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted a round circle or as a ball of fire. It was so hot that the whole apartment was lit up. Object was like a big ball expanding, only the sides expanded and the heat intensity was so great that we could hardly watch it. Many continuing factors are noted throughout the report (date of observance, time etc).
FTD SEP 03 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing handwritten text.

Output of the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: aug.13 195.6

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

My lights at first we were both in about 2 are 3:000'clock p. M. The weather was clear and lead to have a drink we saw the people lit up and thought we forgot to turn the lights. Getting him self up upon that did not and went the light is now coming our kitchen. His exact words were "I,e a look". He had to he,a, to be a flight which is unusual for him. but that time the heat stayed that place for 30 minutes , that time I got up and looked out the middle of the night.

2 or 3:00 o'clock. it for 30 minutes. That the width of the the time those the plane is shedule sped up and took air is made a left turn. it for me I could but found day 24 sept 1955. This

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, with handwritten text that says "Caused met to believe is if a it acted signal at least to me it acted as such."

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

Caused met to believe is if a it acted signal at least to me it acted as such.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

USAF (TDSER)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
10 August 1966

LINCOLNFIELD (68500
Dear M:

Reference your unidentified observation. The information you provided has been entered into our files.
Please complete the attached UFO Form 14 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only handwritten text.

OCR Output:
Dear Sir:
After writing my previous report, it occured to me that I should add some additional information that I had omitted and which may have a bearing on the case.
At least I think so. My husband, who is one in a million to my way of thinking, says one night about a week ago ight our attention was attracted by a light, My husband thought that he might have forgotten to turn off our porch light, and went to see what the movement was. His attention was attracted by a ball of light only, it moved and extinguished. We looked like fine but it were from the porch to side and it was a making some kind of signal. It was a round ball of light only, it last about 10-15 seconds and then extinguished, We could not account for this as I said nothing to my husband since my previous report.
I trust this additional information may be of some help in your investigation. I would not want to be accused of withholding anything.

- page 5 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document says:

PTD (TSSER)//2
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
10 August 1966

Mrs. ****, Lincoln, Nebraska 68509

Dear Mrs. ****,

Reference your unidentified observation. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 164, and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report related to a Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

The text in the document is as follows:

"The reasons we were afraid to call people calling themselves may be strange people and we are still not sure what to think about it.

It now appears rather serious and we will stick to our story.
In a way it was fast-acting and we watched it very curiously but did not know what to think.
Please do not mention this to anyone still feel that this really happened to us.
It came hovering over the trees and seemed as well.
We are only local people and this is not a false report, because the others say they have not any doubt there was something seen that night, but they could not point it out.
This is not something we made up or felt as nice or die because they may have felt as nice did not feel as nice as die."

The text appears to be a handwritten account or report related to a UFO sighting, describing the witnesses' reaction and their hesitation to report it publicly.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: March 1966 0230Z
2. LOCATION: Lincoln, Nebraska
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: None
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noted a round circle or as a ball of fire. It was so hot in the apartment and was so light, the whole apartment was lit up. The object was like a ball expanding only the color changed, sometimes it was blue, then red, then orange. They could hardly watch it. Many conclusions are noted throughout the report (date of observance, time etc.).

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. Dull moonlight or pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. (Clear sky)
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: the moon

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a questionnaire form for reporting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 7 February 1966
2. Time of day: Between 5:00 and 5:30 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Lincoln, Lancaster County, Nebraska
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1/2 hour
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No _____
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright, b. Cloudy, NIGHT: c. Bright, d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your left, d. To your right, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. All the text in the image has been transcribed as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 30 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Where was the object? (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you see the object any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes   No
b. Sunglasses  Yes   No
c. Windshield (glass)  Yes   No
d. Window (glass)  Yes   No
e. Binoculars  Yes   No
f. Telescope  Yes   No
g. Theodolite  Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
The sighting was a bolide or unusually bright meteor that appeared to fall at an angle. It emitted a trail of sparks and left a trail
of luminous smoke that remained visible for several minutes.

- page 11 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire and handwritten responses.

Text transcribed from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes - It disappeared suddenly, behind a large cumulus cloud.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind a large cumulus cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: The object made no sound that could be heard.
b. Color: The object appeared metallic, bright silvery-white in color.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Heart-shaped, about 7 angular degrees

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
East - Object sideway-protruded, round as a moon, only half of its size

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form filled out by an individual.

Output of the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No and I do not have anything to add I say what I saw.

31. 1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Only my husband and I saw it that I know of.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] Lincoln [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 47 SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. My reactions were different. Our thoughts were - why us? This was a confidential report on our history.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Only to the editor on [REDACTED] 1966

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a diagram and text describing a sighting.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? One. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document with handwritten text that says "Caused me to believe as it seems a signal at least to me it acted as such."

- page 15 -

