The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
3 October 66 04/055  Lexington, Kentucky
3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
60 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
SK
8. PHOTOS
9. Yes
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
9. Yes 
TYPE
FTD FORM 4X0-4129 (TDFD)

CAPELLA was on an azimuth of 40 deg and at an elev of approximately 40°. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noted a star-like object in the NE portion of sky which remained stationary. The collecting of data from this unusual and continuous observation for five to ten minutes was made with the use of binoculars. But the most astounding thing was the twinkling star-like object would change color to a slightly bluish obliqe move very rapidly, at times disappearing briefly as though obscured by something. This performance was repeated for over five minutes.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report on a UFO sighting.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

Dear Sir:
This is to relate one of the most amazing phenomena i have ever witnessed. About 9:45 p.m. last evening, october 3, 1966, i was returning home from my scout meeting and let him out in the front yard. As my younger children had left out. After parking the car, i noticed a brightly twinkling star-like object about 30 degrees above the horizon. At first i thought it was a star, but soon realized it was moving from a shopping center (Eastland) about two miles distant in that direction. The object followed a straight line and all the stars in that area of the sky. The following motions were noted:
A slow ponderous small circling motion, back and forth, rising toward the zenith and sast--ward. But most astonishing and last--for five to thirty seconds--the think-shrink or pulse motion. At times impossible to detect or comprehend, it was somewhat similar in appearance to the blinking of a neon or flourescent light, but at times it nade the appearance of a swirling nebula of light. The central portion would appear to be intensely bright, even brighter than the whole peripheral band. This band would appear to slowly contract and then suddenly expand to the original size, and in its contraction all would contribute to the brightness of the central portion. Then suddenly all would contract to the brightness of the whole band. This phenomenon was observed for slightly over two minutes.  

Sincerely,
Earl

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from Project Blue Book regarding a report of an observation submitted by a person named M.D. from Lexington, Kentucky. The letter thanks M.D. for reporting the observation and states that the information provided is not sufficient for evaluation. The letter is signed by a Major from the United States Air Force who is the Chief of Project Blue Book.

The text of the letter is as follows:

PTD (ADET) 
M.G.McH-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
7 October 1966  

M. D.
Lexington, Kentucky 40507

Dear Dr. 
Reference your observation of 3 October. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD form 154 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,

[Signature]
Robert J. Friend, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OFFICE HOURS	
BY APPOINTMENT

LEXINGTON, KY.

page 2 of 2

Star shape serial. We observed this for nearly an hour during which time body cross to perhaps plus 45 degree toward the zenith and plus 5 degrees toward the east. Four glimmer, slow motion of this phenomenon was markedly apparent.

Very sincerely yours,

M.D.

- page 4 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

FTD (TDSTR)
Mr. John Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
13 October 1966

Dear Dr. [Redacted],

Thank you for the information regarding your observation of Capella. With studying illustrations, I would like to send your letter to Dr. Menzel at Harvard Observatory, as he has been studying illustrations of this type and is very interested in the observations for instructions for interpretation in the vivid description of your observation.

Thank you again for your most gracious letter.

Sincerely,

[Redacted], Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 5 -

