The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting that occurred on July 11, 1966 in Union, Pennsylvania. The report provides details about the sighting, including that observers saw a large, bright, red object with small windows and yellow lights shining in from a hay field. The witnesses watched the object for a short time and noticed a humming noise and a grinding noise coming from it. The report concludes that the case is categorized as "unidentified" since there is no plausible explanation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 July 66 12/01/52
2. LOCATION
Union, Pennsylvania (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE
Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 Hour
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
SE
8. PHOTOS
Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, consisting of a questionnaire with various questions about a sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
YES / NO

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
YES / NO

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5 or 6 blocks

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. In a moving automobile?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24.1 If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North / East / South / West / Northwest / Northeast / Southeast / Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 25-30 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? YES / NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes / No
b. Sun glasses Yes / No  
c. Windshield Yes / No
d. Window glass Yes / No
e. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
something like a big bright star that seemed to change shape & size & color, at times appeared oblong in shape

OCR Output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5 or 6 blocks

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country?
d. In a moving automobile?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24.1 If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North / East / South / West / Northwest / Northeast / Southeast / Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 25-30 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? YES / No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes / No
b. Sun glasses Yes / No
c. Windshield Yes / No
d. Window glass Yes / No
e. Other 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
something like a big bright star that seemed to change shape & size & color, at times appeared oblong in shape

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch depicts a compass rose and instructions for answering questions related to the motion and direction of an unidentified object or objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The text on the page includes questions and fields for the observer to fill out, such as whether they have seen the object before, if anyone else was with them, and personal information about the observer.

Here is the text output from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No, this is the first time.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES   NO

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES   NO  

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Redacted

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted
ADDRESS: Redacted
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted
AGE: 32
SEX: Male

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
11 June 1966, Air Force Base

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text in the image is handwritten and covers question 35 on the questionnaire, where the respondent provides additional information that could not be adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire.

Text transcription:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
  Day Month Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or explanation of your sighting:
  This is the first detail that could give you a in sighting but i could better dascribe it by telling or by stating as i was writing about a mysterious case that

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information division.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? December 6, 1966
2. Time of day: 6:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Mellengerstown, PA
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 50 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was the time in sight determined? c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. DAY NIGHT b. Clear c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 62, which is obsolete.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

The text output from the OCR is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Luminous

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
Other Bright, like car headlights, but bigger and brighter

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Shimmering
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form that the witness has filled out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
A: Bright light disappeared in 15 min.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):                Yes       No    Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):                Yes       No    Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 5 beeps, beeping sound
b. Color: Deep orange yellow light

18. We wish to know the angular size: Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?
75 ft - 100 ft in length and 50 ft in width

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A small yellow light in front]

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a form with various questions related to UFO sightings.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (one of the options circled)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? On ground

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (one of the options circled) 
If you answered YES, then what distance would you say it was? 750 - 1000 FT

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One): c. In a car
d. Outdoors

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) b. Northeast
24.2 How fast were you moving? 1 - 5 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object? Yes (one of the options circled)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Telescope Yes
b. Binoculars Yes 
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. The object flashed on the horizon of the car, red and it stopped, and with a pulsating sound.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a diagram and some text. The diagram shows a compass rose and a sketch of what appears to be an object moving through the sky. The text prompts the viewer to imagine the object's movements and draw a picture showing the direction it was traveling.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you (first) saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you (first) saw the object.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ._1__ 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

LANDED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Richard R D PA

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Street, City, State, Zone 
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 24 SEX M
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent. 
I would like to say that 2 other people saw a object about 4 miles from the one I saw and about 2 minutes later they saw something about it.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Oct 1966 Magazine AFDI New Jersey

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book. 

OCR output:

PTD (TISER)
Wrilft-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
3 August 1966

Kirkwood, Pennsylvania
Dear Sir:

Reference your unidentified observation of 11 July 1966.
Your report and sketch have been received for analysis.
Request you complete the attached PTD form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

WESLEY G. CPPMANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the transcription of the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 Aug 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I would like to tell you the State Police in this state are very uncooperative. When they receive phone calls from crackpots they are very rude and crabby. I am very hesitant in this, because it seen something I may never see again. 

I am going to report this other sighting to Power AFB, although I can not give minute with it specific data. I thank you.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank page with a page number "8" printed at the top.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Page 8

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter.

OCR output:

FD (FADER) Person AFP, Ohio 45433
3 Aug 1566

Oxforo, Pennsylvania

Dear Mr. _______:

Reference your unidentified observation of 11 July 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation or identification of your report.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

J. ALLEN HYNEK, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFSC)
DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DELAWARE 19901

18 July 1966

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: AFSC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, 45433

a. Description of Object:
(1) Shape: Unknown.
(2) Size: 100 feet wide, 20 feet high.
(3) Color: Red with yellow lights from windows.
(4) Number: One.
(5) N/A
(6) N/A
(7) N/A
(8) Sound: Humming outside, grinding inside.

b. Description of Course of Object:
(1) N/A
(2) N/A
(3) N/A
(4) N/A
(5) N/A

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground: Visual.
(2) N/A

d. Time of Sighting:
(1) 0542, 11 July 1966.
(2) Dusk.

e. Location of Observers:
(1) 5 mm east of Kirkwood, Pa. near Union, Pa.

f. Identifying Information on Observers:
(1) Name: Redacted
(2) School bus driver - Reliable.
(3) No. 8 bus driver - Reliable.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, that describes an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred on July 11, 1966 in Union, Pennsylvania.

e: Weather and Winds:
(1) Good.
(2) 271°
(3) 8000 Feet.
(4) 10 m.p.h.
(5) Scattered - wind 290/7.

k. Remarks:
On 11 July 1966 at 2045 hours local, Mr. and Mrs. S___ and Mr. and Mrs. C___ with small children and a yellow lights shining therefrom. The object was located in a hay field approximately 2 miles east of Union, Pennsylvania. The witnesses stated the object was illuminated with a yellow-orange color and a grinding noise was noticed coming from the inside of the object. Witnesses went to the nearest neighbor's home and called the state police, who they should call. The State Police (st). Bellefonte Barracks) who responded and told them to return to the site and wait for them to arrive.
Witnesses returned to the site and the entire area was dark, but the humming sound was still continuous. They also noticed a tremendous amount of static on the car radio when approaching the area. They sat in the dark for a few minutes and then turned their car lights on when the object disappeared. The object then appeared again in the same spot.
Witnesses again returned to Union, Pa. and called the State Police who were uncooperative and made remarks about their mental condition. The agreed to send someone to investigate. After an hour, since the police had not arrived, the witnesses left the scene.
On 12 July, Mr. S___ returned to the area, during daylight hours and conducted a thorough investigation of the area but could find no signs. He only searched the area from 100 feet away with flashlights rather than investigating closely.

- page 17 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, likely describing an incident that occurred on 14 July. The text describes the investigation conducted by Sgt. Molina of the 436th Military Air Lift Wing, who interviewed witnesses and reported on the incident. The report was written by Charles R. Gant, Lt. Colonel, USAF, Chief of Airmass Training.

Text transcription:

On 14 July, during his investigation, Tegt Molina of the 436th Mil Alft Wg Intelligence Division collected the was told and noted the evidence of the day's having been damaged.

He was of the opinion that the sighting was reported to establish whether any other witnesses had reported the incident. He was of the opinion that the individuals who made this report in the past or others who had been reported in this area to be - half man and half beast and has caused the police in this area to be uncooperative as regards to this matter. Sgt Molina tried to rationalize the situation by informing Tegt Molina of 436th Mil Alft Wg Intelligence that his bright rather unusual and answer. However, he did not admit that he had ever seen a rainbow in the dark.

Neither of the witnesses had been drinking on the night of the observation and both appeared to be well balanced and intelligent.

Investigation was conducted and report prepared by Tegt Robert A. Molino, NCOIC of Wing Intelligence.

FOR THE COMMANDER
CHARLES R. GANT, Lt Colonel, USAF 
Chief of Airmass Training

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding unidentified aerial phenomena that the observer has witnessed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be treated as confidential and will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
11 July 1966

2. Time of day:
11:00 Hours
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Residence, rural area
City or Town

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Yes

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Daylight b. Bright c. Hazy d. Cloudy e. Clear

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or report form.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Full moonlight, c. Dull moonlight, d. No moonlight, e. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Thin clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Rain, d. Thunderstorm, e. Snow, f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. As a light, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
(Handwritten response)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Well-defined, d. Don't remember
(Handwritten response)

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Yes No Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Move slowly?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with questions and spaces for the observer to provide responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound 
b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or an arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 21 -

