There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 June 66 03/08002
2. LOCATION: Lycoming, New York
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (VENUS) Viewed
At 0400 EST VENUS was in sky on an azimuth of 86 deg and a
elevation of approx 36 deg
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers have watched star like object in the eastern sky for
several months for about 1/2 hour without any discernible
movement that they felt might be a UFO. They later learned that
were viewing Venus which was rising in the eastern sky.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:

Dear ____, We have noted your letter regarding your unidentified object observation reported to ___ General Counsel as of June 3, 1966 at 0400 hrs. Venus was observed at the time. It is estimated by 25 degrees. In the spring and summer months, Venus is frequently observed by many people well after sunrise or before sunset. At that hour, Venus is low on the horizon. It has been observed by many, particularly due to the increase in density of the atmosphere near the earth's surface. 

Should you wish any additional information, if you desire to inquire, please complete the enclosed vac1 form 152 as fully as possible and return it to this office.

Sincerely, 

C. EARL J. BEAN, JR.
Department of the Air Force 
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attached:
vac1 form 152

Lycoming, New York 13093

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that discusses unidentified flying object sightings.

Unidentified Flying Object Sightings

1. Reference the attached letter from [REDACTED] regarding unidentified observations on 5 June 1966. It is felt that she and her husband are reliable observers. On 5 June 1966, between the hours of approximately 10:30 PM and 1:30 AM, they observed a light, round like a star, moving slowly at an estimated altitude of approximately 10 degrees. In the spring and summer Venus is frequently observed and considered the station, but considering its stalled latitude of -35° on 5 June, it would have been unusually high in the sky. This fact, and the steady nature of the object, with no oscillation, and considering its stalled latitude, indicates this was not Venus. The object was not affected by atmospheric disturbances and clouds. The increase in density of the atmosphere nearer the earth's surface would have caused distortion, but this was not evident.

2. We are unable to make an evaluation on her observation of 2 April 1966 without additional information. If she desires an evaluation on this particular sighting, she is requested to complete a report form.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[SIGNATURE]
LATTA H. GAGE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:
[REDACTED]
DATE 2-24-66

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report from an individual describing a UFO sighting.

Lycoming, New York
June 21, 1966

Dear Sir:
I am writing to see if you can solve this mystery - a strange phenomena. On June 3rd at 4:34 A.M. my husband and I were awaken and saw a bright object in the sky. It was low, about tree top high, and shining and right. It was bright as the headlights of a car and about 5 quite large, circular, bright on the sky. My husband and I watched it for 19 minutes and 20 seconds (and I also timed it and verified this). 
Am at a quite high point on the sky, it seemed like a glowing shell.
Also, on June 5, at about eleven o'clock in the evening, a bright light appeared in the sky, about the size of a basketball, that hovered for two or three minutes and then just faded away.
The ground surrounding under the object did not reflect any light.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a handwritten document. As per the instructions, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

clock made at easter and i went down the lane a minute seen the people there i mentioned the other thing that we see almost every morning how about appearing some of these? expecting a reply

- page 5 -

