The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text extracted from the document using OCR (Optical Character Recognition):

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
5 AUGUST 26 06/26/52 Warrenton, Mo. (Multiple)
3. SOURCE 10. CONCLUSION
Civilian Probable (Satellite)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
One Object disappeared as a star. Object was bright white like a star. Object just disappeared to the North. Object moved in erratic movements.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
NE
8. PHOTOS
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
9 Y:

FTD SEP 13 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this Form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a questionnaire form that was used to gather information about UFO sightings.

Performing OCR on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any information, answers, or conclusions. But, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
August 15, 1966

2. Time of day: 
2:25 P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
C. Central

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Warrenton, Mo.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
1 Minute 15 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
Yes

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? 
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
A. Slight

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): E. To your right

FTO FORM 
OCT 45 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

THE TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. More c. Fewer d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear or few b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. About the same c. Dimmer d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____________________________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Simply outlined d. Don't remember e. Other _________________________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Move slowly and steadily? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, possibly from 1966, containing a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting.

Outputting the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? My eyes glanced away for a moment.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)    Yes    No    Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what: The clouds

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)    Yes    No    Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what: No clouds

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  No sound
b. Color  Light white, like a star

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? None

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not try to show the direction the object was moving.
No sketch, no details

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document in the Project Blue Book archive.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
NO
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
NO
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/ld?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following question:
24.1 What direction were you traveling in? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses No
b. Sun glasses No 
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give some impression of the object which you saw: a light, except larg3er/more luminous, moved rapidly northeast from north to south, and then ascended/disappeared.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book document, consisting of a sketch and some text.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course, / = cqased/ / blight/round/ west/

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? How were they arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

only one lgr

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. The text from the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or date and location. 
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
YES

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
CARL GOFF AND OTHERS

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 47 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
LARRY ESRY - KENT STORY AND OTHERS TOLD ME MANY / MANY INSTANCES OF UNUSUAL EXPERIENCE WITH FERNING AND OTHERS.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? TELEPHONED REPORTER 1300 / 15 DEC 1966.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page has a form with some questions, but no visuals or photographs are present.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: August 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

