The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form used for a Project 10573 record from McClellan AFB, California.

PROJECT 10573 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 26 DEC 66
2. LOCATION: MCCLELLAN AFB, CALIFORNIA
3. SOURCE: MILITARY
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: None Noted
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: None Noted
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a handwritten note. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the full text found in the document:

See, an intelligent officer in the sky. The very small thing discovered was an orange spot disappearing as it came he could to have-me-out of curiosity. I saw it them 60 minutes, but could do nothing to hold it because of its speed. It's speed and disappearance was apparent some distance from me and I decided to write this because I was quite curious about the sighted phenomenon. Needless to say the whole experience or observation made quite an impression on me.

- page 2 -

The image contains a handwritten letter or note, but no photograph. The text in the note appears to describe a "rocket range" and some investigation related to it, with a mention of a "premoonty" event. As requested, I will now produce the text from the document:

Yours sincerely,

P.s. There is a rocket range here undergoing upper atmosphere researches. The radiation in this area seen in observing a premoonty mentioned.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten note on a piece of paper. The note appears to be a description or report about a UFO-related incident.

Visible at the time
Can you come down at once 
the next investigational activity within that radius? If
et could possibly that this was
a plane. You mentioned that the 
personnel at some point have time. Time is central
STANDARD.
Friends of mine and neighbors on the farm right - 
thought it a craft?? appears to be
on the surface a) was 720 ft. across
The body of observers. 3 saw 
more of the 1 ½ you are
certain put you in. I wish I knew
l have some impressional experience in your fainchar work.
I have carefully done all that can recommended
though their recommendation hardly contain.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an envelope or document with handwritten text. The text reads:

"Continuation for investigation report, C.S.A.F. Paul Leonard, Washington, D.C. U.S.A."

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document response to a letter about an unusual observation.

Proposed reply to letter from G. M. Coia, 19 December 1966

Dear Mr. Coia,

This replies to your letter of 19 December 1966, in which you requested information on any planets which may have been responsible for your unusual observation.

A review of the American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac 1966, revealed that Jupiter was rising on an azimuth of approximately 55 degrees at the time of the sighting. Jupiter, with a stellar magnitude of -2.1 on 17 December 1966 would have been quite bright and could have accounted for the observation.

Your sighting occurred outside the limits of the United States. We wish to thank you for bringing this sighting to the attention of the United States Air Force.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image shared. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text on the document is as follows:

UFO Sightings
Dec. 29, 1966

Objects sighted at 8:30 P.M. by (redacted) and 7 other people: see separate statement: at 9:00 by (redacted) and wife and 7 other people, and at 11:10 by (redacted) and wife.

Objects moved from N to S. All objects brilliant orange color. The three objects seen by Peters, maneuvered, changed direction, and appeared to move objects flew together and were overtaken by third object. Then objects dropped sparks, and flickered and disappeared. Appeared as brilliant orange balls.

Object at 9:00 traversed about 45°, N to S approximately and appeared as a lightning sharp, defined shape about 1/4 inch apparent length through binoculars. Was surrounded by orange aura about 4 times the size of object. Remained stationary for several minutes, then three "sparks" flashed from it, orange light, flickered, and disappeared about 10° N of Zenith. Visible about 5 minutes.

Object at 10:50 appeared in NW sky about 15° above horizon, moved South. Was leisurely brilliantly split into two, unequal objects and disappeared. Visible about 1 1/2 minutes.

Object at 11:10 appeared in NW sky about 30° above horizon, moving South. Followed curved path toward SE. Extremely brilliant orange. Started to fade to yellow and divided into two distinct objects. Faded rapidly, and suddenly, reversed direction, became bright yellow, accelerated to meteoric velocity, and disappeared behind house across acres. Visible about 5 minutes.

*These "sparks" were dropped one at a time. The first one fell a long way, 15° or 20°. The second and third ones fell shorter distance, but were still visible when object started to disappear. Motion of object was very slow - slower than Echo satellites. Object was brighter than Jupiter, which was in center sky, even through binoculars color.

The object changed direction a few degrees several times.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO report. 

Transcribing the text from the document:

Tuesday 12/20/66
5:30 P.M.
Positive UFO's bright - A small to medium size brilliant, about 25° above N horizon. Motionless - no other lights visible.
7:25 P.M.
Seen by from 54th street about 35° above E horizon. Yellowish gold color -
got bright and dropped 3 lights, dimmed and then disappeared
appeared to recede and get dimmer
coming toward them
and getting brighter
Visible for about 15 minutes.
Dec. 20, 1966
8:25 - 8:35
Two objects appeared in North about 30° above horizon about 10° apart. Color was golden orange. Naked eye magnitude about - 10.0. Objects moved very slowly southward, so position unchanged, then stopped. A group of 50 observers with a few 50 binoculars at the objects appeared about 1/4" in diameter, and were apparently detached orange lights. The lights were approximately 5 or 10 in number. The extremely brilliant golden orange color was very steady. There were a series of seven objects, including the 2 original ones, in a group observed through 7x50 binoculars. Another observer had 10 x 50 binoculars. Several of the observers viewed the objects through the binoculars, of approximately 1/4" to 5/8" in diameter, including the peripheral lights. After hovering motionless for about 5 minutes, the lights disappeared a quantity of orange glowing material from its periphery. After several more violent flickers, it disappeared and then became visible again, dropped more flickers.

- page 8 -

There is a photograph present in the image. The photograph shows a sketch or drawing of some unidentified flying objects. The text below the image describes the sighting, including that two objects appeared moving toward the south, were of the same orange color, and disappeared one by one over a period of 5-10 minutes.

9:15 P.M.
Two objects appeared in the north, moving toward the south. They were of the same orange color as the earlier objects. There were about size of a dime held at arm's length and slowly visible when two more objects appeared low in the northern sky.

One by one these objects disappeared, over a period of 5 or 10 minutes. Almost immediately a 5th object appeared, moving more rapidly than the previous 4 objects. It climbed in a stepped manner, turned toward the west, and then began to "spark" - it flickered and disappeared. These five objects were first observed on 20 Dec, 1966.

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It contains no photograph, but rather a collection of shapes and symbols arranged in a grid pattern. The shapes appear to be various circular and oblong forms, as well as some smaller, more abstract markings.

OUTPUT OF OCR:
This document does not contain any text that can be extracted by an OCR system. The image consists solely of geometric symbols and shapes, with no discernible written content.

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a photograph or image of a newspaper article discussing unidentified flying objects (UFOs) that were observed over San Diego, California. The article mentions that several unidentified flying objects were reported over San Diego during the night of December 8, 1966, and that these objects may have been parachute flares. The article also includes an "ENGINEER'S THEORY" which suggests that the objects were possibly high-altitude balloons.

Text extracted from the document:

Balloons, Flares Seen As UFOs
Unidentified flying objects reported over San Diego last night may have been parachute flares.
The U.S. Coast Guard reported seeing parachute flares over the Coronado Islands, 10 miles southwest of San Diego, from 8:22 p.m. until midnight last night.
The Coast Guard said the flares were dropped from an altitude of 5,000 feet and lasted about three minutes.
ENGINEER'S THEORY
A San Diego aircraft engineer believes the objects seen in the San Diego area since Friday night were high-altitude balloons.
Richard Klos, 33, an engineer at Consolidated Controls on Kearny Mesa, said it is unlikely the objects were UFOs.
Klos observed the objects through binoculars and said they appear to be balloons.
"Last night was the best sighting," he said. "I saw them through binoculars and they looked like very powerful instruments. They looked like translucent material with a honeycomb structure."
Klos, of 5479 King St., said three friends, all engineers, also observed the objects Monday night and agree with his belief they were balloons.
In the area, people have reported seeing strange objects in the sky at night. Some think they are UFOs, others say they may be residue or exhaust from the parachute flares.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

PACE 2 KUTLIMA223" UNCLE2
FUGE 2 RUNNING SPEED: FAiLLL DESAPPEARHENCE (3) OBSERVED 3 BRIGHT LIGHT: GROUIP
VISUAL (2) BINOCULARS 7/50 POWER. LICT SIDE HERE. 23 DEC 65. LOCAL
TIME 2315 HOURS. 23 DEC 63. (2) NIGHT. 115 KNOTS CONTROL TOWER. 21" EAST CAVIN
22 MILES OUT Z AUTO LYNN JONSON. AGE 42341. AGE 43. 115 GT WHIT THIS.
SCATTERED LAYER (3) CLOUD. ZLODF 23 DEGREES AND 35 30ts: 4.3000 FT. SLOG
DEGREES AYD 35 MGrs: 4,3600 FT, 110 DEGREES AND 07-0.5 NOTES: (3 0
330 LEGREES AND 34 MGTs: 3,300 FT. 70 DEGREES AND 72 KNOTS
(3) UNLIMITED (4) 1.2 MHES (5) 4.7/. 15" DGT. 11" Ne INTERRUPTION.
LIGHTS ON CONTROL PANEL ACCOMPLISHED FOR FINAL APPROACH RUNWAY 23.
3 MILES OUT AND AT 1330 FT. 1330 JOES 3-LIGHT FLARE SUPERVISION.
CS.7". MCCLELLAN AFS.. CHARACTERISTICS RESEMELEA A NED TOR CR COMET.
NU RISH EXISTENCE OF PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS. SACRANENTO POLICE DEPT
REFERRED PREVIOUS UFO REPORT TO hCap POLICE DEPT. SCUPCE OF REPORT
WAS FROM EASE OPERATIONS PERSONNEL.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document. The text in the document is as follows:

"34. Date you completed this questionnaire: -------- Day -------- Month -------- 6-27 Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire? Include questions or considerations of your own which you think merits attention: Dark [illegible] looking out the sky. We noticed a bright object in the sky very briefly was darting around very quickly. We could not get a good view of it because it moved so fast. We called it to the attention of the officers and they said [illegible] to further investigate it. It was there for such a short period of time we could not get a good look at it compare.

(1) We would just guess it was an U.F.O. but there is no way to prove what it was.
(2) But the object was act so something not of this earth. We think it is possible it could have been an U.F.O. but we can't say for sure.
(3) As you mentioned did not get a good close-up view of the object to properly identify it.
(4) If you tell me what it was. 
(5) This will required the mans to have more U.F.O."

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, with handwritten text describing an incident that occurred "both nights" and the time and duration of the event. The handwritten text also mentions that "it appears to be patrolling a certain area".

UFO form continued

Both nights this happened at the same time and the same way and climax.

It may appear to be patrolling a certain area.

- page 14 -

The image contains a technical diagram and instructions related to observing and describing unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The diagram appears to be from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely related to Project Blue Book, the historical program that investigated UFO reports.

The text output from the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Make an "X" on the compass rose to show the direction from which the object came.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? MORE THAN ONE. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location: NO
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 If you answered YES, who were they? (Circle One.) SPOUSE_YES FRIENDS NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: NOT TALLIED ANYONE WAS WITH ME THE OBJECT WAS SEEN BUT I CAN GIVE NO DETAILS AS IT WAS SEEN FOR ONLY A SHORT PERIOD OF TIME AND I AM UNSURE OF ITS DESCRIPTION. 
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name ___ First Name ___ Middle Initial ___
ADDRESS: Street ____ City ____ State ____
TELEPHONE NUMBER: ______ AGE: 20 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. NONE
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? LAS VEGAS RECENTLY Year

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
Page 4
1. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)
YES NO
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

2. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
YES NO
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

3. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. In a city
b. In a suburban area
c. In open country
d. On a hill or mountain
e. In the water
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving?
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southwest f. Northwest h. Southeast
24.2 How fast were you moving? AT ABOUT 20 miles per hour
24.3 Did you see the object while you were looking at the object?
YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO
b. Binoculars YES NO
c. Telescope YES PARTIALLY
d. Window glass YES NO
If other, please give as clear a picture or description as possible as to how you saw the object or other comment that you have.

The night was clear with just some thin high cirrus clouds. I first noticed the object at about 9:00 pm while driving toward McClellan AFB. It appeared to be about 3/4 the size of a full moon and was hovering motionless about 1000 feet above the ground. After observing it for about 5 minutes, it suddenly accelerated at a very high rate of speed on a northerly course and rapidly disappeared from view.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting or observation.

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. The object appeared to be green in color and moved rapidly away - same as (if-a-ae).

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes. It moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes. It moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: THE COLOR APPEARED TO BE GREEN
c. Size: COULD NOT BE DETERMINED 
d. Shape: ROUND

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the known object would have been covered by the match head? ALL

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may have noticed, such as size, proportions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please use pencil or crayon beside the drawing.

- page 18 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report titled "FORCE UFO FORM". There is no photograph present on this page, only the text of a questionnaire or form that appears to be used to collect information about UFO sightings.

The text of the document is as follows:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. More
c. Less
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
9.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clearly
b. Heavy or thick
c. Hazy or thin
d. Thick or heavy clouds

9.2 WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Rain, sleet, or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Vapor
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared to be a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Slightly bright line
c. Very bright line
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes - No - Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or dart away at any time? Yes - No - Don't know
c. Blink on and off? Yes - No - Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes - No - Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes - No - Don't know
f. Make any sound? Yes - No - Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No - Don't know

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" that contains a questionnaire related to the unidentified aerial phenomena that was observed.

OCR Output:
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. 
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any other reports, and may lead to the identification of the object. No further personal information, such as your name, will be used without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 2-8-66
2. Time of day: 5:15 Hours Minutes (Circle One) A.M. or X  P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central x. Mountain c. Pacific 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? FAIR OAKS, CALIF. to SUVA, FIRST.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5.25 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 2:3-23 LOOK AT WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY X   NIGHT
    b. Clear X   Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located with respect to the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left
FTD GCT 66 164 This form supersedes FTD Form 16 Jul 61 which is obsolete.

- page 20 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a handwritten response to a questionnaire titled "Official U.S. Air Force". There is no photograph present in this image.

OCR Output:
34. Have you completed this questionnaire?
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire are a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Here believe for UFOs, but weather balloon was not. Bright object, fast, no sound, seemed to maneuver, went out of sight. Was about 30 secs. Was on 23 Dec 1966 around 1900. Could not identify object.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, with the text "Fo form continued" at the top and a blank space below.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

Fo form continued

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

FTTU JAY RUNYAN 2354 S 3421-S-UUU--RUEDT.IP
CHSF 12100
13 Dec 55 22 
FM STATA MC CLELLAN AFB CALIF
TO SUI'IAN:AVD
HUEATA.MAJ HAMILTON AFB CALIF
RUEDIF -FET.1 MAPI
RUEUIA/CSIT 
RUEMKA/OST
INFO LENT /UNIVERSITY OF COLO BOULDER COLO DTO 32
UNCLAS $2c 30365
FORT FTC 'PIPE CT DOOR) SEAT ATT3 SPAD CASE 13153) 
(Cl (2) 10 FORMATION (3) APPEARED TO RISE CP. TRAIL DISAPPEARED AND 1 SECOND INTERVAL (4) FELL FROM THE CENTER AND FELLED SEVERAL FEET BELOW (5) OPKATOR APPEARED TO NOTICE OBJECT TO THEIR ATTENTION: (2) FIRST OBSERVED WHEN OBJECT WAS AT 32-"'.'7 DEGREES

- page 23 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions related to the sighting of a UFO. The diagram shows a compass-like illustration with directions and angles. There is also an instruction to draw a picture that would show the motion of the object or objects sighted. No human faces are visible in the image.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place an "X" on the compass when you last saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects sighted. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path and discover where the object or objects were traveling.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were grouped, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 If yes, how many people and who were they? (Circle One) Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]
33. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted] AGE: [Redacted] SEX: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Redacted]
35. When and where did you report that you had seen the object? [Redacted]

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Using an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

JFO form continued
Page 4
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3000
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Yes
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3-5 miles
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Open countryside
d. Near an airport
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
North East South West
24.2 Approximately what speed were you moving?
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words as common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, possibly related to a UFO sighting report. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form for the observer to fill out with details about the observed object.

Transcription of text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

Yes. The object appeared to move faraway - 3 to 5 miles in a few seconds.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell when.

(No answer provided)

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell when.

Yes. In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Bright white light.
b. Color: Bright white light.

18. We wish to know the angular size, that is, watch a watch at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the known object's width is covered by the object. About how much of the known object's width would the UFO have covered?

about 1/2 the width of the pencil at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you observed, such as formation, etc. and specifically without field or crater, etc. Please show the direction the object was moving.

(Hand-drawn sketch in the provided space)

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a "FORCE UFO FORM" document, which appears to be a form used for reporting UFO sightings.

FORCE UFO FORM
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars (Circle One) NONE
b. MOON Circle One) NONE
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One) CLEAR, OVERCAST, SCATTERED CLOUDS, THICK OR HEAVY CLOUDS
WEATHER (Circle One) DRY, LIGHT RAIN, MEDIUM RAIN, HEAVY RAIN, SNOW, LOCALIZED STORM, WIND
10. The object appeared: (Circle One) LARGE, MEDIUM, SMALL, TRANSPARENT, VAPOR
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One) BRIGHTER, DIMMER
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) FUZZY OR BLURRED, LIKE A STAR OR POINT OF LIGHT, SHARPLY OUTLINED, DON'T REMEMBER
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) APPEAR TO STAND STILL AT ANY TIME, MOVE IN A STRAIGHT LINE, MAKE SUDDEN CHANGES IN SPEED, SHOW EXHAUST OR TRAIL, BREAK UP INTO PARTS OR EXPLODE, GIVE OFF SMOKE, CHANGE SHAPE, FLASH OR FLICKER

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a technical information questionnaire used by the U.S. Air Force.

OCR output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you observed. The information that you furnish will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications which may result from this personal information. We request that you complete this personal information as accurately as possible.

1. When did you see the object?
25th day Dec 1966
2. Time of day: 6:50
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Pacific
b. Mountain
c. Central
d. Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Campground Paloma Ranch Highwy 59
Over the first mtn. to the east

5.1 How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
6 minutes

5.2 Was object in sight determined?
Yes

5.3 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
Day - Scattered Clouds

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. To your right
c. To your left 
d. Behind you

FTD SEPM 164 This form supersedes FTD form 164 Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten text.

Gentlemen:
Attached please find photo and story of a high-flying phenomenon sighted near the 26,000 ft. level by members of a Canadian Pacific Airlines flight crew.
I do not know your office has already been reported this incident, but in case it has not, the report was made by the Canadian Pacific Airlines cr ew members who saw the object passing above them at high speeds and in on unusual maneuvering pattern.
I can assure you, as many others have, that the employees of Canadian Pacific Airlines have a real understanding of aircraft and aircraft phenomena, and if they state they saw an unusual aerial object, then I believe them.
Thank you very much for your attention to this matter. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.
M. St. Boniface St. Manitoba Canada

- page 30 -

The image contains a photograph of a document discussing a "High-flying "Phenomenon" Sighted Near Equator by CPA Pilot, Crew". The document describes an incident where two pilots of a Canadian Pacific Airlines plane sighted several unidentified lights while flying over the Pacific Ocean near Lima, Peru. The pilots observed the lights moving apart and then disappearing. The document also mentions that the experience was unusual and the pilots could not determine the nature of the lights.

Text from the document:
High-flying "Phenomenon" Sighted Near Equator by CPA Pilot, Crew
MEXICO CITY - Unidentified flying objects were sighted over the Pacific Ocean by the Canadian Pacific Airlines crew, it was reported by Canadian Pacific Airlines officials here. The incident occurred while the 'plane was flying from Lima, Peru, to Mexico, when the pilot, Capt. Bill Vogt, and his crew, including Navigator Mike Mois, trainee, sighted two lights in the sky.
In the words of Captain Vogt: It was about midnight when I spotted two lights off in the distance. They seemed to be miles apart and moving towards each other. I called the co-pilot, Wolfgang Pepper, and we both watched them come closer. At one point they seemed to shoot straight up and then came back down, again spreading apart and moving together, this went on for a couple of minutes and then they disappeared.
There was no sound and no exhaust from these objects which were estimated to be traveling at several thousand miles an hour, far beyond any known aircraft speeds. The crew was quite disturbed by the experience, but added that the objects might have been some kind of atmospheric phenomenon, beyond the scope of their flying career.

- page 31 -

The image contains a photograph of three members of a Canadian Pacific Airlines flight crew discussing an unidentified flying object they spotted between Lima, Peru, and Mexico City. The caption describes the crew members, including the second officer, Dennis Doht, the co-pilot, Wolfgang Rosspeint, and the captain, Bob Milbank, a pilot with CPA for the past 16 years.

Text from the document:

Piccolo Pipe? - This fractionating column will stand 112 feet high with 38-foot diameter at base and 4-feet at top when erected at Imperial Oil refinery at Saria.

Here It Goes; There It Goes - Three members of a Canadian Pacific Airlines flight crew discuss an object's description of an unidentified flying object they spotted recently between Lima, Peru, and Mexico City. The object flew beside their DC-8 jet and was observed for a considerable distance. Crew members (l to r) are second officer Dennis Doht, co-pilot Wolfgang Rosspeint, and Captain Bob Milbank, a pilot with CPA for the past 16 years. (See story on page 26.)

SPANNER - VOLUME 8 - NO. 2

- page 32 -

The image appears to be a photograph or illustration depicting what seems to be some kind of workshop or industrial setting. The image shows various tools, machinery, and objects arranged in a cluttered manner. The overall scene appears to be black and white or grayscale in nature, giving it a vintage or historical quality. There is no text or human faces visible in the image.

SPANNE'R.......VOLUME 6 - NO. 2

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division, regarding a UFO observation reported on 23 December 1966.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

TDET/UFO                                              30 January 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 23 Dec 66

TO: AIC Lynna Johnson
    AF 19.15.15.100
    2033rd Comm Sq
    McClellan AFB, California 95652

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have collected is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to this Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

I Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 34 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a black and white photograph showing what appears to be an industrial or manufacturing setting, with various objects and structures visible. There is no indication of any UFO or unusual aerial phenomenon in the photograph.

McClellan AFB, California. 1966-12-82863
TARGET : Unknown
1. On 8 December 1966, McClellan Air Force Base, California, reported the sighting of an unidentified flying object.
2. The observer, Mr. George Aiken, a communications technician at McClellan AFB, observed the object at approximately 1700 hours while driving on the base.
3. Mr. Aiken stated that the object was round, silvery in color, and about 30 feet in diameter. It was moving at a slow rate of speed and at an altitude of approximately 1000 feet.
4. Mr. Aiken further stated that the object was observed for approximately 2 minutes before it disappeared from sight.
5. This case has been investigated and it is the opinion of this office that the object observed was probably a weather balloon.

- page 35 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing only text.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS 2ND BOMBARDMENT WING (SAC)
BARKSDALE AIR FORCE BASE, LOUISIANA 71110

10 FEBRUARY 1967

SUBJECT: SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED LIGHT OBJECTS

TO: 2nd Lt J. KURIS
OFFICER IN CHARGE, AISO DETACHMENT
MCCLELLAN AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA 95652

This report will be forwarded in respective P.I.R. as it was dalled in on 17 December 1966. The case, if., was investigated as UFO 16702-66. 

On 8 February 1967, it was visited by 2nd Lt J. KURIS, AISO Det, McClellan AFB, who discussed a sighting made by DR. XXXX XXXXXX and the subsequent investigations.

On 19 December 1966, DR. XXXX XXXXXX was driving north along U.S. route 99, approximstely 2 miles south of Los Banos, California, when suddenly a bright light from somewhere off the road attracted his attention. He turned to observe it and saw an unusual bright light source hovering about 50 feet above the ground. He observed it for approximately 5 minutes. The light appeared to be spinning or rotating at a very high rate of speed. It was described as brightly illuminated, bluish-white in color and about the size of a large automobile headlight. 

No automobile headlights, streetlights, airplanes, or any other obvious light sources were observed in the immediate area. The object was silent and appeared to be suspended in the air. DR. XXXX XXXXXX stated that he could not determine whether it was from the ground or at a low altitude in the air. The object then suddenly and without sound or warning disappeared. The duration of the sighting was approximately 5 minutes.

In January 1967, DR. XXXX XXXXXX returned to the area to try to pinpoint the location of the sighting, but could not determine the exact spot where the object had been observed. This discrepancy could be attributed to the darkness of the area and the distance from the road where the object was located.

Peace...is our Profession

- page 36 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, discussing a UFO sighting report.

The text in the document reads as follows:

On 8 February 1952, a civilian pilot and his passenger were flying a private plane over the area west of Sacramento, California. They reported seeing a bright unidentified flying object that was hovering in the sky. The object then accelerated and disappeared from view. The pilot and passenger were reportedly "disturbed" by what they had witnessed and thought it was a "strange sight."

The document also mentions that the investigating officer found the witnesses to be "credible" and "reliable," and that they provided a "coherent and detailed report" of the incident. The officer noted that while the sighting was "interesting," there was no solution to the "unexplained light."

The document is signed by a person whose name has been redacted.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a text-based document describing a UFO sighting report.

WOODSON HIGH SCHOOL
HAYNESVILLE, LA.
September 21, 1966

COMMANDING OFFICER
Strategic Air Command
Barksdale Air Force Base,
Louisiana

Dear Sir:

On Monday, September 19, 1966 at approximately 9:30 p.m., several students from the football players home after practice or some were on the tennis courts which appeared to be in the practice and above the trees which appeared on the south of the Woodson High School grounds.

There was an object which was not man-made reation, but it had a reddish orange glow and was approximately 10 feet in width and approximately 75 feet in length.

The object appeared approximately 7 miles South of Haynesville, Louisiana.

We think this is worthy of investigation.

Sincerely yours,

- page 38 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document from Woodson High School in Haynesville, Louisiana, dated September 21, 1966. The document describes an incident where a group of players were returning from playing a football game when they observed an unidentified flying object (UFO) in the sky. The object was described as having an orange glow and was approximately 75 feet in length. The report concludes that the sighting is worthy of further investigation.

WOODSON HIGH SCHOOL
BOX 671
HAYNESVILLE, LA.

September 21, 1966

COMMANDING OFFICER
STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND
BARKSDALE AIR FORCE BASE
LOUISIANA

Dear Sir:

On Monday, September 19, 1966 at approximately 9:30 p.m., a group of football players were returning from driving the football players home from a game. The players saw an object through and above the tree tops. As the object came closer, the object disappeared from sight.

There was no moon reflection, but it had a reddish orange glow and was shaped like a cigar. It appeared to be about 75 feet in length.

The object appeared approximately 5 miles South of Haynesville, Louisiana, East off Highway 79. 

We think this is worthy of investigation.

Sincerely yours,

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an Air Force report on UFO observations.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO TDST/UFOB 
30 JANUARY 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 29 Dec 66

TO: MAJOR David H. Willctt
AF 11.11B007
AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER 
McClellan AFB, California 95652

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have uncovered is not sufficient for a definitive evaluation. Therefore, we are attaching UFD Form 164 and return it is in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a declassified UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically from McClellan AFB in California. The document is dated January 30, 1967 and is addressed to A3C James L. Lenart regarding a UFO observation on December 23, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDETT/UFO 30 January 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 23 Dec 66

TO: A3C James L. Lenart
803314 Comm Sq
McClellan AFB, California 95652

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached AFSC Form 164, and return it to the Director for TECHNOLOGY AND SYSTEMS TECHNICAL LIBRARY, Directorate of Technology, Foreign Technology Division. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MARART, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Mr. -----

This replies to your letter of December 19, 1966, in which you requested information on any sightings which may have been responsible for your unusual observation.

A review of the American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac for 1966, published yearly, indicates that Jupiter was in the sights of approximately 15,000,000 people on this date and was quite bright and could have accounted for the observation.

Since your sightings occurred outside the limits of the United States, we are unable to cross check your case for information purposes only. We will be happy to assist you in continuing this investigation should you have any additional questions.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. RIEDMAN, JR.
LT. COLONEL, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Fort Churchill, Manitoba
Canada

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFSC)
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

10 January 1967

TDRT/UFO
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 December 1966

TO: USAF (SAFOTSC)

Reference the attached letter from Lt Col Richard H. Dittmer, USAF, Director of Technology and Subsystems, requesting information on an unidentified observation. Attachment two is a proposed reply.

FOR THE COMMANDER

W. J. HALLETT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Ltr fr Dittmer, 19 Dec 65
2. Proposed Reply

- page 43 -

The image contains a handwritten document, which appears to be a page from a UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image.

OCR Output:
TIME: First right 1820 
DATE: Sunday 17th Dec 1966
ALTITUDE: 20°
AZIMUTH: 7$° 
COURSE: Orreng to start then crossed over or wood. then went off and went back about 6 to 8 min. Then veered off.

- page 44 -

