The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record form.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE, TIME GROUP: 6 NOV 66, 0230Z
2. LOCATION: Youngville, New York
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
COURSE: Northwest-East
PHOTOS: 0
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Force document dated November 22, 1966, regarding UFO observations.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFSC)
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBT/UFO                                   22 NOV 66

SUBJECT: UFO Observations 22 Nov 66  

TO: Mr. Ken Frick
    Youngsville, New York 12791

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFSC Form 164 and return it to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF  
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
AFSC Form 164 w/envelope

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned page from an old UFO report document, which appears to contain a form with detailed descriptions about the observed object, including its shape, color, size, movement, and other pertinent details.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: No verifiable shape (larger than visually defined)
2. Color: Brightly brilliant, pale greenish-alternately changing from green, blue, pale green
4. Number: More than a star
5. Formation, if more than one: One still and one moving. Did not appear to move in any specified direction or details: none  
6. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
8. Sound if heard, describe sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: Primary feature was brightness

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Bright pale green color and size (larger than a star)
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 55 degree elevation
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: East (toward horizon), also 50 degree elevation.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing detailed descriptions of a UFO sighting event.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
Shows low from NW to SE with no erratic movement

5. How did the object(s) disappear: 
Faded out

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: 
One hour or more (estimate)

C. Manner of Observation: 
1. Ground - Visual
2. Optical Aids: 
Binoculars
3. -

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 
0230Z / 22 Nov 66
2. Light conditions:
Dark but very clear

E. Location of Observer(s):
74 degrees 51' N 41 degrees 48' W

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian:
Civilian
2. Name: 
[REDACTED]
3. Age: 
41+
4. Mailing Address: 
Youngville, New York 12791
5. Occupation: 
-
6. Estimate of Reliability:
This observer is say something and seemed more than normally observant - she is a spokesman for a group including her husband and neighbors who witnessed the sightings.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: 
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
Clear and 15 plus veby
Winds calm

3. Ceiling:
None
4. Visibility:
15 Plus
5. Amount of cloud cover:
None
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: 
None
7. Vertical temperature gradient:
0 degrees/1000' (see - 5000') - -2 degrees/1000' (Alv 8000')
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition:
None
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken:
None

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might account for the sighting:
Intersection of Y-24 and Y-35 is almost directly overhead. TSDB-1 GHIB @ 1113Z-53 

Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Y-24 would appear to run general toward the east (Montauk) from the point of sighting. Any T-33 jet-fighter could have flown over this area southwards at 33,000 feet and therefore appear strange. Also it is quite possible that some form of lights (chandelier) would show that would seem lights but were not.

Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None

- page 6 -

