There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a report form with various fields filled in.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE* TIME GROUP
4 Sept. 66 2330Z
2. LOCATION
Roscoe, New York
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
Southward
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text fields for describing a reported UFO sighting.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Circular 
2. Size compared to a known object: About half the size of a small airplane
3. Color: Reddish-silver
4. Number: One
5. Formation, if more than one: None
6. Any discernible features or details: None
7. Trail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): Seemed to give off a bluish-greenish trail from all parts
8. Sound, if heard, describe sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Object came into view
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 60 degrees in the northeast
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: It went behind some clouds

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, detailing the description of a UFO sighting.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
- altitude was 1000 feet
5. How did the object(s) disappear:
- suddenly went cloud
6. How long (were) the object(s) visible:
- 3-4 minutes
C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground visual
2. Optical Aids:
- none
3. 
D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting:
- 2245Z 06 (September 8)
2. Light conditions:
- cloudy but still very light
E. Location of Observer(s):
- road construction area about 5 miles, Roscoe, New York
F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian:
- Civilian
2. Name:
- (redacted)
3. Age:
- about
4. Mailing Address:
- (redacted)
5. Occupation:
- welder
6. Estimate of Reliability:
- Appears to be a reliable report. Observer appears to be a reputable person.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document with text describing various weather and environmental conditions at the time and place of a sighting.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Visibility good - higher clouds
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office: Partly cloudy from 7:15 pm to 9:15 pm. Wind direction 225-230 degrees. Wind velocity 3 knots. 
3. Ceiling: 7500' overcast
4. Visibility: 3 miles at Stewart
5. Amount of cloud cover: Overcast
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: Thunderstorms reported by 5/6 quadrants (NW-NE-E)
7. Vertical temperature gradient: No data available
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing the details of the sighting.

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloons released in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:

3. Approximately 2000 feet altitude, traveling SE.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer: 

Capt. - AF Investigator

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:

None

- page 5 -

