The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a project by the United States Air Force to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 24 MARCH 1966 25/01/52
2. LOCATION: Sheboygan, Wisconsin (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: S to N
8. PHOTOS: O Yes XX No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: O Yes XX No
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document related to an unidentified observation reported on March 24, 1966 in Sheboygan, Wisconsin.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (RDW) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
18 May 1966

Sheboygan, Wisconsin 
DEAR SIR:

Reference your unidentified observation of 24 March 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for ev. aluation. It is requested you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it to this office.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with the evaluation of your report and may be included in future studies, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information be deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 24 March 1966
2. Time of day: 2:00 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Address: Sheboygan, Wisconsin
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object: (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a form with questions about the observed object, the stars and moon, weather conditions, and the characteristics of the object.

There is no photograph present in this image.

Text extracted from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Dim or pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Speed up, slow down, or accelerate? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off light or sparks? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

Here is the text output from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No see page

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (X) No ( ) Don't Know ( ) IF you answered YES, it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes ( ) No (X) Don't Know ( ) IF you answered YES, it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound No sound
b. Color Whitish-redish-greenish-lighter

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match. Give an estimate of how many times the object would be covered by the match head? As near as thing as we can get.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails behind the object to show the direction the object was moving. 
(Sketch of object shown with "red flame" and "white light" shapes)

- page 5 -

There is no photograph or image visible in the provided document. However, the document appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or report.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES / NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2 miles per minute

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES / NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately 1/2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Outside
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over open country
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 10 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES / NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes / No
b. Sunglasses Yes / No
c. Windshield Yes / No
d. Window glass Yes / No
e. Binoculars Yes / No
f. Telescope Yes / No
g. Theodolite Yes / No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you saw.

Dalin Johnson observed an object that would look like a small but brilliant light if seen in the sky.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mr. 

She boynant Wisc. 53081

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
First Name
Last Name
ADDRESS 
City
State
Zone Sheboygan
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 29 SEX F
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
MARCH 6 1966 
Mr. A.

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Project Blue Book, Information Office
SAC, Pittsburg
Washington, D.C. 20330

Gentlemen:
On the night of March 24, shortly after 11:15 p.m., my sister and I were outside on our farm when we noticed a very bright light in the sky which appeared to be hovering in the distance. The light was almost constant in color and much brighter than any star in the sky. The light seemed to move up and down and sideways for several minutes, which to us was most unusual.
The light then came to a stop and hovered very still. At one point it seemed to split into two objects, which then came back together. The two objects then seemed to stop moving and just hovered in one spot for about ten minutes. After that, the light suddenly shot straight up at a very fast speed and disappeared from our view. The whole incident lasted for approximately 15 to 20 minutes.
I would appreciate it if you would have someone from your office or the Air Force investigate this occurrence, as we are very much interested in determining what this object could have been. Please let me know if you require any additional information from me.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 MAY 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point:
When we first sighted the object, it was a bright light, about the size of a house at a distance. As the object got near and passed over, we could see the general outline that it was shaped like a disc and seemed to be revolving. The lights did not flicker or flash and the thing made no noise as it passed over. At the object we could make out some detail, it seemed to have around the bottom a trail that followed it. It seemed to move very fast, faster than any jet plane we had ever seen. How we are called to testify again. It seemed to me I have seen this craft before, but I cannot put my finger on where. How are called because some odd and green "May as well leave it as is maybe a most ready for some rest and good green. Many of the things we were planning on a most ready complete study. The light was approximately 20 to 30 feet in diameter and seemed to be about 100 feet to 150 feet high.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:
Sheboygan, Wis.
May 4, 1966

Appeared in a magazine. It seems that a large airplane, (or plane) with unusual lights, was observed over the Sheboygan area that night. The lights were reported to be glowing brightly. One witness stated that some white lights were glowing beside the craft. The other sighting, which by the witnesses seemed to be contained in the same report, was that of a missile shape, with two other lights at the rear. At one point there were 4 or 5 of these objects in the sky, moving separately and seemingly at a much higher altitude than the large plane-like craft.
The object seemed to be fairly close at the time and had size enough to allow a clear observation though details coul 1 not te made out. Not all I could make out of the t~xtO the witnesses, but that is the substance of it. No photograph - just a report with a very brief sketch of the sightings.

- page 10 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (CREW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
18 May 1966

Sheboygan, Wisconsin 53001
Dear Sir:

Reference your unidentified observation of 24 March 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFD FORM 164 and return it to us.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed or handwritten report or document.

Transcribed text:
A sudden feeling came over us, especially since we were the only people on the street and in the only opening we saw. We had the feeling it might become and become a little afraid. Then we drove to the northeast, turned right, and continued for about a half a mile. There was perfect silence, but we managed to continue from a slight instinct. When we were near the car, we completely surprised when the large object came from behind us and passed over us approximately 500 feet. It seemed like a somewhat shiny object and passed over us again. We could see no lights. Manure could see no one inside.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Sheboygan, Wis.
May 4, 1966

Dear someone:

We are interested in a report of a bright blue flash of light in the evening sky of May 1, 1966.

Yours truly,
[Redacted]
Sheboygan, Wisconsin 53081

and
[Redacted]
Sheboygan, Wisconsin 53081

- page 13 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Page 14 of 1966-03-8675242-Sheboygan-Wisconsin.pdf:

Some real and good points in an otherwise vague pattern. The heart and soul of the case undoubtedly lies in the intangible evidence that has been accumulated - the impression given and withhold from impression that a momentous event has occurred in very close proximity to an actual person. The then went home and became more interested in things psychological or psychiatric, and other persons who reported a sighting on the same night.

Though this letter is signed, I politely decline to name or identify any individuals mentioned.

- page 14 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter or document.

Text from the document:
Page 5
Sheboygan, Wis.
May 9, 1966
Dear some merit,
This is interesting in report of project Blue Book. 
Yours truly, 
Mr. Hannupel
Sheboygan, Wisconsin 53081
and
Mrs. Sheboygan, Wisconsin 53081

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide may be used in connection with the evaluation of reports of unidentified aerial objects and may be included in official conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 24 March 1966
2. Time of day: 8:40 Hour (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? SHEBOYGAN, WISCONSIN Nearest Postal Address or City or Town  State
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 minutes SECONDS
a. Certain b. (Fairly certain)
5.1 How was time in sight determined? ESTIMATED
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT c. (Bright) d. (Cloudy)

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 16 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire-style format.

The text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Don't remember, d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember, e. Other _____

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Hover? YES (NO) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES (NO) Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES (NO) Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES (NO) Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES (NO) Don't know
f. Change shape? YES (NO) Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? YES (NO) Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES (NO) Don't know

- page 17 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text and a hand-drawn diagram.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?  NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know.   IF you answered YES:
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know.   IF you answered YES:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  NONE
b. Color  ORANGE AND WHITE, GREEN AND RED LIGHT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
A - CLEAR TO NOTHING AS YOU CAN

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any other things you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate how the object was moving.
PICTURE OF OBJECT: OVAL, VARIABLE, MOTH LIKE SHAPE, DIRECTLY BENEATH RED FLAMES WITH WHITE LIGHT (BRILLIANT) SMALLER, DIMMER WHITE LIGHT VISIBLE AT THE BOTTOM, OR POSSIBLY IT WAS MORE TO

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of a UFO.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2 miles per minute

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? approx. 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a town b. In the residential section of a town c. In open country side? c. In open country side?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) e. South
24.2 How fast were you moving? less 10 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass No

26. In order that you can give a clear and complete picture of what you say, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object or objects you saw.
I CAN THINK OF NO OBJELT WHICH WOULD GIVE THE SAME APPEARANCE AS THE ONE I SAW

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains instructions and diagrams related to reporting sightings of unidentified flying objects.

Transcribed text:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the skyline to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the skyline when you first saw it. Place a "D" on the skyline when you last saw the object.

90° 
75°  
60°
45°
30° 
15°
0°

B
N 
W    E
S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
YES NO

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] SHEBOYGAN, WISCONSIN 53081
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 37
SEX: FEMALE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Reported to office of the sheriff,
Day 25 
Month March
Year 1966

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 MAY 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific police questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The flight this witness observed was a strange and unusual phenomenon. When we got down to the sight we could see it apparently hovering just off the ground and then executing a radical change in course and speed, it all the lights as depicted in drawing on page were not flashing but were steadily. The witness stated that the shaleness of the sight would lead one to believe that all the people on the street at their homes gaping at it, or not apparen[tly] aware were not nearly so excited about the peculiar nature of this sight as we were. This was really the only people we saw on the street at their homes gaping at the strange and startling nature of this phenomenon, which not only have [not] been completely explained but was not fully realized by the people observing the affair to the extent that we were. This time the sights were flashing in a irregular fashion.

- page 22 -

