The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
27 March 66 28/0930Z
3. SOURCE
Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Six lights
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes
6. COURSE
Down over horizon
7. PHOTOS
None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None
2. LOCATION
Rome, New York
10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer saw six lights which were arranged in a V-shape formation. The lights were brighter than Jupiter was at that time. The objects were first observed overhead and went out of sight over the horizon to the north. Observer could not hear any sound because observer is deaf. Nothing indicated that these light could not have been conventional aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binocular Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other Naked eye

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

All eight red-balls arranged in formation at great height.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

NO
Yes
No
NAME [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Rome New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 15 SEX male
I am very interested in astronomy and I was looking at the stars through my telescope when the UFOs appeared.
MARCH 8 1966
TO my neighbor
MR [redacted] at Griffiss AFB, New York

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that includes a sketch and instructions for the observer to complete.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, THEN HOW MANY WERE THERE? - SIX
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

ANSWERED IN ITEM 19

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text extracted from the document:

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Gentlemen:

Reference is made to your letter of 4 April 1966. There is a slight misunderstanding on your part as to who saw the unidentified object or objects on the evening of 27 March 1966.

My neighbor's son, who is a deaf-mute [redacted], also saw the object and reported it to the APS for him. I personally did not see the object as I was inside the house watching TV at the time.

I gave my blank FTD Form 164 [redacted] for him to use for his file copy of the sighting report.

Best regards,
[redacted]

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that is part of Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 April 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

None necessary - Failure would conceal my question

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated April 4, 1966 from Major Quintanilla Jr. of the USAF to a witness who had an unidentified observation on March 27, 1966. The letter acknowledges the witness's observation and requests the witness to provide additional information to the Air Force.

The text of the document is as follows:

WID (INITIAL)
V.AONT-PERSON APB, Ohio 45433
1 April 1966

Rome, New York 13440

Dear Sir:

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 27 March 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 165 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

R MAJOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

COORDINATION: MEW/HA G DATED 1 APR 66

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this document. The image shows a page from a UFO checklist report, with various fields and questions filled out by hand.

UFO CHECKLIST - BASE OPERATIONS DISPATCHER
DATE: 27 March 66
NY

1. Description of the object(s):
a. Shape: Wedged-shaped
b. Size compared with one of the following held in the hand at arms length:
Head of pin [ ] Pea [ ] Dime [ ] Nickel [ ] Quarter [ ]
Half Dollar [ ] Silver Dollar [ ] Baseball [ ] Grapefruit [ ]
Basketball [ ]
c. Color: Red
d. Number: 5-6
e. Formation (if more than one): Irregular line
f. Discernible features or details: None
g. Tail, trail or exhaust: None
h. Sound: None
i. Other pertinent or unusual features: Like a ship shape

2. Description of course of object(s):
a. What first called it to your attention? Observing them
b. Angle of elevation when first observed: 30° from horizontal
c. Azimuth when first observed: Unknown
d. Angle or elevation upon disappearance: Remained constant
e. Azimuth upon disappearance: Unknown

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

d. Description of flight path and maneuvers: Erratic, erratic
e. How long was the object visible? 10 minutes
3. Manner of observation:
a. Ground [ ] Air [ ] Visual [ ] Electronic [ ]
b. Any binoculars or similar device used? telescope
c. If airborne, type of aircraft: -
Identification Nr. - Altitude -
Heading Speed Home Station -
B. Date and time of sighting:
a. Local time of sighting 9:30 
Date of sighting 24 March 66
b. Light conditions: 
Night [ ] Day [ ] Dawn [ ] Dusk [ ]
5. Location of observer:
a. Latitude 43 degrees, 13 minutes north
b. Longitude 75 degrees, 26 minutes west
c. Position with reference to known landmark 1/2 mile southwest of Rome, NY
6. Observers account of weather conditions: Clear sky

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a scanned document page from an old UFO report. 

Transcribing the text from the document:

7. Identifying information on observer:
a. Civilian:
Name [redacted]
AGE 15
Mailing Address [redacted]
Occupation [redacted]
Estimate of Reliability [redacted]
b. Military: 
Name [redacted]
Grade [redacted] 
Organization [redacted]
Duty [redacted]
Estimate of Reliability [redacted]

8. Comments of reporting officer:
a. Action taken (agencies called, etc.) CAPT MITCHELL
@ 2100E, THAT FURTHER ANALYSIS IN ART
This further analysis would be desirable if subject observed again.
b. Final evaluation (accuracy, reliability, timeliness, etc.) SUSPECT - ART HOAX
Report - Mr. Haller interrogated
Mrs. Hollis - USAF ADVISED - no further investigation necessary
THIS OBSERVER OFFICE

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 27 March 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached USAF Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. 

UFO CHECKLIST - WEATHER OBSERVER
DATE 27 March 66

1. Weather and Winds Aloft
a. Wind Direction & Velocity
(1) 6,000' 312/15 kts
(2) 10,000' 326/25 kts
(3) 16,000' 260/35 kts
(4) 20,000' 270/15 kts
(5) 30,000' 270/40 kts
(6) 50,000' 276/45 kts
(7) 80,000' N/E

2. Ceiling 4,000 scattered, visibility 5  
3. Visibility 3/10
4. Amount of Cloud Cover 3/10
5. Thunderstorm in area and quadrant in which located none
6. Temperature gradient Inversion @ 5,000'
7. Any unusual meteorological condition which might account for sighting. none normal

M. Koontz
WT Ford, Capt

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which was a program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements or publications without your personal information as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 27 MARCH 1966 YEAR

2. Time of day: 7:30 HOUR 30 MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. (Eastern) b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other _____________

4. Where were you when you saw the object? ON PATH IN BACK OF MY HOUSE

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 HOURS MINUTES SECONDS
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. (Just a guess)

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓ No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
Day: a. Bright b. Cloudy
Night: a. Clear b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? N/A
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM GCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire for observers to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. (As a light?), e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ?????? seems to indicate it was somewhat dimmer.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, (No), Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes, (No), Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? (Yes), No, Don't know
d. Give off smoke? (Yes), No, Don't know
e. Change brightness? (Yes), No, Don't know
f. Change shape? (Yes), No, Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? (Yes), No, Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes), No, Don't know

- page 14 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object were directly overhead when first seen and went out of sight towards the north.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound - I cannot remember any sound was made
b. Color - bright white
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
This is hard to determine now. It has been over a week since I saw them.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and specifically show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 15 -

