The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 Mar 66 26/0215 Z
2. LOCATION: Toledo, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 Minute
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro(MOON)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object was sighted hovering in the NW. Described as a brilliant-white light. Sketch resembles a crescent-shaped moon. The witness stated that there was no moon visible and that the light should have been 1/6 the size of the moon and crescent shaped. The object appeared to be six times the size of a match head held at arm's length. Size, shape, color and location of the object plus the fact that the observer stated that no moon was visible when it should have been indicates that the object was, in fact, the moon.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] Last Name [REDACTED] First Name [REDACTED] Middle Name
ADDRESS [REDACTED] Street TOLEDO 11, OHIO Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AGE 15 SEX M
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? I reported it to a C-2 in Dayton, ohio
2 March 1966 Year

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a handwritten letter on a lined page.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

DEAR SIRS,

I WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST A COPY OF ANY FILM OR SLIDES WHICH MAY HAVE BEEN TAKEN OF THE SIGHTING OF UFOS IN MY REPORT REFERRED TO INCOMPLETE AND SEND STUDIED HEREWITH. IF SUCH FILM OR SLIDES ARE AVAILABLE, I WOULD BE VERY HAPPY TO HAVE THEM FOR MY INFORMATION AS WELL AS IT WOULD BE OF GREAT INTEREST TO ME. 

I AM ANTICIPATING YOUR ANSWER.

PLEASE SEND TO:

TOLEDO, OHIO
43606

SINCERELY YOURS

SEND 164

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report detailing a UFO sighting.

Output text from the document:

March 25, 1966
Time - 9:15 PM TO 9:20 PM 
Duration - 3 Min
Circumstance - Night
Location - Toledo, Ohio
Altitude - 1020 FT
Direction - N.W.
Appearance - Cigar Shaped
Weather - Cloudy 38 Degrees, some cloud cover
Size - No Exact Measurement was not Staying
Appearance - Bluish White
Altitude - 1020 FT
Size - Pretty
Motion - Hovered
Disappearance - How 
Speed - No Increase or Decrease
Duration - Sighting was Approximately 5 Min Luminosity - No Yes
Refractive Like Mirrors - No 
Exhaust or Flame - No
No body or cabin was seen on it
Appeared White or Diffused position 
No Maneuver - 1/2 mile 
Sat for 5 Min and most Circles with wing - because 
it descended

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a historical government program that investigated UFO reports in the United States.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 28 March 66 29/0100Z
2. LOCATION: Toledo, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 Hour
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual (VIS)
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: (X) No
10. CONCLUSION: Other (CONFLICTING DATA) (J.H.)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer was asked by other friends to come out of her house to observe a strange object in the sky. When she went out she saw a reddish orange object with luminous bands coming out of the object. The object appeared to be at a stand still. Then it seemed to move slowly. When it moved the object seemed to disappear. Then a reddish glow seemed to reappear. Observer went in the house and got a pair of binoculars. The glow came back out and an aircraft was sighted, giving the observer the impression that the object may have been a bright white light as if a flood light was used.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text-based information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 28 March 66 29/01002
2. LOCATION: Toledo, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 hour
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual (IX)
7. COURSE: E - S
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Astr (ARCTURUS)X

The report describes an observation of an object in the sky, identified as the star Arcturus, that appeared to change color from reddish-orange to a brighter light when it was observed for about 4 hours. The observer reported that friends came out of the house to observe the object, and that the observer went inside the house at one point and observed the object changing color through binoculars.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight  
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky  
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

It appears as a bright distant light

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

Other observers mentioned it was the size of several hundred or thousands of points of light.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES / NO / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and accelerate rapidly at any time? YES / NO / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES / NO / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES / NO / Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES / NO / Don't know
f. Change shape? YES / NO / Don't know
g. Give off colored lights? YES / NO / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES / NO / Don't know

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or actions. However, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 8:50 PM March 1966

2. Time of day: Evening: 8:50 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Avenue Toledo, Ohio 43608

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 4 minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By witness estimate 

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. [IF] you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? To your right

FTD FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, JUL 61, which is obsolete.

- page 8 -

There is a photograph present in this image, which appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or illustration. The sketch depicts an object that the witness describes as a "flying object" or UFO. The sketch shows a sunburst-like shape with radiating lines, which the witness has labeled as "MY HOME".

OCR text output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES, WHEN AN AIRPLANE SEEMED TO BE CHASING THE OBJECT. 
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound SILENT
b. Color BRIGHT, ORANGE-RED. CHANGING TO WHITE AS IF. 
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape and relative size of the objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that appear significant, such as color, tail or exhaust trails or vapor trails.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, possibly a report of a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Appears to be 45 - 50 miles per hour.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 25 ft.
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. In a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoor, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other Called from my home to.
23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. In an open field? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other.
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Windshield Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Binoculars Yes No, f. Telescope Yes No, g. Theodolite No, h. Naked eye (no instruments) Yes
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object's which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A reddish-orange colored object about the size of a basketball, round in shape, with pointed ends turned downward slightly.

- page 10 -

The image contains a sketch with various angles and measurements related to tracking the movement of an unidentified flying object. There is also a compass rose diagram in the top right corner of the image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Just ONE object. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten report or document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. government program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document reads:

"34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 April 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I was walking to the stone store when I looked up and saw a bright light go overhead in the sky. As it passed over it appeared to shine on the ground below and then it went straight from north to south very rapidly. It was observed about 10:45. I seemed to shine like a window in the sky and it went right straight down the street.

The postal address became a close building on Summit street, because I was on the corner of 106th and Summit street. The one about the size of a car was a higher brightness than a star and dimmer than the full moon and moved in a straight line on a clear night, because if a meteor or aircraft had been the case, the close observer would have been more because the cloudy caused it to stand out.

Sincerely yours

P.S. I would be delighted to have a talk with the U.F.O's and to give other some of the possible."

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As per the instructions, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location:
No, I have never seen this object before. This is the first time I have seen it. It was seen on May 9, 1966 in Toledo, Ohio.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES  NO

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES  NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED] SOME GIRL NAMED
TOLEDO, OHIO 46608
@ N. DETROIT AVE.
A BASS-UN AVENUE
(X) SET OF TWIN BOYS ACE 10.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] TOLEDO, OHIO  
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] 
AGE: 42  SEX: FEMALE
(Please indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have worked in a Catholic Parochial School and have had a very interesting and satisfactory work experience. For the past 10 years I have been as a custodian of a Catholic Church. We have raised a family of 6 children, 3 boys and 3 girls, and now have 8 grandchildren. We spend most of our spare time with our family and in pursuits connected with the Church work, such as serving on various Church committees. This sighting on May 9, 1966 at about 8:30 P.M. was the first time I have ever seen anything like this object. I would like very much to know what it was because it seemed so unusual and strange.)

WHEN AND WHERE I WORK: ST. VINCENT DePAUL CHURCH

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

15 th - June - 1966
Day  Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
A ranger, Cleve, who keeps in close touch with me, has told me that he had an experience one night this same month of March, 1966, when he was out on the highway near Erie, Ohio. He stopped to investigate a very large and brilliant light in the sky which seemed to be a red hot ball of fire of incredible brillianse (sic). When he was standing there, his car stalled and all the lights went out. He could hardly start it again. He said he stood there for 15 min. or so, watching this light in the sky and the stalling of his motor, with no apparent explanation. This is the first time, I believe, that a government or other official has confirmed any unusual strange happening like this in our area. I have not seen this light myself at any time, in secrecy, but of course I have heard many stories. In this particular case this ranger, who is a very reliable man, was greatly impressed and dumbfounded by the strange phenomena he witnessed. It seems to me that there was a large saucer-shaped object or some kind of a mysterious craft there, for his car motor to stall like that in its close proximity. I did see some strange lights in the sky near my home one night, but nothing as spectacular as what Cleve has described. However, that particular night was very hazy and overcast, and I could hardly see at all. I have not seen this light again since that night. This seems to be one thing - which I have not mentioned before. I have seen some strange things in the sky, which I cannot explain, but nothing as spectacular as what Cleve has described, and that is why I feel this is important to include in my report.

- page 14 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified aerial object. The image shows a detailed, intricate pattern of spikes or rays radiating outward from a central point, giving the object a star-like or burst-like appearance. The document caption states "This is the way the object appeared to the witness" and mentions "many, many stars also" being observed.

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will extract the text from the document:

This is the way the object appeared to the witness. The object was bright and circular in shape. The witness, Virgil Schultz, stated that many, many stars also appeared around the object.

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a photograph of a complex, radial pattern resembling a burst or explosion. The pattern consists of intricate lines and spikes radiating outward from the center, creating a striking visual effect. There are no human faces or identifiable individuals present in this image.

Project Blue Book 1966-03-8676347-Toledo-Ohio.pdf16.txt

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO)

1. Date of Sighting: March 8, 1966
2. Time: 8:00 P.M.
3. Location: Toledo, Ohio
4. Witness(es): Mr. and Mrs. John Doe
5. Description of Object: Two bright lights, triangular in shape, approximately 30 feet in diameter, were sighted hovering above a wooded area. The lights were reported to be pulsating and occasionally blinking off and on.
6. Duration of Sighting: 10 minutes
7. Weather Conditions: Clear sky, no cloud cover
8. Reported To: Local police department, reported to Project Blue Book the next day.
9. Action Taken: Investigation conducted by Air Force investigators. No further details or conclusions provided.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page includes the date "NOVEMBER 29, 1966" and the address "5801 VICTORY 9:20".

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
INFORMATION OFFICE
SAFTP, WASHINGTON 20330

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

To whom it may concern:
On the evening of March 23,1966, Between the hours of 8:00, and 9:00 P.M., I was called out of my home to see some sort of an object which was in the sky. At the moment I first saw this object it was no higher than a home. It traveled in the form of a figure 8. This object had a flickering light, when approaching it appeared to be very bright, seemed to grow dim and then bright again, this appearance and disappearance was erratic, sudden. When the object had been in this direction for awhile, and the object had disappeared, somewhere. When the object had been observed, a flickering off, and then on.
When first seeing the object with a naked eye, it had appeared to have hundreds of blue-green flashing lights. As it approached nearer it seemed to be a circular object, with a pair of bright lights, and could not see these points any more. I did not have a camera to know positively what I had seen, so I have made a sketch of the way this object had looked to my eyes. My eyes are in perfect condition, and I know that I did not see anything that was not there. So we agreed this is what I would go away from the plane. Perhaps someone is trying to reach us or we are trying to reach the moon. We may be able to find the solution to this some day-if this object ever lands in our yard I will contact you. I would certainly would like to know what this is, as thousands of others would. This does not frighten me in the least. Perhaps it could be MARS.
I am employed and certainly am not CRAZY:

The text appears to be a handwritten description of a UFO sighting on March 23, 1966 in Toledo, Ohio, from the perspective of the observer. It includes details about the appearance and behavior of the object, as well as the observer's thoughts and reactions.

- page 18 -

There does not appear to be a photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a letter from Captain O. Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF, to Mr. and Mrs. [Redacted], regarding their unidentified observation report from March 28, 1966. The letter requests the completion of an attached form and states that the Air Force does not release the names of individuals reporting unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (ITEM) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
7 June 1966

Mr. and Mrs. [Redacted]
Toledo, Ohio #3608

Dear Mr. and Mrs. [Redacted],

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 28 March 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 164 and return it to the address provided.

I wish to assure you that we do not release the names of individuals without their permission. We are enclosing a copy of the brochure which describes the Air Force's program on unidentified flying objects.  

I wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
1. PID Form 164
2. Blue Book

- page 19 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document containing details of a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 28 March 66 29/0128Z
2. LOCATION Toledo, Ohio
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Few Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual (TX)
7. COURSE Hovering, westward
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION AIRCRAFT
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted an object that appeared to be stationary. Through a telescope he could distinguish three separate blinking red and blue lights. Heard a humming sound for a few seconds. Observer was looking for objects when he made his sighting. All characteristics consistent with an aircraft sighting.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a written report or document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Toledo, Ohio, March 23, 1966

At 6:45 PM Monday night March 23 of this year, I received a telephone call from a resident of our area (Madison) to report that he saw a UFO go over his end of town. I called to see if I could see them also.

Out over Maumee Bay for about 15 minutes the object hovered again. It was hovering, and he told me on the phone that it would move to a better vantage point, so out to the break water I went. There was no color to the naked eye, but thru binocular it appeared to be pulsating red and white lights. The object remained hovering over the island and say Vy Day Park. It then disappeared behind the trees.

After the light stopped, I returned to the house and made out a partial separation of red and white. There was no noise, and the range could not have been greater than a mile. The object disappeared as quickly as possible this time and got the telescope. I right side up and not too power making it hard to find or follow. I knew this telescope would not bring in as close as I would have liked but I could see three very sharp lights on the object which appeared to be a tail assembly. Very red and green light on the right side as it went straight ahead. About 1:30 on the hour the whole thing seemed to split up and one second on and cease off.

Pulsating red → white ←

Still no sound other than distant street noises. Then just above the horizon, behind the light that we were watching, a telescope traveling towards us slowly. It approached the light and seemed to get brighter or to light up as it neared. At this point the light just seemed to get dimmer and dimmer until it could not be seen any more. For sure for this point it was at a distance and the telescope maintained a steady light on the object. The telescope was hard to say for sure, for it blended into the background, so was the object too distant for me to give a positive say so, but I could hear.

- page 21 -

The image shared does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document that describes an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) incident. The text describes the witnesses' observations, including that they saw a single craft that emitted bright lights and seemed to move against the wind. The document also mentions that the witnesses were asked if any air craft had been running, to which they responded that they had not seen any on Monday night. The text does not identify any individuals and instead refers to the witnesses in a general manner.

From the time it started to really accelerate until it was beyond the only difference the wire saw a had in size of the was to the white be light. Perhaps she is right it looked like to be the binoculars and this separation would not help much us to determine what we saw.
We did not see any other color or lights, or hear noises as normal craft. Our distance, how disturbing from avoid would light might have been about 70 ft.
So that I in there was a single craft that came along was stopped still the lights remained stationary. Its lights did not begin to fall the telescope in separation the way two red light must have been bright they as against the wind and then up at a speed I have never seen before.
We thought this information would be of use to you, and help to determine what we saw.

- page 22 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, with a border around the edge and handwritten text within the border.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I can extract the following text from the image:

If you have any additional information would you please send it to:
Street
Toledo, Ohio 43605

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 29/0124Z
2. LOCATION: Toledo, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 10-15
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 8 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: _ _ _ 
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes, observer can tell
10. CONCLUSION: Auto (stars/planets)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer was in the yard looking for UFOs. He saw 10-15 lights moving in the sky. He took a picture but it did not come out clearly. The lights were described as being larger than stars and moving faster than satellites. Motion of the objects suggested they were probably caused by the movement of the eyes as they scanned the sky.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: UFO (US)
ANALYST: MAJOR QUINTANILLA

Analysis was requested on a polarized photograph containing a string of objects. ALL similar in appearance, taken in the vicinity of Toledo, Ohio. Analysis was conducted by the Photo Analysis Division (PDPD) and Photo Processing Division (PDPP) with the following results:

The photograph was unusable for detailed photo analysis due to scratches, fingerprints, lint, and dirt on the print. It is felt that the discernible images are the moon in the first quarter and other celestial bodies.

GENERAL TEAM
DSC
JFM
RGC

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and corresponding answer options.

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Few, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know 
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: They were bigger than stars but were not as bright

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember
Other things were approximately visual illusions, but were clear not fuzzy.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
e. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 26 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, specifically a questionnaire that was used to gather information regarding unidentified aerial phenomena (UFOs) that had been observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 28 Day, 2 Month, 1966 Year
2. Time of day: 3 Hour, 23 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Huey, Toledo, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours, Minutes, Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Wrist watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _ No X
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? I was watching in my back yard. I saw it and called my parents. It was in the air before it was out of sight. To tell my parents.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes
No
Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes
No
Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Noise
b. Color A group of separate dim white lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? One maybe two of the lights would have been covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

At first they seemed to be tied together since they were all following the same exact pattern

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a project blue book document containing a questionnaire with text responses.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes ® No - Since I do not know the size, I cannot estimate a speed.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes ® All I can say is GREAT distance.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One)
g. Flying over a city?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
I would guess a cigar shaped balloon with rounded ends - similar materials in the same erratic pattern.

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I will now transcribe all the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME LAST Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street Toledo Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 19 SEX Male

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Toledo police department who in turn to called the Air Force that a study in Toledo, Ohio reported seeing the same thing as reported.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch and a compass drawing. The sketch shows a curved line representing the horizon (skyline) and an object above it. The compass drawing shows the cardinal directions.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? --2--. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. 

All were separate objects moving in the same pattern

- page 31 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

PTD (DREW)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
1 APRIL 1966

Toledo, Ohio 43606

Dear Mr. 

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 28 March 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 154 and return it in the enclosed envelope.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

DTD: APR 4 1966

- page 32 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 Day 3 Month 1966 Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
A was in my back yard at the time of the sighting. It was the first time I had gone out to look and see if I could see anything since the sash of sightings in southern Michigan. I had with me a Polaroid camera. I was nervous when I quickly snapped the camera picture as I don't think I got it in the picture. If I had it might not even show as some it was night time, and also because it takes such a small and indistinct picture. I am however submitting the picture for your viewing. These object are were moving in a different direction than usual that night.
May I point out that the line white lines are scratches on the picture made by me while examining it.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force regarding a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please fill out this questionnaire for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 25 March 1966
2. Time of day: 9:15 A.M. - 9:20 A.M.
3. Time Zone: Central Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 16ll Summit, Toledo, Lucas County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? Night: Bright, Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): d. To your left

- page 34 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an excerpt from a typed report or document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the mid-20th century.

March 30, 1966,

On the night of March 28, at approximately 5:20 I spotted an object in the sky a little dim lights about twice the size of stars moving in a whip like pattern out of the south-east towards the north-east. Their were 10 - 15 of these separate lights following each other at about one minute intervals. I have no doubt of this as I observed them both ends of Toledo and upon seeing these objects I called the Toledo police and reported it to them. The police told me a lady in Ridley Ohio, which is just north of Toledo, reported the same string of objects. The same night more Toledoans reported seeing an object but this is the only detail I can give about the incident. I am very interested in knowing what it is that I saw. If you have any idea would you be kind enough to let me know? Thank you for your interest and trouble.

[Redacted]

- page 35 -

The image contains an address label for the "U.S. Air Force" and "Project Blue Book" in Dayton, Ohio. There is no photograph present in this image.

U.S. Air Force
"Project Blue Book"
Dayton, Ohio

- page 36 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted]

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your letter requesting our evaluation of your 23 March 1966 observation. A detailed photo analysis of the photograph was not possible because of scratches, fingerprints, lint, and dirt on the print. It is felt that the discernible images are those of the moon, its first quarter and other celestial bodies.

We wish you had spent more time observing the objects so that a more detailed account of the observation would have been possible.

A study of the submitted data did not reveal a positive explanation, but it appears that astronomical bodies were observed.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

1 Atch
Photograph

Note - Photograph returned - initial clarity, warm.

2. Offset 6-Apr-67

- page 37 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed letter on official stationery. The letter is dated April 4, 1966 and is addressed to "Dear [name redacted]" from Major Hector Quintanilla Jr., Chief, Project Blue Book, US Air Force. The letter acknowledges the recipient's recent unidentified observation report from March 28, 1966 and thanks them for reporting the observation.

PFD (USAF)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
1 April 1966

Toledo, Ohio 43609

Dear [name redacted],

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 28 March 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation of your sighting. We request you complete the attached PID Form 146 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 38 -

The image contains a Polaroid photo, as mentioned in the "REFERENCE MATERIAL" section. The text in the document does not contain any human names or identities, and simply describes the work request for analyzing an unidentified object.

ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK REQUEST
PPT NUMBER: A6010301
DESCRIPTION OF WORK: Request analysis as to what unidentified object may be.
REFERENCE MATERIAL: One Polaroid photo, Form 164 on sighting 28 March 1966, Toledo, Ohio. Request all materials be returned upon completion of analysis.
REQUESTED BY: Maj Hector Quintanilla, Jr. SYMBOL: TDLY/1120 PHONE: 70916/76678
I CERTIFY THAT THIS WORK IS AUTHORIZED BY ME AND THAT IT HAS THE FOLLOWING PRIORITY AND DEADLINE WITHIN MY DIVISION.
12 May 1966 DEADLINE DATE
PRIORITY ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK SIGNATURE OF APPROVING DIVISION CHIEF DATE
FINAL WORK TO BE IN FORM OF: [_] ENGINEERING NOTE [_] COMPUTATION [_] REPORT [_] DRAWING [_] PROGRAM
WORK REQUEST APPROVED BY: DEADLINE DATE
PRIORITY NUMBER [_] ONE [_] TWO [_] THREE WORK ORDER NUMBER

- page 39 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter addressed to "Dear Sir" and dated March 28, 1966. The letter discusses the author reporting an "unidentified observation" and having filled out an "FTD Form 164" report, which they later mailed to the recipient on April 6, 1966. The author also mentions having received their own report form and appreciates the recipient sending them the report form.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

Dear Sir:
On March 28, 1966, I reported in a postal card, to you,
to have made an unidentified observation.
In reply to this card you sent me an FTD Form 164 to fill
out and return.
6, 1966, I did so and mailed this form to you on April
As I have since received no reply from you and do not
know whether some error has caused this report form to be
misplaced this report form. If so I would appreciate you sending
me another report form.
If you have received my report form which I mailed to you
and have not yet had a chance to reply to me I would greatly
appreciate your earliest attention and evaluation of the report.
Sincerely,
Toledo, Ohio 43609

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of an old document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. government program that investigated UFO sightings.

Dear Sir:

On March 28, 1966, I reported in a postal card, to you, a UFO incident which I observed.

In reply to this card you sent me an FTD Form 164 to fill out and return. I did so and mailed this form to you on April 6, 1966. I have since received no reply from you and was wondering if maybe you didn't receive or misplaced this report form. If so I would appreciate you sending me another report form which I mailed to you and have not yet had a chance to reply to me as I am interested in your findings and evaluation of the report.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Toledo, Ohio 43609

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document related to a UFO report from Toledo, Ohio.

FTD TD- EW/UFO
Chief, Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

- page 42 -

I did not detect any photographs in the image provided. However, the image does contain text from an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) report as part of Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT DATA REPORT

Date of sighting: 23 March 1966
Time: 6:30 p.m. Duration: Approximately 1:30 PM
Reported by: [Name redacted]
Address: [Address redacted], East Rochester, N.H. Telephone: [Number redacted]
Number of people observing object: 2
Description of object: No object was sighted. "Beep-beeping" noise was heard indoors and outside. Its source of emission could not be determined.
Shape: n.a.
Did color change: n.a.
Did color change in intensity: n.a.
Speed of object: Source of noise could not be determined but it did not seem to move
Where: For how long: Summer Street, East Rochester, New Hampshire
Location of sighting: Summer Street, East Rochester, New Hampshire
Description of direction and path of travel: n.a.
Was any other associated with sighting: see above Describe
Describe the object's distance from you in relative terms, such as "About three-top level", "About one block away", "A few hundred feet above the ground", "High in the sky", etc. distance to noise could not be determined
Describe size of object, such as "size of a golf ball", "size of an airplane", size of a house", "larger", "smaller" from sound
Weather conditions: [Such as clear night, cloudy, hazy, etc.] Clear night
How did object disappear from sight: ( ) Suddenly ( ) Slowly to distance ( ) Suddenly to distance
Additional information: (See reverse side)

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated April 11, 1967, regarding the evaluation of an observation made on March 28, 1966.

FILE
29 MAR 66
SAFOICC/Mrs Cassel/jad/79079/10 Apr 67

APR 11 1967

Dear Mr. -,
Reference your letter requesting our evaluation of your March 28, 1966 observation.
Detailed photo analysis of the photograph was not possible. It is not the type of photographic evidence, and details on the photo are not clear enough to warrant any conclusion. We wish you had more time observing the objects to that a more detailed account of the observation would have been possible. A study of the satellite data did not reveal a positive explanation, but it appears that the unidentified data did not represent a close celestial body.
Attached is the photograph you made available for analysis.
Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment (Photo)

Mr. 
Toledo, Ohio 43609
COORDINATED BY: SAFOICC
SAFOICC Coord cy
CMNR Cy
Rdrs Cy
Acty Cy
Stbk Cy

- page 44 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a series of questions and responses about a UFO sighting.

OCR text output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No the object did not disappear while I was watching it

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - There was no sound to it
b. Color - The object was white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The covered part of the object was about 5 inches 

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or copy. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Object was not moving it hovered

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO-Watching
Newest 'Sport'
Of Area Residents

ELLIOT - The newest sport in
this town is watching UFO's, or
unidentified flying objects.

For the past few nights, cars
parked on lonely country roads
to "watch" a strange, large,
bright object which residents
say appears in the skies and is
looking for space ships and little
green men therein.

Friday night in East Elliot,
there were at least a dozen
parked vehicles whose occupants were scanning the skies
for sight of a UFO.

Residents of the area reported
hearing a "strong beeping
sound" and there was a green
object seen in the sky on Route
Road, where some felt "something" may have landed.

The reasoning was that a
number of trees were crushed
and branches broken. However,
inspection of the area didn't reveal
the damage could have been
done by snow and ice.

Earlier in the week, some
other Spinney Creek residents
over Spinney Creek, and on
Wednesday three men driving
along Beach Road observed
something in the sky near the
power lines, and followed it.

"The 'thing' was making
erratic motions" and was moving quite rapidly.

The men followed it toward
Kittery down Route 236, caught
up with it or near it, before it
veered off and vanished.

One woman reported finding
some odd "plastic" type object
near her home.

Although the UFO activity
has come mostly from Elliott
residents, sometimes the "ship,"
or "something" landed a few
nights ago on the beach in
Kittery.

In fact, police checked out a
report of a "loud beeping" near
one home, and when they went
there found out the beeping was
really peeping from a tree frog.

- page 46 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the mid-20th century.

Noise appeared simultaneously on Channel 10 at a local television station and on a radio station. It could not be determined if these signals originated from or coincided with the auditory signals heard outdoors in Rochester. The signals have not reoccurred since 23 March.

- page 47 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report detailing unidentified flying object sightings.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 509TH BOMBARDMENT WING (SAC)
PEASE AIR FORCE BASE, NEW HAMPSHIRE 03801

29 MAR 1966
Directorate of Information (DXXI)

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: AFSC (FTDR)

1. Attached are two preliminary reports of alleged UFO sightings, forwarded in accordance with AFR 200-2.
2. Also enclosed is a clipping from the local newspaper, containing an article on UFO interest in the local area.
3. I believe the newspaper article will help in part to explain the "sightings". There has been a normal amount of interest generated locally, since the recent "Michigan sightings". With more people "looking for UFOs", undoubtedly more "see" them.
4. I don't believe the two enclosed reports require any further follow-up action. One can be attributed to over-active imaginations, possibly aided by aircraft sightings on a cloudy night. The other could possibly be some sort of radio communication from a "ham" radio operator.

FOR THE COMMANDER
MARTIN T. HARKEY, Captain, USAF
Director of Information

1. UFO Data Report
2. UFO Data Report
3. UFO News Clipping
4. UFO News Clipping

Peace.... is our Profession

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old newspaper clipping or document, possibly related to Project Blue Book.

West
Lebanon

Church Notes
Sunday school superincendent, Eugene D. Cram
said Sundeys morning due to a
heart'ailment of the permanent wife.
place
The Evarts Allen memorial
will be given to Mrs. Ar- 

thur Greasev's mother, who has 
been confined to her home for 
some time, with illness.

Flying Intruders from
Outer Space?
Strange noises have been noted 
recently in this vicinity. They
have been described as a loud, 
beeping sound.

MARCH 24, 1966
THE ROCHESTER (N.H.) COURIER

Enough at times to be heard in 
doors. They come mostly at 
night, and have been heard in 
various parts of the village. 
It has been conjectured that they may be from some outside source, perhaps some sort of animal. Anyway, the noises are being made without delay.

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an airgram, which is a form used for communication between the Department of State and other government agencies.

AIRGRAM

DEPARTMENT OF STATE

TO : Department of State

INFO : Embassyy LISBON 

FROM : AnCOnfen LOURENCO MARQUES  

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighted at Maputo

REF :

Enclosed for the use of the appropriate U.S. Government office (presumably the Department of the Air Force) is a report regarding a flying object sighted at Maputo. According to the report, the UFO was relatively stationary for several hours during the night near Maputo. The three witnesses, including a newspaper reporter and a local artist in the town of Maputo, described the sighting. According to the article, the UFO was relatively stationary for several hours during the night near Maputo. The three witnesses, including a newspaper reporter and a local artist in the town of Maputo, described the sighting. The artist was able to sketch the UFO as it appeared from the closeup position of observation, and c) the UFO as it appeared to the artist from Maputo.

Concern is expressed about government censorship, and the naming of witnesses. We doubt the accuracy of the reports and artist's observations. Other details and more early reports of UFOs in Mozambique have appeared two or three times during the past year or two.

Henry Clinton Recd
American Consul General

- page 50 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old government document, specifically a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document is as follows:

APR 5 1966

CAPT (USAF) RAYMOND J. PETERSON APB, Ohio 45433
8 April 1966

East Rochester, New Hampshire

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 23 March 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PRID Form 16 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

WALTER WINZELL, Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

ORIGINATOR: 2 4 S\r-v.i,• DATED - 4-8-66

- page 51 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text of the document is as follows:

UM OBJECTO ESTRANHO
NO CEO DE NAMPULA

(Continuacäo da PRIMEIRA pág.)

"nuova" frente aos nossos olhos. A forma indefinida, changante, feito de nuvem. Ora parece aproximar-se, ora se afastar, ora subir, ora descer. Possuindo umas "fataihas" sobre a sua própria ação, determinando ora a sua diminuição, ora o seu aumento, ora a sua "desaparição", ora o seu reaparecimento.  

0 que sera? Perguntarao muitas pessoas. Já na mente de alguns, surgira o termo "objecto voador não identificado", tão propalado na atualidade, aqui representado.

Nao quero avancar com definitivas conclusões sobre o que vi. Apenas descrevo o que observei.

O dia nascla. As minhas primeiras observações foram feitas cerca das 6 horas e 15 minutos da manha, quando avistei, no ceu, um pequeno ponto luminoso, que parecia pairar a uma altura que me foi impossível determinar.

Trata-se, aparentemente, de uma mancha no ceu, que se apresenta inicialmente sob a forma de urn pequeño ponto, que aumenta de proporções gradativamente, até atingir o diametro aproximado de fres metros, desaparecendo depois lentamente.

0 observador Depots observou por algumas horas, dia a dia, o mesmo fenómeno. Entretanto, não conseguiu tirar qualquer fotografia, porque o fenómeno se passava com muita rapidez.

Diante da realidade dos factos aqui expostos, muito podiamos relatar, quer sóbre as reações oficiais que, decerto, virão a ser desencadeadas por esta reportagem, quer sóbre os comentários da populacao local, cujo interesse e curiosidade ja se encontram, evidentemente, aguQados com a notícia do estranho objeto avistado no ceu de Nampula.

Esta a "mais recente" versäo dos acontecimentos. Versäo esta que nos chega pelo testemunho oficial, e que servirá de enriquecimento aos já inumeraveis relatos do genero, que vêm sendo publicados nesta edição e que, decerto, ainda continuará repercutindo-se no País e fora dele.

RELACAO DE FACTOS:
O chefe do Laboratorio Militar declarou que este fenómeno foi observado e verificado imediatamente, notando, imediatamente, as reflexdes dos extremos da trajetória do objecto luminoso, que descrevia no ceu, com o auxílio das lentes. Acrescentando que o que denominam de "Nampula" é urna mancha clara, que surge no ceu, permanecendo durante algum tempo, desaparecendo em seguida.

TESTEMUNHO OFICIAL
O chefe do Laboratorio Militar declarou que este fenómeno foi observado e verificado imediatamente, notando, imediatamente, as reflexes dos extremos da trajetória do objecto luminoso, que descrevia no cel, com o auxilio das lentes, acrescentando que o que denominam de "Nampula" é uma mancha clara, que surge no ceu, permanecendo durante algum tempo, desaparecendo em seguida.

- page 52 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a newspaper or magazine article with the title "UM 'OBJECTO ESTRANHO' NO CEU DE NAMPULA" (A 'Strange Object' in the Sky of Nampula).

OCR Text Output:

UM "OBJECTO ESTRANHO"
NO CEU DE NAMPULA
OBSERVADO DEMORADAMENTE
POR DIVERSAS PESSOAS
Por INACIO DE PASSOS (Da nossa Delegacao em Nampula)
NAMPULA, 27 - A vida de Sabado em Nampula encerrava-se com
uma sessao de baza, A qual concorria grande parte da populacao nesta
capital do norte de Mocambique, quando, por volta das 22,30 horas,
alguem deu o alarme de que no ceu se observava um "objecto estranho."
A noite estava clara e sem teto, iam, a sua volta, a presenca
do objecto chegando a mais de cern pessoas.
Examinavam-no curiosamente, abandonando as diversoes que os matenham
na pra^a e na cidade do cinema. Deixando-se observa-lo de perto e a
uma altura de cerca de 5.000 pes, apontavam-no e discutiam entre si,
procurando uma interpretacao logica. Junto
com eles, alguns elementos da Policia
que acorreram ao local, observavam atentamente as evolueses do objeto
no ceu.
Por varias vezes, o objecto parecia
deslocar-se em diferentes direcQoes e em
velocidade diversa, acompanhado de
uma especie de claridade fosforescente.
Os ultimos casos revelam um dado
novo — o objeto, alem de parar, parecia
oscilar em torno do seu eixo, com o que
Parecia agitar o ar envolvente.
UM OBJECTO LUMINOSO
Para os leitores do Nampula um
objecto luminoso, pronto, parava, acelerrava e voltava a parar, desnort
eando as pessoas que o observavam,
Muitos deles achavam tratar-se de um
"balao" ou de uma aeronave.
Em certas ocasioes as curvas executadas pelo "objecto" assemelhavam-se
as de um aviao em fase de inicia^ao,
com uma janela iluminada por luz in
terior. De Inicio, estimava-se que o
objecto se encontrasse a cerca de 5.000
pes de altura. Mas, a dada altura, o fe
nomeno cientificamente identificavel, en
trancava com suas reais dimensoes, A
sua velocidade era, por vezes, vertigixlosa
(ao dizem os observadores). E raro, poremr
suas antenas! - restauravam a calma dos
espectadores excitados,

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned newspaper clipping with text describing a reported UFO sighting in Columbus, Georgia.

The text found in the document is as follows:

G.. The Fairborn Daily Herald, Monday, March 28, 1966

Strange Flying Object Is Spotted in Columbus, Ga. 

COLUMBUS, Ga. (UPI) — An airport control tower operator spotted a strange object hovering high in the sky yesterday, but he said it was gone when stars normally come out.

Six Columbus policemen and a control tower operator also said they saw the strange object.

Deputy Sheriff Bob Palmer, an air traffic control operator at Muscogee County Airport, said the object appeared as a large lighted area about 50 to 75 feet long.

It was whitish cigar shaped object at about 5,000 a.m. and stayed at the same spot for over an hour, Palmer said he had fliers.

- page 54 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn illustration depicting what seems to be a UFO or spacecraft. There are several sketches showing the object from different angles, along with some text annotations. However, the image does not contain any human faces that I can identify.

Text found in the document:

A-156 from 
Laurence Marques

VISTO A 24 KM DA VILA.

PRIMEIRO DESENHO 

SEGUNDO DESENHO

ESQUEMA DE LUZ 
ROSADA VISTO CERCADO POR 
LUZES AZULADAS.

- page 55 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force. The page contains a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object, including details about the stars, moon, weather conditions, and appearance of the object.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?  Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke?  Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness?  Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape?  Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?  Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?  Yes / No / Don't know

- page 56 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document reads as follows:

TEST/UFO
UFO Photograph
Mrs. G___
6 February 1967

Reference your unidentified photograph that was taken at 1100 hours 27 March 1966 at the Orlando, Florida. Study analysis has been completed with the following results:
a. The images suggest that the photograph was taken through a plate glass window or through an open doorway with an overhang. The images appear somewhat distorted and blurred, possibly due to reflection from the glass of the window or open doorway.
b. Any further detailed analysis would depend upon the receipt of additional information relating to the camera position, light sources and relative location to any surrounding reflecting surfaces.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES C. MARETT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

3 Atchs:
1 - Original negative v/original
2 - 8 x 10 Color Enlargement
3 - 8 x 10 Black & White Enlargement

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

SIGHTING: 27 March 1956, Dayton, Ohio
Miss SD., W-7 AFB, Ohio observed an object on the night of 27 March 1956 at the Dixie Drive-in. Object went N to SW, looked to be high as airplane.
Saw it for just a few minutes. Looked like a star. Observed 11:45 or 12 pm. Looking through the windshield, object went over the screen.
Major Quintanilla said we had a couple of reports for satellites at that time last night (when she observed object). She said it looked like satellites. (It is quite possible that she had her directions off slightly).

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a "Photo Analysis Report" from Project Blue Book, which describes the analysis of five unidentified objects in an unknown location on an unknown date.

The text in the document is as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 66-53
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 29 November 1966
SUBJECT FIVE UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS
LOCATION UNKNOWN
DATE UNKNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHY
AF NR - IR - QUALITY One 8 x 10 color print (no number) with negative and one unrelated negative
1. PURPOSE: This report answers Work Order 66-45, submitted by Major R. Quintanilla, Jr. regarding the analysis of the photograph of the five objects or reflections of objects that appear as.
2. ANALYSIS:
a. The character of the five images suggest that the photograph was taken through a plate glass window or through an open doorway. The images appear as reflections from overhead rectangular ceiling light panels positioned to the rear and below the camera, possibly unnoticed by the photographer prior to taking the photograph.
b. Any further detailed analysis would depend upon the receipt of additional information relating to the camera position, light sources and relative location to the scene.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY: APPROVED BY:
ROBERT L. COUNTERMAN WILLIAM L. TURNER
Intelligence Research Specialist Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
WILBER PRICE, JR.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 59 -

The image contains a photograph. The image appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO report. The document states that the attached photo and negative were made on March 1966 at 1100 hours at Boca Park, Orlando, Florida. The person taking the photo was not aware of the objects which appeared in the photo. The photos are the property of and were taken by Mr. Wm. C. Boyce, Orlando, Florida, and the return of the photos is requested to the owner. The document is signed by William G. Boyd, Lt Colonel, USAF, Chief, Operations and Training Division.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HQ 1360TH AIR BASE GROUP (MAC)
ORLANDO AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 32813

REPLY TO BOOT
ATTN OF: UFO

TO: HQ PTCD (TDEW/UFO) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB 
DAYTON, OHIO 45433

1. The attached photo and negative were made at 1100 hours, 27 March 1966, at Boca Park, Orlando, Florida. Direction is South.
2. The person taking the photo was not aware of the objects which appeared in the photo. 
3. Photos are the property of and were taken by Mr. Wm. C. Boyce, Orlando, Florida. Request return to owner or this office.
4. The above information is submitted, reference telecon with ASC Elmer, your fia, and this office date.

WILLIAM G. BOYD, Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Operations and Training Division

1 Atch
Photo/negative

- page 60 -

The image appears to show an outdoor scene, possibly a park or field, with two figures walking in the foreground. The background shows trees and other vegetation. The image quality is low, likely due to the age of the document.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 61 -

There is no photograph visible in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten note that says "This case contains 21 8x10" photos."

Text from the document:
This case contains 21 8x10" photos.

- page 62 -

The image appears to show a park or garden setting with what looks like a grassy area and some trees in the background. There are two figures, possibly people, walking on the grass. The image is in black and white.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 63 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document or report.

THE SKETCH SHOWS APPAREMT SIZE THRU 16X50 BINOCULARS. THIS SEEMS TO BE THE SAME OBJECT AS DESCRIBED IN REPORT, NO 4.

WINGS WERE APPARENTLY VISIBLE ABOUT 2/3 THE DIAMETER OF THE BODY. THERE WAS NO APPARENT MOTION OR CHANGE OF POSITION ALTHO MAN WHO OBSERVED IT WATCHED IT FOR SEVERAL MINS.

FROM WHAT COULD BE GLEANED, THE SHAPE OF THE OBJECT COULD BE LIKENED TO A THIN UNEVEN PLANE SEEN EDGE-ON, WITH A THICK WHITE VAPOR STREAM TRAILING BEHIND THE CRAFT.

NOTE THAT THE NIGHT BACKGROUND AT TIMES MADE IT DIFFICULT TO DISTINGUISH THE TRUE NATURE OF THE CRAFT AS ITS LIGHTING WAS NOT BRILLIANT, AND CONTRARY TO MANY REGULATIONS.

- page 64 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text and a diagram.

UNUSUAL OBJECT SEEN TRAVELLING
15 TO 15 ABOVE 5 HORIZON.
APPEARED TO BE AT LEAST 100 ABOVE 
GROUND. MOVED AWAY TO S. DISAPPEARED.
AIRCRAFT SIMILAR FAMILIAR TO 
(ALTITUDE SLIGHTLY HIGHER) - A 
FEW MINUTES LATER.)
THE OBJECT WAS MOVING MUCH 
FASTER THAN LATER PROJECT APOLLO, 
but was also quietly silent. 
NO SOUND COULD BE HEARD, 
ALTHO THE AREA WAS QUIET.
OTHER PLACES WERE QUITE NOISY.

930' ALTITUDE 
52.50'
10°
1445 MPH SPEED
tan 10° = .1763
tan 15° = .2679

- page 65 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "29 - 31 MARCH 1966 SIGHTINGS" that lists various locations, observers, and evaluations of UFO sightings.

29 - 31 MARCH 1966 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
29 Bron, Ohio Insufficient Data
29 Iscose, Wisconsin Astro (MOON)
29 Ottawa, Ohio Photo) Insufficient Data
29 Findlay, Ohio Astro (VENUS)
29 Wilmington, Delaware Insufficient Data
29 Brighttown, New Jersey Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
29 Houston, Texas Insufficient Data
29 Trenton, New Jersey Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
29 Henniker, New Hampshire Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
29 Stanford, Connecticut Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
29 East Hampton, New York 1. Aircraft
2. Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
3. Aircraft
30 15.54N 152.35E (Pacific) Military Astro (METEOR)
30 Bevarly Shores, Indiana Astro (VENUS)
30 Wall Township, New Jersey Folder) (PHOTOS) Insufficient Data
30 Kettering, Ohio Satellite
30 Ottawa, Ohio Unidentified Satellite
30 Houston, Texas Insufficient Data
30 Levitown, Louisiana Insufficient Data
30 Marinette City, Wisconsin Insufficient Data
30 Topeka, Kansas Folder) (PHOTOS) 1. Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
2. Photo (PROCESSING DISTORTION)
30 Wausau, Wisconsin Astro (CASPELLA)
31 Wichita Falls, Texas Astro (JUPITER)
31 Colorado Springs, Colorado Folder) (PHOTOS) Insufficient Data
31 Chicago, Illinois Satellite
31 Payne, Ohio Insufficient Data
31 Panama City, Florida Satellite
31 Houston, Texas Other (GUSTS)
31 Salt Lake City, Utah Insufficient Data
31 Selma, Alabama Aircraft
31 Elm Branch, New Jersey Insufficient Data
31 Rahoboth, Massachusetts Aircraft
31 Toms River, New Jersey Aircraft
31 Fallmouth, Massachusetts Astro (METEOR)
31 Houston, Texas Astro (ACCIDENS)
31 Livonia, Colorado 1. Aircraft
2. Satellite
31 Columbus, Ohio Insufficient Data
31 Gunterville, Alabama Aircraft
31 Highland Heights, Kentucky Astro (SIRIUS)
31 Ent AFS, Colorado Astro (STARS/PLANETS)

- page 66 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document that contains a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting or report.

The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Camera Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Television set Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. The common object(s) should be one(s) which most people could identify.

The observed object was like an unusual bright star in the sky. It appeared larger and brighter than most stars and had an irregular luminous outline that seemed to flicker and pulsate. The object moved slowly across the sky for several minutes and then suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view.

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a table with information about various UFO sightings.

29 - 31 MARCH 1966 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE	LOCATION	SOURCE	EVALUATION
MAR 28	Indianapolis, Indiana	Ltr	Astro (MOON) Setting
28	Milton, Iowa	Lt Col	Astro (VENUS)
28	Willshire, Ohio	Newsclipping	Astro (VENUS)
29	Rome, New York	NICAP	Astro (VENUS)
29	Haverhill, Massachusetts	Newsclipping	RETROGRADE SATELLITES
29	Beacon, New York	Newsclipping	164 (INFORMATION ONLY)
30	Greencastle, Indiana	Ltr	
30	St Catharies, Ontario	NICAP	
30	Lemon Grove and La Mesa, California	NICAP	

- page 68 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with various sketches and instructions.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 69 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR text output:

UFO (UNOW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
5 April 1966

APR 5 1966

Street
Toledo, Ohio 43608

Dr. Hynek:

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 25 March
1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. It is assumed that your complaint did attached
not accompany your report.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Forces.

UNCLA5STFIED

MAJOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 70 -

