The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 
6/11/1966 - 2120
2. LOCATION
Farmville, Va.
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual
7. COURSE
Straight 
8. PHOTOS
N
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
N

10. CONCLUSION
The object observed appeared to be a bright light, the size of a car, traveling at a high rate of speed, made no sound. It was being observed for approximately 10 minutes and suddenly disappeared. The observers opinion was that the object was probably a satellite or a meteor.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
A report was received on 6/11/66 at 2120 hours in Farmville, Virginia, regarding a bright light, approximately the size of a car, traveling at a high rate of speed, without sound. The object was observed for approximately 10 minutes and then suddenly disappeared. The observers opinion was that the object was probably a satellite or a meteor.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document page from Project Blue Book. It appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One:) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One:) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One:)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ________

23. Were you (Circle One:)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One:)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One:) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other _______________

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 2 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram showing a curved horizon line with angles and directional markings. There is also a compass rose or star diagram on the right side of the image. No photograph is present in this page of the UFO report document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a questionnaire form with various questions about the observer's experience with a reported UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, AGE, SEX
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR system, the text from the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
Day - Month - Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire as a narrative explanation of your report:

In regard to Your Fort Lee Va. received report from R. T. Farmville, Rt 1, Warne - Madore, 1. Report on object. Approx. 8-10"Ing of deputy sheriff Dinwiddle concern. Object was Apparently oval, aluminum color, no sound, no exhaust. Object disappeared over woodline and slowly reappeared and then completely disappear. Estimated duration was 15-20 min.     

38. Childress - Prince Edward Co. Sheriff Dept - Childress reported that between 01-20 PM 10:54 PM 2 round objects, bright whitle color, hovered over the woodline and then rapidly descended and then rapidly went straight up and outof sight. Objects estimated to be about 50 ft diameter and between 50-75 ft alt. No sound was noted. Duration was estimated to be 2-3 mins.

End Sgt. Clarence T. ___ to forward his report to FTD.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page of an old document from Project Blue Book, likely a UFO report.

FTD (IDPSR) / 12 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
19 September 1966

RFD
Collin, Virginia 23934

Dear [Redacted], 

Reference your unidentified observation of 24 July 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient. 
Please complete the enclosed AF Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to 
the Air Force.

WALTER R. QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch of what looks like a UFO or unidentified aerial object. The sketch depicts an elongated, cigar-shaped object with a distinct outline. The text at the bottom of the image reads "Sand 1/4".

Here is the text from the document:

Sand 1/4

- page 7 -

The image provided appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is a photograph present in the image, which shows a single dark-colored elongated object in the sky against a mostly blank background.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

FARMVILLE, VA.
INVESTIGATION REPORT
Date: 8 July 1966
Description of Incident:
At 2250 hours on 8 July 1966, the
observer reported seeing a single bright
object moving rapidly across the sky from east
to west. The object was observed for approximately
2 minutes before it disappeared.
Physical Evidence:
No physical evidence was recovered.
Conclusion:
This sighting is considered unidentified due
to lack of additional information. No explanation
based on known objects or phenomena can be
given for this observation.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document related to a flight path of a UFO. The document is titled "Flight Path of UFO" and appears to be from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters 33d Air Division (SAGE), with the date of 29 July 1966.

Text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 33D AIR DIVISION (SAGE)
FORT LEE, VIRGINIA 23801

29 July 1966

SUBJECT: Flight Path of UFO

TO: Air Force Systems Command
Foreign Technology Division
ATTN: Mr. J. E. Sullivan AFCIN-4E2E
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Enclosure is drawing of flight path made by Deputy Sheriff C. Childrens, Police Department, Va. of UFO he observed 24 Jul 66 which was subject of twix 25 Jul 66 and phone call 24 Jul 66 from this office.

2. The afore mentioned flight path is represented by the shaky lines and are supposed to represent the swaying motion of flight.

WAYNE J. C. SENN, 1st Lt, USAF
Asst Chief, Intelligence Division
Directorate of Operations

- page 9 -

The image contains a handwritten document, but it does not appear to include any photographs. As an OCR system, I will proceed to produce the text found in the document:

12:55 - 2320 P.M.
12:05 - 4:43 P.M.

9/22

Oct 13-2

7250 
Investigating 
L.H.
0430 
out  
9:32 pm 
4:27 am 
6/24/66 
Marine

to 135 and out 10 air
are thin 134 flight in upper

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, which is likely part of a Project Blue Book report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared to give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena (objects) that you have observed. The information obtained from this questionnaire will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. No requests for personal information will be made other than by the address shown.

1. When did you see the object? 7-21-1966
2. Time of day: 11:40 A.M.
3. Time Zone: DST The 1330 var for Farmville
4. Where were you when you saw the object? (No response)
5. How long was object in sight? (Travel Duration)
a. Certain b. Not very sure c. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? - (No response)
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. Day: Bright
b. Night: Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you

FORM FTD OCT 52 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 41, which is obsolete.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and multiple-choice answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

OCR Text:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Translucent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't know

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make a sudden change in direction? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Pulsate or throb? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about the observed object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One: Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what if moved behind.)

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One: Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.)

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. Can you estimate the size of the object? If so, how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch such details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 13 -

