The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The document provides details about an incident that occurred on September 15, 1966, in the California area. It includes information such as the date, location, number of objects observed, length of observation, and a brief summary and analysis of the incident. The document indicates that several observers reported seeing objects which had characteristics of a true sighting, with the objects described as flying low and visible for several seconds.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 Sept 66 16/0414Z  
2. LOCATION: California Area (Multiple)
3. SOURCE: Civilians 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Seconds
6. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Several observers reported objects which had characteristics of a true sighting. The objects were described as flying low and visible for seconds all traveling toward the south.
7. CONCLUSION: Astro (Meteor?)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text in the form of a report. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

UFO REPORTS

2. IDENTIFICATION OF OBSERVER(S):
a. Name
b. Address: Delmar unified school district organization.
c. Phone NR
d. For military only: Grade
e. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
a. Shape: Bright round object
b. Size: 
c. Color:
d. Number: Double, at times one
e. Unusual features or details: Like a light on both sides
f. Trail or exhaust and size:
g. Other particulars or unusual features:

3. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What called your attention to the object?
b. Elevation & heading when first seen: 30 to 40 degrees above horizon
c. Elevation & heading upon disappearance: Turned easterly and upward
d. Maneuvers, if any:
e. How did they disappear? (instantaneously to the North, etc)
f. How long were they visible? A few seconds

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

MEMBERS OF OBSERVATIONS:
a. Statements as to optical side, telescope etc.

DATE AND TIME OF SIGHTING: 
a. Exact time-date group of sighting OHIO Z 26 AUG 66
b. Light conditions, Slight, Day, Dusk or Dark night
c. Position of observer(s) BILL DEMEY Z.ISF

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
a. Photographic (still or motion picture)
b. Type & size of object
c. Types of light change, red, white, flashing
d. Trail & type of trail
e. Number of objects seen
f. Size, expanding under ("pf" stop?)
g. Filters used
h. Was object or solid bright used
i. Was "tracking" used
j. Direction camera was pointing with respect to true North and its angle with respect to the ground
k. Would you be willing to let the AF have the pictures and/or negatives?

FINAL COMMENTS AND INFORMATION:
a. Controllees items and grade
b. Estimate of this report

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

TDPE/UFO Ma J H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/ab/18 Dec 67
UFO Observation, Fall, 1966
Dayton, OHIO 45406

1. This replies to your letter of November 17 on the subject of unidentified flying objects. It is important that a witness report his observation as soon as possible. This enables a detailed investigation to be made to determine the nature of the object and obtain any information that might be of value in the overall evaluation of the sighting.
It is important that a witness report his observation as soon as possible. This enables a detailed investigation to be made to determine the nature of the object and obtain any information that might be of value in the overall evaluation of the sighting. We received your observation report form. To date of your observation we will check the Air Force files to see if we received any other reports from your area on that date.

2. Thank you for bringing your observation to our attention.

MAJOR J H QUINTANILLA, JR., USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

Dear Sir,
This object is about 180 mi NW of Dayton, Ohio. It was first seen at about 8:30 P.M. with bright rays passing out of it. I have observed about 22 times in provided about flying maneuvers around. Last night I got some good stories around. Hamilton, Indiana about strange lights on the horizon and I was told he was flying over low in the village. Blaine waited and I saw something that looked like a glowing light moving very fast in the night sky and was very excited for a little because it was not an ordinary plane. If you are interested in talking to some of these people, I will give my cooperation.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document contains a typed report describing an incident where officers from various departments reported seeing an unidentified flying object. The report provides details about the officers' sightings, including the object's appearance, behavior, and the authorities' response. However, there is no photograph included in this particular page.

Officers Report Seeing Unidentified Flying Object

The officers from the different departments stated that they watched an unidentified flying object for about 15 to 20 minutes this morning. The object was described as bright and brilliant. The officers stated that the object appeared to be hovering over Highway 25 and was following a straight line route. Both the Highway Patrol and Police Department were notified of the sighting, and the object was tracked by both departments. 

According to the county sheriff's radio log, officers of the Police County Sheriff's department and U.S. Defense Command investigated the incident. The officers stated that the object appeared to be hovering over Kimberly Park in that area. According to local authorities, attempts to define the object's presence on radar were unsuccessful.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned image of an envelope or mailing label.

Bryan, Ohio
Major Victor Quartullic
Project Blue Book
Wright Patterson Air Base
Dayton, Ohio

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article or report about a UFO sighting in Ohio and Indiana. The text in the image reads:

UFO Is Reported
In Ohio, Indiana
Police Say Object
Tracked Many Hours
MONTPELIER, 0. - Police said today they had tracked an unidentified flying object for several hours in this area, and that private citizens also reported seeing the object.
Several observers described it as round, brighter than the moon, and maneuvering in a zig-zag pattern. The object was first seen about 7 a.m. southwest of here, according to Montpelier police officer Paul J. Williams.
The Williams County sheriff's department also reported the object was tracked on radar.
Indiana authorities reported they had tracked it more than 100 miles, and that Fulton County departments also were in contact with private citizens who observed the object. Local residents said it moved up and down and back and forth. It was "quite maneuverable" according to the reports, and moved higher at times.
The object was not recorded on radar at Toledo Express Airport.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

SAFOICC/Mrs Cassel/jad/790797/7 Jun 67
JUN 7 1967

Dear Mr ******,

This replies to your recent correspondence concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO).  Your sighting will be filed in our files.  However, a detailed scientific investigation is not conducted in each of these cases.

Without essential information such as flight characteristics, angular measurements, color, size or shape of the object, it is impossible to make any positive identification or analysis.  It is important that any description or observation be reported to the nearest Air Force headquarters so that a proper evaluation can be made.

Thank you for your interest in the Air Force UFO program.

Sincerely,

BARNETT E. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Division
Office of Information

COORDINATED BY: SAFOICC

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed letter with text that appears to be a response to a previous letter concerning an unidentified flying object. The text reads:

Proposed reply to letter from 12 May 1967

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This replies to your recent correspondence concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object last fall. 

The information you submitted will be filed for information purposes only since, at this late date, a meaningful scientific investigation is not possible.

Without essential information such as flight characteristics, angular velocity, weather conditions, I am hesitant in making any kind of explanation. It is important that an individual report his or her observation as soon as possible to the nearest Air Force installation.

Thank you for your interest in the Air Force's UFO program.

A Sajovic 31 May 67

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a document from the Fabius Central School District, containing handwritten text.

FABIUS CENTRAL SCHOOL DISTRICT
BOARD OF EDUCATION 
LUANA L. GLOW, President
GEORGE W. SMITH, Vice-President  
RUSSELL W. WHITNEY, Clerk
LELAND M. HOGUE
HELEN G. MCCARTHY
GEORGIA E. BETTS, Treasurer

FABIUS CENTRAL SCHOOL
POPLEY ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
POMPEY, NEW YORK 13138
WILLIAM C. FANSLOW, Superintendent
DOUGLAS REYNA, Assistant Superintendent
WILLIAM J. FENTON, Director Curriculum Coordinator

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Using optical character recognition, the text in the document is as follows:

1. IDENTIFICATION OF OBSERVER(S):
a. Name: Harrthorne, CA 3.9.P.
b. Address: Hawthnrne, CA
c. Phone: ----Age: 29, Occupation: Mechanic
d. For Military Only: Grade

2. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S):
a. Shape: DSZS CASE
b. Size: 30 times larger than airplane
c. Color: White light & no color on outside
d. Number: 1 Formation, if more than one
e. Distinctive features or details: no color on outside
f. Trail or exhaust and size: 
g. Sound: no sound
h. other pertinents or unusual features:

3. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What called your attention to the object: few called attention to it
b. Direction of travel when first seen: about an inch as it crossed
c. Elevation & heading when first seen: about 45 degrees or so
d. Elevation & heading upon disappearance: 
e. How did they disappear: (instantaneously to the North, etc)
f. length of time in sight: up to 3 minutes

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document from the Fabius Central School District, likely detailing some administrative or operational matters.

FABIUS CENTRAL SCHOOL DISTRICT
BOARD OF EDUCATION
LURANA L. BLOW, President
C. LLOYD E. GOODRICH, Vice-President
LILLIAN B. LACE, Clerk
JOSEPH M. HOWES
GEORGIA U. HOUSE, Treasurer
FABIUS CENTRAL SCHOOL
ROBERT H. YATES, Principal
POMPEY ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
GEORGE N. COBB, Principal
WILLIAM C. SOOD, District Principal
DORIAN R. COCHIS, Assistant Administrator
JOHN E. FISHER, Guidance Director
WILLIAM A. DE LUCCIA, Curriculum Coordinator

The handwritten text in the document discusses various aspects of the school district, such as the administrators, facilities, and activities. It appears to be a detailed update or report on the state of the school district.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document related to the Fabius Central School District, containing handwritten text.

FABIUS CENTRAL SCHOOL DISTRICT
BOARD OF EDUCATION
LUANA L. CLOW, President
CLARENCE A. BROWN, Vice-President
MURRAY L. BASSETT, Clerk
LILLIAN S. HOGUE
GEORGIA U. HOGUE, Treasurer

WILLIAM C. REID, District Superintendent
WILLIAM E. DOOLEY, Business Manager
JAMES L. PISHER, Guidance Director
JOHN T. CARROLL, Attendance Coordinator

The rest of the text appears to be handwritten notes or comments regarding the school district.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten text on what appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The text describes a detailed account of an event, possibly related to a UFO sighting or encounter.

FABIUS CENTRAL SCHOOL DISTRICT
FABIUS, NEW YORK 13063
PHONE: FABIUS 4-6991

LLOYD W. CLARK, President
LUANA L. GLOW, Vice-President
GEORGE R. MUNSON, Secretary
JESSE PILGER, Treasurer

WILLIAM D. GIFFORD, Superintendent
LAWRENCE S. HOYT, Business Administrator

shape a desirhat they were by my flights and perhaps 3,000 feet at the high I would sat they were in number and were flighty in motion all were tilling at the rate of about one canplete revolution every three minales. We saw 5 or 6 go by in this formation. Seme would sty for a while. then would be joined by others. It was much like observation stars that were in movement and not a bit twinkling in appearance. They were in plaine sight and were moved quite rapidly. S was noticin g them with interest and what I saw i am sure of. lt was o'clock and the sky was clear. They were in sight for fully to 20 seconds.
it was no morning. I t had just awoke and Isaid we ware pretty close together on their landing. I I said it was gas. I sure it was no way an airyour transposing with me.
- OPERATION CHILD S A BETTER TOMORROW -

- page 15 -

The image contains a photograph of the Fabius Central School District building, which appears to be an old, multi-story structure. There is no other photograph present in the image.

FABIUS CENTRAL SCHOOL DISTRICT
BOARD OF EDUCATION
EDWARD E. GLOW, President
ALBERTA W. NEIGH, Vice-President 
HENRY D. PECK
JESSIE FISHER
BERTHA C. SHAVER, Treasurer
WILLIAM D. HOOD, District Principal 
GEORGE E. SMITH, Curriculum Director
WILLIAM A. DE LUSCIA, Curriculum Coordinator

Naturally I expect you read my letter! I looked over your instructions and other details the same as you wrote them. Since I am not easily excited I have been in a normal campaign. I have been in a few campaigns but I felt this attack was peculiar. However, I am not familiar with the details and I felt to avoid committing myself. Please keep me advised!

Sincerely

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Text extracted from the document:

Dear Sirs,
I have for a request. It may be of some importance concerning a sighting of an unidentified flying object on September 6, 1966. The sighting took place in Greenville, North Carolina around 10:00 p.m. The object was described as a very bright light that hovered over the area for a minute or two and then accelerated at a high rate of speed and disappeared. It was witnessed by several people in the area. I am interested in any information you can provide regarding this incident. It would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for your consideration.
Sincerely,

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, which contains handwritten text at the top that says "The fig. a.b.c. first visible one."

OCR Output:
The fig. a.b.c. first visible one.
D. Greenville, N.C.
27584

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten text that appears to be a document or report. I will now proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and output the text found in the document:

"NCDC
April 7, 1966
December 9, 1967
(Sept. 1, 1966)

"April 7, 1966"

Until on March 30, at 5:20 a.m. a witness observed what appeared to be a light in the sky. He noticed it was moving in a certain area about 50 yards away. The object suddenly slowed and then moved away at great speed, it seemed to accelerate rapidly and suddenly took off, I looked and watched the object because it was just 5:20 a.m. Then looked around the sky for other stars, the object finally disappeared, Then when I looked at it again it had moved closer to about 200 yards away, and then it slowly faded out of sight. This happened until the object was completely gone. These are the words of (Mrs.) the witness."

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report describing some kind of UFO-related incident or observation.

yard during the night in
the summertime under the
full moon. I saw what appeared at
night and in the morning it was
still there. This may be of interest
as it happened to notice
it and decided to watch it. It
kept gradually changing its
position while hovering on and off
the ground. Several times it
went up and down. The light
was very bright. It never 
moved around too much,
just moved up and down. It
left in the morning. I went to
the tree and found the limb
where it had been. I could not 
figure anything more than
I have told you. Quite a
strange thing, wasn't it?

- page 20 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document or report.

and measured about three feet across. The object was while cylindrical in shape and was while stationary in the air. This next story is also true. One night one of my friends and I were outside watching the stars and talking with other friends when the sky across the corner started to hum off with a strange noise. We started to get and first before we could turn around and get a good look at it. You probably won't believe this but I had long hair and had fingernails. I saw only 15 years old and with all the paper work and correspondence believe dently I quit a I for ufos.

- page 21 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document that seems to be part of a Project Blue Book report.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system output:

"it would please me very much if you could contact Joan H. deliittle of 421 Jackson ave, Panama city, Florida - an UFO investigator who interviewed me about a case involving sightings of strange lights in the sky over the Panama City, Florida, area. It is very important to me that you contact her or at least try to get her observations and findings about her investigation of this case.

As I told her, my interest in this matter is only because of my concern over the fact that there may be a case here worthy of serious investigation. After all, we must conduct ourselves in such a way that even those who do not believe in UFO's will concede that we are being completely objective and impartial in our approach. I hope you will give this your very special attention.

Sincerely."

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text that describes various observations and details related to a UFO sighting.

Here is the text from the document:

MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
a. Sightings as to critical areas, totals once

PLACE AND TIME OF SIGHTING: 
a. Zulu 41-2-date group of sightings OHIO 2 - 16 FEB 66
b. Night conditions, night, no data, came to dusk
c. Duration of sighting(s) 

d. Weather conditions CLEAR

TECHNICAL SECTIONS:
a. Photographic (still or motion picture) 
b. Type & make of camera
c. Type of film, lenses, and size of image
d. Type & speed of film
e. Shutter speed used
f. Lens opening used ("f" stop)
g. Altitude used
h. Was tripod or solid mount used
i. Was "zooming" used  
j. Direction camera was pointing with relation to true North and its angle with respect to ground
k. Would you be willing to let the AF have the pictures and/or negatives?

DUTY CONTROLLERS INFORMATION:
a. Controller's name and grade
b. Disposition of this report

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report, containing handwritten text.

P.S.
This letter is and answer 
to your letter as soon as
possible. This is very important
and to me that this object has
been observed a number of times
I know so far about
Brooksville, Florida, the with
this object has ben seen 
several times. It is
higher than the trees, round
as saucer, has a steady brilliant
light, revolves and at times the
light may be or probably is turning
undergraduates or other military personnel, this
is a piercing high - pitched 
sound that comes from the
light as they were driving
an undetermined shade.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Proposed reply to letter from Mrs.  on 12 March 1967
Dear Mrs. , 
Reference your letter of 12 March 1967 concerning your unusual observation in September 1966. I appreciate your kind letter and definitely feel you must have observed something most unusual; however, I can not offer too much in the way of an explanation.
The only thing that comes to mind would be an artificial cloud release that occurred on 24 September 1966 from Wallops Island, Virginia. A rocket was launched at approximately 0413 EST. At altitudes of 315 and 370 statute miles, there were two enormous cloud releases. This was seen and reported as a UFO by individuals from as far west as Indiana. It did light up the eastern sky. 
I am very doubtful that this was what you observed. This, of course, is only a shot in the dark. I was wondering if the sound and visual observation were unrelated. Another possibility is a static discharger, but this also is just a guess.
Your information will definitely be kept on file which adds to our data base. The late date would not permit a detailed investigation at this time. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

2 April 18 Apr 67

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that describes a UFO sighting.

Suncday, March 12, 1967
M/major H. Quintanilla, Jr.
D eglin, Fla.
D ear Major Quintanilla,
Today's Sunday paper gives your name as the person to report UFO sighting for Elgin,
I have had an experience that I would like you to know about, I was witness to a frightening phenomenon and
heard a terrifying noise, one night in September of 1900, around 11 p. m.
This was at my home, along in the house, as it is unusual. My bedroom window
faces the east. As precisely 15 minutes past midnight, the sky was illuminated for a brief instant by a brilliant white light,
which I at first thought perhaps was a plane; but, on further observation, I found it was much nearer and only
followed by a brief flash of lightning. The sound that accompanied the light was internally loud, and I at first
thought it was thunder until I noticed that the light illuminated the entire eastern sky. This was through
my window in a direct line. What seemed to eliminate the entire eastern sky. This was through
not mere slit was followed by the same evenement, just the low flash burning; or, burning winds,
that are described now - - that seemed to illuminate the entire eastern sky. This was through
an intense, then it was followed by the same evenement, just the low flash burning; or, burning winds,
that are described now - - that seemed to illuminate the entire eastern sky. This was through
not mere slit. It was followed by the same evenement, that the low flash burning, or burning winds, were
stood watching and listening. And the only way I can back yard is quite deep, has
been is all the way. I could not produce any more details when was no danger of my
being seen in my night clothes. In a matter of a few seconds after the flash came
the sound. On each occasion the sound was preceded by the intense light. It seemed to be in the distinct
motion not made for in of fascinating studies so many told by or television. Rochester/regnese
I could have read by this light it was so bright was to. It lasted for a few seconds, then
suddenly disappeared. About 30 seconds later, there was another flash of light of about the same
for a few seconds, then was all. I went back to bed, not at the time, can minutes to four in
the morning. When I got up, the entire sky, in which I lived, was a lighted, What was that and
light?" He said he hadn't t heard it, which was to be expected as the police station is in the
the other direction. The officer did not become Excited as I was not, Considered that was not a potential
present, but was, and they'd listen for police it, at the time. I told him what I had seen
about it. Although it of several reasons for happen and began to as each possibility.
Instances were being roused from sleep by a that they had been more than one person following what the
auxiliary power had been turned on, and they had failed, too. I spoke to the night man himself,
He said that I have of seen something, probably not lightning, It happen, then, Thought, "Might Be."
I ant Lucas Genielinte and Cane Centor, Shartuek Military Academy. Saint ireas School for
Boys, M. I met Verning, Timing Instructor, Marines, who is all of which are well of my home. No planes
had been experienced at any of these places. I phoned the police station again, was told the
patrol cars had seen nothing, and the same negative results came after calling down some other
police stations, in an effort to verify further. I explained that the light I had seen had effused the
entire sky to the east, and was very brilliant.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows only typed text, which I will now transcribe:

It could not possibly have been confused or mistaken for any other lights I'd ever seen. These phone calls and the details mentioned, confirming what I saw and heard. No one had I called our power plant, there had been no trouble there.

I have a close friend, living on the east side, some distance from my home. She had seen these lights in the sky near her home, at the same time that we had seen the lights. These had been installed in their sleeping bags, the family had settled down for the night. The friend said by the time I called her husband was out in the yard, who had seen the lights. We all went to look again, it must have been nearly three in the morning, and there had been slight variations in the lights we saw.

About this for several weeks, trying to find just one person who had seen and heard what I did. I was my son in Salt Lake City, Utah, all about it - he is a physics grad student, and becoming the source of data against me, and dropped it. But I knew what I'd seen and the lighting, it was no more of that noise and the lights as it's possible to produce. I called to get the same data; I knew it was in September since my son had left home after training camp, there is a written record made of every call to the police station but then I pick it up as being here in this date.

I did not see any object at all, in the sky. I did not see any flashing lights at all, and there was not any object of any kind. The thing blotting out the entire section for a matter of minutes. There was only the three double events ... the plot level him on the blinding lights. These three events happened within a period of five minutes, at the most. Some phoned the police during and they said it was not frightening, and that it lasted for some time. I think sometimes after the 17th of that month, it was not threatening, I was on my feet, and heard the other two humans for want of a better word through the stars. I do not think there was an illusion in details, from a distance, I'm not a youngster, seeking thrills or attention because of this, but, then it, it's not like to know about it.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document that contains only handwritten text.

I've transcribed the text as an OCR system:

"I don't think I'd get anywhere reporting this to our local county or state police. I've repeatedly reported sightings to the local police and have never been satisfied with their response. This is not to say they have not been courteous, only that they will not give me the date of my call, and without that, we can do nothing. I don't make a note of the timing of these silly little things, but since information is asked for in this paper today, I'm sending mine on. For what it's worth, I have you can make something of it.

Very sincerely,"

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, containing a letter dated April 21, 1967.

SEPT 6G
MAJOR
BAF-OISC/MrsCassel/bp/70079/21 APR 67

APR 21 1967

Dear Mrs.

MAJOR Quintanilla has asked that I reply to your letter concerning the UFO observation in September 1965.
Your kind letter is appreciated and I definitely feel you must have observed something most unusual. The only thing that comes to mind would be an artificial cloud release that occurred on September 30, 1965, at Kings Valley, Virginia. A recent check of our files indicates altitudes of 30 and 570 statute miles, there were two enormous cloud columns seen that were seen and reported by an unidentified number of observers on the eastern sky; however, I am doubtful that this was what you observed. Another possibility is a static discharge.
But this also is just a guess.
Your information will be kept on file which adds to our data base. The late date would not permit a detailed investigation at this time. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Office of Information.

Sincerely,

GEORGE D. FREEMAN, JR.
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on an official document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

No Case Info. Only Canada

Proposed reply to letter from 15 February 1967

Dear Mr. [Redacted],

Reference your letter of 15 February 1967 concerning your observation of an alleged unidentified flying object in north-central British Columbia. If you wish to complete the enclosed PID Form 164, the information will be accepted; however, a comprehensive evaluation of the data cannot be made at this late date. 

The information will be added to our data base.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

1 Atch
PID Form 164

J. Acuff 22-Mar-67

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with redacted text.

Performing OCR on the document:

The Informant, 6 September 1966
California area
He claimed to have observed a strange object in the sky at approximately 10:30 PM on 6 September 1966. He described the object as being similar in appearance to a full moon, but smaller and much brighter. The object was perfectly round, with no visible edges or surface markings. It appeared to be hovering or stationary in the sky. After several minutes of observation, the object began to move slowly in a westerly direction, maintaining its round shape and bright glow. After traveling a short distance, the object accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view. The witness was unable to provide any additional details regarding the object or the incident.

- page 31 -

The image contains a form titled "Official U.S. Air Force UFO form" with several questions about details of a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this image.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
Part 2

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:
b. Color:

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object's apparent size it covers. If the full length of the object were to be covered by the match head, that would subtend about 1 degree. How much of the object's size was covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you have described in the previous questions, such as the direction, distance, color, and approximate angular size if known. Please do not include the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

20. Do you think you can identify this object? If you answered YES, then tell what.

21. Do you think you can explain this incident? If you answered YES, then tell what.

22. Where were you located when you observed the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Aircraft (type)
e. All else

24. If you were MOVING, what were you in?
24.1 On foot
24.2 By automobile
24.3 Did you stop or not?

25. Did you observe the object:
a. Through binoculars
b. With the naked eye
c. Through a telescope

26. In order that your case can be given which, when placed 
on file, will enable us to give you a report on the findings, please fill in the following:

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form titled "Force UFO form continued" with various questions and checkboxes on it.

FORCE UFO FORM CONTINUED
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 5 degree's
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) A. In the business section of a city? B. In a rural area? C. Outside city limits? D. Countryside? E. In mountains (foothills, etc.) F. Other ______
23. Were you (Circle One) A. in the business section of a city? B. In a rural area? C. Outside city limits? D. Countryside? E. In mountains (foothills, etc.) F. Flying over open country?
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? about 55 miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Window glass Yes No f. Other ______
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object which you feel could give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text from the form has been produced and output.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. IDENTIFICATION OF OBSERVER(S):
a. Name: [REDACTED]
b. Address: Los Angeles, Calif.
c. Phone: [REDACTED] Age: 27 Occupation: Dispatcher
d. For Military Civilian (check one) Organ.

2. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S):
a. Shape: Bright area, about the size of 2 small match in diameter.
b. Size: Difficult to estimate. 
c. Color: Bright - not blinking, just a steady glow.
d. Number: 3. Appeared to be in formation, a more than one.
e. Precision of details: Insufficient data.
f. Trail or exhaust and size: Trail about twice as large as object.
g. Sound: No sound.
h. Other particulars or unusual features: None.

3. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What called your attention to the object? Bright light.
b. Elevation a heading when first seen: 30 to 35 miles high and going east.
c. Elevation and heading upon disappearance: Same as above.
d. Horizontal distance over time: Disappeared.
e. How did they disappear? (instantaneously to the north, etc.) Instantaneously to the north, etc.
f. How long were they visible? 6 to 8 seconds.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows a Project Blue Book UFO report form with various questions and checkboxes for the witness to fill out, such as details about the sighting, weather conditions, and characteristics of the observed object.

AIR FORCE UFO FORM
2. IF you saw the object at night, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.2 MOON (Circle One)
a. None b. Full c. Crescent d. Bright moonlight e. Full moonlight f. Dull moonlight - very dark
3. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Partly cloudy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow or sleet
e. Hail
f. Thunder/lightning
10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Fuzzy 
d. Don't remember
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know  
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Flickering
d. Don't remember
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appeared to stand still at any time?     Yes       No      Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and take off quickly? Yes       No      Don't know
...

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE" report form used to gather information about UFO sightings. The form includes various questions about the details of the sighting, such as the date, time, location, and characteristics of the observed object.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

NO CASE INFO ONLY
OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about any unidentified flying object that you may have seen.
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and your name will not be used in connection with it unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
Day Month Year
2. Time of day:
Hours Minutes
A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other _________
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Present Postal Address City or Town State or County
5. How long were you watching the object? (Total Duration)
Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Yes No
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Bright b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. Behind you d. To your right
8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, was the MOON visible?
a. Yes b. No
9. What were the weather conditions? (Circle One):
a. Clouds b. Haze and clouds c. Clear d. Fog and overcast e. Fog f. Mist or smoke
10. The object appeared:
a. Solid b. Circular c. Spherical
11. If it appeared on a flight, was it:
a. Brighter b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare brightness to:
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Sharp b. Fuzzy c. Ill-defined
13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still or move slowly
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away
c. Move at a constant speed
d. Appear and disappear rapidly
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Leave a trail?
h. Disappear and reappear?
FID OCR 52 164 This form supersedes FTD 108 (Jul 51), which is obsolete.

- page 36 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a form titled "Force UFO form continued".

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

Force UFO form continued
Page 4

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, and they saw the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.5 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
Street City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted] AGE: 17 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 37 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram or sketch, but does not appear to contain any photographs. The sketch shows an object in the sky and instructions for the viewer to imagine what they would see at different observation points.

Text found in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you see at the point it shows. (skyline) when you first see it. Please show how far you think the object will go through your field of view. (how many degrees) If there are any other you feel would like to make, please do so.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made and show any changes in direction or speed.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a sketch of how they were arranged, and give an estimate of their size.

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it shows an Official U.S. Air Force UFO form with blank sections to be filled out.

OCR text output:
Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
May 4, 19__
month / year
32. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 39 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, with a large blank space in the center and some text at the top indicating "Air Force UFO form continued".

Air Force UFO form continued
Page 7                          Page 8

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a "MEMO ROUTING SLIP" containing text.

OCR output:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO USAF (SAPOTCC) JO RUPPERT

REMARKS
Ref the attached letter from Kurt Deemer. Please inform me what we do not investigate sightings outside the continental limits of the United States. Furthermore, as this law date it would be imprudent to undertake any investigation or 9 Sep 66.

FROM PGD (CSPT/UFO) 8 NOV 67

- page 41 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program to investigate UFO reports.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This message requests information regarding unidentified aerial phenomena that you may have observed. The information that you provide will be used only for further analysis, and will not be associated with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you provide the following details:

1. When did you see the object?
   9th Sept. 1966

2. Time of day: about 8:00
   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
   (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Kitchener Ont./Canada
   (Nearest Town or City and State or Country)

5. How long was the object in sight?
   a. Certain
   b. Nearly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess: 00:00 Hours 00 Minutes 00 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
   Exact

5.2 Was the object in sight continuously?
   Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. Clear
   b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

The form then provides instructions for submitting the details.

- page 42 -

Based on the image provided, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows a page from what seems to be a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice questions related to the observation of an unidentified object.

Transcribing the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Haze
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compared brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Other _____

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Suddenly appear and disappear in parts?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 43 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with questions about the observer's experience with a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It seemed to be hazy - a haziness or halo on the edgeturn disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle one) YES   No   Don't Know    
If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) YES   No   Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _____
b. Color Dark color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/3 of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It seemed to be hazy - a haziness or halo on the edgeturn disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one) YES   No   Don't Know    
If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) YES   No   Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _____
b. Color Dark color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/3 of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a record of UFO sightings investigated by the United States Air Force.

NATURE OF OBSERVATIONS:
None

DATE AND TIME OF SIGHTING:
a. Date (year-month-day) - 1966-9-2
b. Time of sighting (2400 h) - 16 Sep 66
c. Light conditions, night, day, dawn or twisk - Night
d. Location of observer(s) - At home in west Los Angeles

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
a. Photograph (details of location) - None - did not make a sketch
b. Size of object or dimension - None
c. Type, count, length, and color of beam - None
d. Brand & type of film - None
e. Shutter speed used - None
f. Lens opening used ("f" stop) - None
g. Filters used - None
h. Was "zooming" used - None
i. Direction camera was pointing with respect to the North and its angle with horizon - None

j. Would you be willing to let the AF have the pictures and/or negatives? - vs. will let AF have copy of sketch

RADAR CONTROLLERS' INVESTIGATION:
a. Controllers names and grade - None
b. Determining of this report - None

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
    (Circle One) Yes No
    IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 150-200 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
    (Circle One) Yes No
    IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 15,000'

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    (Circle One)
    a. Indoors
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. At sea
    f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In the open country?
    d. In an open field?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North
        b. Northeast
        c. East
        d. Southeast
        e. South
        f. Southwest
        g. West
        h. Northwest
    24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
    24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Telescope Yes
    b. Sun glasses Yes No
    c. Binoculars Yes No
    d. Sighting scope Yes No
    e. Windshield Yes No
    f. Theodolite Yes No

26. In order that I can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. The object was in the shape of an oval but appeared to move faster than the usual aircraft. It did not leave any trail other than the normal brief trail that most aircraft leave.

- page 46 -

The image contains a sketch/diagram, but no photograph. The text describes the instructions for the sketch, which asks the viewer to imagine the object's movement and direction.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the course that shows how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same course line to show where you saw it next. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 47 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
TLEO - 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
31.A If you answered YES, who were the other persons and their addresses:
Kitchener

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME
Last Name First Name Middle Name
Kitchener
ADDRESS Street City State Zip 
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 15 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
The local paper
Dec. 1966
Year

- page 48 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with some text and a blank space where additional information or images would typically be included.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  9th Nov. 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 49 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing handwritten text.

FTO
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton,Ohio 45433
U.S.A.
ETR

- page 50 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

MAY 15 1957

Dear [redacted],

Thank you for reporting your recent completed UFO form for September 15, 1956 observation of an alleged unidentified flying object (UFO).

A study of the submitted information did not reveal a positive identification. The only explanation I can offer is that it was a distant high-altitude object, which is, of course, being only a possibility. USAF official policy is that unidentified aerial objects may be distant high-altitude objects, which, because of uncertain atmospheric conditions, appear at unusual size or as an unusual shape. Since aircraft records are normally destroyed after 30 days, it is impossible to check the records for any aircraft that may have been in the vicinity of your sighting.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force. Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Cairo, Ohio 43220

COORDINATED BY: [redacted]

- page 51 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed letter that appears to be a response to a report of an unidentified flying object sighting.

Proposed reply to letter from
Dear
Reference your recent completed UFO Form 16u describing your observation of an alleged unidentified flying object.
A study of the submitted information did not reveal a positive identification. The only explanation that I can offer is that an aircraft was observed; this, of course, being only a possibility.
There is a high speed, low level aircraft training route slightly west of Cairo, Ohio. Aircraft operating on this route fly toward the southwest. Since aircraft records are normally destroyed after 30 days, it would be impossible to check the records at this time for any aircraft activity on the days of your sighting. It is extremely important for one to report his observation as soon as possible so that a meaningful investigation can be made.
Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
[Signature]
D. Saufley 3 May 67

- page 52 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO TDET/UFO 1 February 1967
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 10 SEP 66

TO: Mr. ******
Cairo, Ohio 45380

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have reviewed is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report, possibly related to a UFO sighting.

Dear sir:

Sights of an object and below are among the details on the latest sighting to be reported here. You might thank a what was most likely a UFO flying against a rain shower which passed nearby. This may be a flight of another craft of earthly make that is the work of our scientists.

The object was sighted going east to west at an estimated 15 to 20 thousand feet and moving at an estimated speed of 400 to 500 mph. Its shape was elliptical and it was bright white in color. It seemed to be around 35 to 40 feet in diameter. Its duration was approximately 5 to 7 seconds.

We sighted an object going east to west at a considerable altitude. As we were standing looking northeast, the object suddenly appeared and shot across the sky at a tremendous rate of speed, making no sound. It seemed to be glowing a bright white color as it crossed the sky. The duration of the sighting was only 5 to 7 seconds. I hope this information is of some value.

Gerald 1964

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

The text in the document reads:

"These came quickly, a swift movement
quite and it was like a white object
about three times the size of an automobile.
The speed was terrific, about 3000 miles
per hour approximately, height was 500 to
1500 feet, it flew just below the hill.
When it came towards me I had a feeling 
of great magnitude time seemed to stand still, 
changing color.
I do might have seen something
out certainly, mysterious to me. I'm going
to let you decide. I would be very grateful
for a reply and if it any way I can
be of service please let me know.
I do have research and a friend mine
having some data with astronomy and
echo with meters. Thank you for
taking time out to read this.
Your friend"

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO REPORTS
1.  IDENTIFICATION OF OBSERVER(S):
a. Name: xxxxxxxxxx  Phone: xxx-xxx-xxxx
b. Address: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx, Area: 1/3 Occupation:engineer, Degree: Air force 
d. For Military Only: Grade: Civilian Duty: 
2.  DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
a. Shape: Crescent Shape - concave side facing east
b. Size: 1 degrees included angle
c. Color: White/yellow
d. Number: 1 single formation, 3' more than one
e. Peculiar features or details: Glow - internal
f. Trail or exhaust and size: none
g. Sound: none
h. Other pertinent or unusual features: 
3.  DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What called your attention to the object? Just happened to look.
b. Elevation a heading when first seen: Very high - heading south by southwest
c. Elevation a heading upon disappearance: Very high - heading south by southwest
d. Manner of disappearance: Fading in a straight line
e. How did they disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, east) Rapidly - faded
f. How long were they visible? 3 to 5 seconds

- page 56 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form used by the U.S. Air Force for collecting information about unidentified aerial phenomena or UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please 17-12 concerning any questions that you may have will be answered in connection with any research, studies, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
15 September 1966 
2. Time of day: 
8:40 P.M.
3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Cairo, City or Town       Allen County,  Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Time: Duration)
15 Minutes 
a. Certain 
b. Not very sure
c. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
by a watch in the house
5.2 Was object in sight continuous?
Yes   No 
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day: 
b. Night: 
c.  Day, but not dark
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, which was the name of the U.S. Air Force's program to investigate unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

The text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Some clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Blurred

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 It compare in brightness to some common objects:
It was about the size of a half-dollar thumb-tack the full moon

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Other (like a sparkler, a ball of string, etc.)

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
Yes No Don't know
c. Break up or explode? 
Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke?
Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? 
Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?
Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? 
Yes No Don't know

- page 58 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a form with questions about a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One) a. At home b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Telephoto lens Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other ________________

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the appearance of the object or objects which you saw, giving the same appearance as the object would give to the observer when placed up in the sky.

Text Transcription:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. Other _____________  

23. Were you (Circle One) a. At home b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Telephoto lens Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other ________________

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the appearance of the object or objects which you saw, giving the same appearance as the object would give to the observer when placed up in the sky.

- page 59 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with various questions and prompts for the observer to fill out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what 
it moved behind:  It cirea, ple. br him a cl, <--. 2

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?  
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what 
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  7-oi e as a l c.w., mootg,.d, sound. 
b. Color Ssi lbf cr bricrht, white, etc. 

18. We wish to have the angular size, held a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment, tell what was the results? The angulator size of the object is about_____ the length of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving.

Sphere - white 

- page 60 -

The image contains a form with various questions and a compass-like diagram, but does not contain any photographic image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object last appeared. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 61 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, which is a form for collecting information about UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
    31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
    31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    NAME: [REDACTED]
    ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
    TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
    AGE: 17
    SEX: MALE
    Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day: [REDACTED]
    Month: [REDACTED]
    Year: [REDACTED]

- page 62 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a sketch or drawing of a shape described as "shape described". Based on the contents of the image, I will now proceed to transcribe all the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    ___ 3____    Day    ___9____    Month    ___66____ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The shape was seen pretty close for a long time. It reflected light from the surrounding hills and the fields, but it was sort of translucent, so it seemed to glow from within. It seemed to hover, waiting. After a while, I guessed it began to "move off", gently and silently. I got a good look at it, and it seemed to be shaped like a rather elongated teardrop, pointed at one end. It must have been a pretty good size. The whole thing made me feel rather uneasy at the time, and I haven't mentioned it until now.

P. S. It moved slowly and seemed to be a real active thing, maneuvering in a directed, controlled movement. It seemed to react to the changes in the surrounding weather and atmosphere. It didn't seem to be connected to anything in the normal way, and if it had landed, I don't think I would have wanted to get too close.

- page 63 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report from "Operation Blue Book" regarding a UFO sighting that occurred on September 12, 1966.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Operation Blue Book
Dear Sir,

On the evening of 12th September 1966 I was passing over Barstow Airport as usual when a bright light appeared to the West. Upon closer examination it was apparent that there was an object a considerable distance away but I approached the ground to see what it was all about up close. It was a undescribable object unlike any aircraft I have ever seen. It was round and silvery in color and appeared to be stationary. After keeping it in view for some time, as long as the largest star, it suddenly accelerated and disappeared. I was made so bright it tended to destroy night vision. The object did not show any signals or markings. The night was clear and the moon full. It was reported to W.B.2 in Boston, Mass, who I have talked to on previous occasions. This is only incident I am telling about could have reported.
Yours truly,

- page 64 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a handwritten letter or document. I will now transcribe the text contained in the document:

Been in the same worry. 
Again / may not be able to define this 
rightly. but J can tell you for sure
this is not a hoax or fake picture
I am confident on your
get a report from any one who
of a star which was there
that visited uith 3 this letter because
about the more I do not to write.
Mr. Russell Mass

- page 65 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:
SAF-OTCC/casel/bev/79CT9/27 oct66

OCT 27 1966

Dear Mrs. 
Please excuse the delay in replying to your letter regarding your photographs of unidentified flying objects. This reply comes to your letter.

The Air Force would be interested in analyzing your photographs. However, we will need the original negatives and pertinent data. Information concerning the incident and copies of the report will be needed.

It is requested that the attached PTD Form 164 be completed as fully as possible and returned with the negatives. 

Your interest in Air Force matters is appreciated.

Sincerely,

GEORGE E. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment:
PTD FORM 164

Mrs. 
Stamford, Connecticut 06903

- page 66 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with text describing various details about a UFO observation incident.

READER OF OBSERVATIONS:
a. Statement as to optical aids used: None

PLACE AND TIME OF SIGHTING: 
a. Full date-time group of sighting: 0819Z 5 16 SEP 66
b. Light conditions: Bright, Day, Down of Soon	
c. Location of observer(s): Denney, California 

DETAILS OF SIGHTING:
a. Weather conditions: Clear
b. Photographic (still or motion picture): None, did not make
c. Type & make of camera/equipment used: 
d. Films, types of filters used:
e. Shutter speed used:
f. Lens opening used ("f" stop):
g. Filters used:
h. Was original or solid ground used:
i. Was "tracking" used:
j. Direction camera was pointing with relation to true north and its angle with 
respect to the ground:
k. Would you be willing to furnish the AF the prints and/or negatives?
YES - can have pictures

FINAL CONTROLLING INFORMATION:
a. Controller's name and grade:
b. Disposition of this report: 

The text appears to be a questionnaire or form used to document details of a UFO sighting incident.

- page 67 -

There does not appear to be any photograph included in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter on what appears to be official stationery.

Gentlemen:

While taking some pictures from the surfacing of the ocean (and showing certain birds and into a stream of birds I saw) some pictures I trust mine could do from them. I have seen a few pictures that took quite a lot of times and took these of theirs an all after seeing another. (I do not believe they are flying around -- but Varian, of Brown Univ. took film)

Now, however, I would beg leave you examine those migratory committee find those into such actions and which to be cared to forward them on it and notice to be interested in seeing them. 

If anyone should to send them additional copy this letter -- or it's trancharencies. Ihope you for any information you can give me.

Yours Truly,
[Redacted]

- page 68 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document contains a letter, but no photograph. As an OCR system, I will output the full text of the letter:

SAPOI GC/Mrs Cassaei/jaa/79079/28 Feb 67

MAR 1 1967

Dear Mrs

Reference your letter of September 10, 1966 in which you stated that your photographic transparencies taken from the surface of the ocean.

A photographic analysis of your color transparencies revealed that the images contained indefinite objects, presumably reflections with an undetermined number of secondary refractions or reflections. Based on the information contained in the optical system.

This indicates that the horizon shapes are not photographs of actual distant visual shapes but the indefinite images of a camera imaging its own lens diaphragm.

I have enclosed your negatives and four enlargements. We wish to thank you for enabling the review of the photographs.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF 
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments:
1. Negatives
2. Four 8x10 black & white

- page 69 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

OCR Text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? (Please describe the object, its size, shape, color, number, location, date and time of observation.)

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)      Yes     No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME _____ Last Name ___ First Name ___ Middle Name ___
ADDRESS _________ Street _________ Stanford ______ Conn. _____ U.S.A. ____ City _______ State
TELEPHONE NUMBER __________ AGE 51 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. I have some interest in photography, so particularly underwriter the unusual effects that can be achieved by a camera (i.e. double exposure). 

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
AUG. 9 1966 Day Month Year
Reported to the Air Force, later referred to by Lt. Col. George T. Freeman Jr.

- page 70 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Proposed reply to letter from Mrs. ______, 10 September 1966

Dear Mrs. ______,

Reference your letter of 10 September 1966 in which you stated that you had photographs taken from the surface of the ocean into a sunset.

A photographic analysis of your color transparencies revealed the following: The photography provided indicates central refraction with an undetermined number of secondary refractions or reflections of the iris diaphragm in and on the optical system. The circles within the imagery shapes are defraction patterns.

This is a perfect textbook example of a camera imaging its own lens diaphragm.

We wish to thank you for enabling the Air Force to review the photographs. Please enclose your negatives and four 8 x 10 black & white enlargements.

G.F.

R.J.

- page 71 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, listing various UFO sightings that occurred between September 16-30, 1966. The report provides details about the location, observer, and evaluation for each sighting.

16 - 30 SEPTEMBER 1966 SIGHTINGS
DATE  LOCATION         OBSERVER                EVALUATION
16    Duluth International Airport     Military   Insufficient Data
16    Greene County, Arkansas         Multiple   Possible Balloon
16    Salt Lake City, Utah            Multiple   Insufficient Data
17    Piqua, Ohio                      Military   Possible Balloon
18    Near Rome, New York, New York  Multiple   Possible Balloon
19    Baysville, Louisiana            Multiple   Insufficient Data (JAN)
20    Deland, Florida                 Multiple   Insufficient Data (JAH)
22-24  Spring Valley, Ohio             Astro (MOON) Insufficient Data
23    Dayton, Ohio                    Civilian   Insufficient Data
24    San Angelo, Texas              Insufficient Data
25    Baton Rouge, Louisiana         Multiple (PHOTOS) Other (CAMERA/LENS UNIDENTIFIED)
26    Richmond, Virginia             Civilian   Possible Aircraft
26    Philadelphia, Pennsylvania     Multiple   Other (INSUFFICIENT DATA)
27   Troy, New York                  Multiple   Possible Aircraft
28    Zanesville, Ohio                Civilian   Insufficient Data
28    Wilmington, Ohio                Civilian   Possible Aircraft
29    Dallas, Texas                   Military   Insufficient Data
30    Ensley AFS, Louisiana           Multiple   Insufficient Data
30    Niagara Falls, New York         Military   Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE  LOCATION         SOURCE           EVALUATION
16    Bloomfield, Indiana  Returned case  

- page 72 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text transcribed from the image:

IDENTIFICATION OF OBSERVER(S):
a. Name: Anonymous (Reported by Radio Station KLAC News)
b. Address: 
c. Phone: 
d. For Military Only: Grade Occupation Organ.

2. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
a. Shape: Rounded, like a new moon
b. Size: Looked 3 times as big as a new moon
c. Color: Orange/Yellow glow
d. Number: 3 - Appeared to be in a formation, if more than one
e. Distinguishable features or details:

f. Tail or exhaust and size: Silver
g. Sound: No
h. Other pertinent or unusual features:

3. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. Wat called your attention to the object? 
b. Elevation & bearing when first seen: Very low - North to South
c. Elevation & bearing upon disappearance: Very low - North to South
d. Maneuvers, if any: None
e. How did they disappear? (Instantaneous to the north, etc.) Suddenly
f. How long were they visible? A short time - just a few seconds

- page 73 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of UFO reports and investigations conducted by the United States Air Force.

SUMMARY OF OBSERVATION:
a. Observed as to physical side, appearance was...
b. Date & Time of Sighting:
c. Location of Observer(s):
d. Weather Conditions:
e. Photographic or other pictures:
f. Type & color of object(s):
g. Course taken by object(s), any maneuvers: 
h. How object(s) disappeared
i. Witness qualified:
j. Investigation & action taken with respect to this ground:
k. Reason, if any, to calibrate to be that all have been giving publicity:

DONT COMPLETER'S IDENTIFICATION:
a. Contradictory after no grade
b. Disposition of SMR report

- page 74 -

