There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a structured form with various fields filled out to record details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 14 July 66 15/01302
2. LOCATION: St Clair, Pennsylvania 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Four
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: SSE
8. PHOTOS: NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO

The report indicates that the observer noted four star-like lights which at first resembled the lights of an aircraft, but then the lights blinked and one object appeared from the west and two outer sightings disappeared, while the western one which also was traveling south turned east and began to blink.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object(s) you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you complete this personal information to the best of your ability.

1. When did you see the object?  06 - 07 - 66
Month  Day  Year

2. Time of day:  2:15      Hours  Minutes  (Circle One):  A.M. or P.M. 

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):  a. Eastern     b. Daylight Saving Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
724 W. 25th St., Erie, Penn.  City or Town  Erie  State or County:  Pennsylvania

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Seconds 
5.1 How was time in sight determined?  Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: Clear  b. NIGHT: Bright  

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object? (Circle One):
a. In front of you  b. To back of you c. To your right

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Partly obscured
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
Compared to an aircraft light, but only briefly visible

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Shoot off at high speed? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know 
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

This document does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, with a series of questions and handwritten responses.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Piece eyed - No - Seem to disapoopear quickly -

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.) Yes - mooved behind a cloud

16. Did the object make a sound? If so, what kind of sound? (Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what the sound was like. No sound

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Shape Irregular shape b. Color white c. Brightness Bright

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Match head covered about 1 inch of object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow boldly indicating the direction the object was moving. [Handwritten sketch shows an irregularly shaped object moving downwards, with details of its appearance noted.]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a page from an old UFO report document. 

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One): Yes
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Approximately 10,000 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One): Yes
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Several hundred yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building

23. Were you (Circle One): b. In the residential section of a city?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North
24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow your time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses: Yes
b. Sun glasses: Yes
c. Windshield: Yes
d. Window glass: Yes

26. In simple terms, can you describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw? The object looked like a typical "flying saucer" - a bright, round, metallic object that appeared to be hovering, moving very rapidly and silently in the sky.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing instructions and diagrams related to the reporting of UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
I saw an object some time before the date mentioned in the report, but I can't recall the exact date or location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes (Circle One)

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes

32.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Herman Hill
St Clair, Pa 15950

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] St Clair, Pa 15950
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 50
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have a keen interest in UFOs and have been studying them for many years. I have had several other sightings in the past, but this is the most recent and vivid one. I was able to observe the object for a fairly long period of time and make detailed notes about its appearance and behavior.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
I reported the sighting to the local authorities shortly after it occurred, around 9:00 pm on 7/8/1966. I also submitted this report to Project Blue Book.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on a questionnaire document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9-7-66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
Waterfalls of bright light appeared at first. This light gathered in a ball of bright white light that appeared to be hovering. The light would pulsate and send out rays of light and then draw them back in. This happened for about 5 or 10 minutes. The light then seemed to become smaller and more condensed and then it appeared to go up and away. There was no noise associated with the object. It was seen from a distance of about 1/2 mile and seemed to be 2,000 to 3,000 feet in the air. There were no clouds in the sky and the sky was very clear. This object did not seem to be an aircraft. It did not have any lights or markings of any kind. It just appeared to be a ball of light. This occurred on a farm in the country approximately 6 miles north of Hickory, Pennsylvania. The time was approximately 8:15 p.m. The weather was cool and clear.

- page 8 -

