The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that includes a form with various fields filled out, such as the date, location, source, length of observation, and brief summary and analysis.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 January 64/ 2330Z
2. LOCATION: Utica, New York
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBERS OF OBJECTS: One
5. CONCLUSIONS: INSUFFICIENT DATA - There is no evidence that the observations made were separate stars/planets, meteors, and aircraft sightings. However, because of the conflicting data, the nature of the data the observers made remains unclear.
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Varied
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
8. COURSE: Varied
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: N. V.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text and a redaction.

a child had a good time it seems very obule
scovery from a normal angle kind of the same tim.
A large and whole block the people ware the
occasion and inmuth reatly operators to
if you could give us a hypoth exploration
to the what this sight was.

Sincerely,

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports. The document is a letter dated February 16, 1966, from Project Blue Book Chief Joseph Quintanilla, Jr. to a witness from Utica, New York. The letter states that the Air Force has no reports from the state of New York on the night of January 8th, and that the witness should submit any evidence or information they have about the observed object for analysis.

Text from the document:

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
16 February 1966

[Redacted], New York
Utica, New York

Dear [Redacted]:

We have no reports from the state of New York on the night of 8 January. However, if you were a witness to the object indicated in your letter, we would appreciate it if you would complete the attached FTD 2836-1 form and return it to this office for analysis.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? JANUARY 11, 1966
2. Time of day: 5:30 MINUTES Hour MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEAR MY HOME
Nearest Postal Address CITY or TOWN UTICA State or County NEW YORK
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 to 3 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was the object first determined? VISUAL
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright b. NIGHT: Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead
e. To your left f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page, only a form with questions and answer choices.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Crescent, c. Full, d. No moonlight - pitch dark, e. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One):
a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes, No, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know
d. Give off beams or rays? Yes, No, Don't know 
e. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a historical UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object did not disappear while I was watching it.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? YES, it moved behind trees, rock.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? NO, Don't know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - One whistle high pitched bip bip bip b. Color - WHITE, yellow glow to center, blueish glow around outside
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 6 to 6 1/2 inches at arms length
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Placing an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The image contains a series of questions and multiple-choice answers related to details about a reported UFO sighting.

Here is the transcription of the text on the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No d. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No e. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No f. Window glass Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

The image contains a compass-like diagram and a space for drawing a sketch of the object's motion. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] UTICA New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE 27 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
SERVED IN HIGH IN THE ARMY DURING KOREA WAR. HAVE SEEN NUM UNUSUAL FLYING OBJECTS BEFORE WHILE IN THE ARMY.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

Day Month Year [Redacted]

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 January 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

At about 5:30 EST on the evening of January 5, 1966, an unusual aerial object was observed by my wife and myself at our home in Utica, New York. The object was first seen hovering motionless at a point approximately 40-45 degrees above the horizon in a northeasterly direction. It appeared to be brightly luminous, about the apparent size of a full Moon, and was exhibiting a pulsing or intermittent mode of illumination. After hovering motionless for several minutes, the object suddenly accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed and vanished from sight within a second or two. There was no trail or exhaust visible and the acceleration was far beyond the capability of any known aircraft. I would be glad to provide any additional information that may be desired regarding this incident.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report.

Dear Sirs,
On the night of January 6, 1966, I sighted an unusual object in the sky over Utica, N.Y. As I looked out the window shortly after midnight, I caught sight of this object as it passed silently and swiftly across the eastern horizon.
It appeared to be of unusual shape and size, and I thought at first that it might be a falling star or some form of comet, but the fact that it moved in a regular, horizontal path and displayed no luminosity or trail caused me to doubt this conclusion.
It traveled across my field of vision at an extremely high speed, much faster than any aircraft I have ever seen. I had only a brief moment to observe it before it disappeared from view.
If the object sighted was indeed a "flying saucer" I must say that it displayed far more speed and maneuverability than any craft I have ever heard described. At my request, I am having this sighting reported through official channels. 
Yours very truly,
John W. Smith, Lt. Col., USAF (Ret.)
7-9-66

- page 11 -

