The image appears to contain a document page from Project 10073 Record, which appears to be a Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph present in this image, only text and a form structure.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 July 66 4/09/52
2. LOCATION: Dixon, Illinois
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 18 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: SSW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient data for evaluation

The brief summary and analysis indicates that observers reported an object that was extremely bright, red, and changed direction and a zig-zag motion. The object was seen as a light source, and the front section looked like a truncated cone which was on fire.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

APPENDIX B

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be connected with any statements you make. However, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3 Day  July 1966 Year

2. Time of day: 10:45 (Circle One): A.M. or  P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Dixon, Illinois

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Directly overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and options for the observer to select their responses.

As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Think or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: ABOUT AS BRIGHT AS A MATCH HOLD 16 FEET DISTANCE

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined 
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an object that appears to be a UFO or aerial phenomenon. The sketch shows a bright red glow and a white hemisphere-shaped object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Went over houses and trees.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes. (IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:) Don't know.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes. (IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:) Don't know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound None whatsoever, b. Color Brilliant red, Hemisphere shaped, bright white.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 5 of object
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Transcription:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Went over houses and trees.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes. (IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:) Don't know.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes. (IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:) Don't know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound None whatsoever, b. Color Brilliant red, Hemisphere shaped, bright white.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 5 of object
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Fairly Slow

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)    a. Inside a building    b. In a car    c. Outdoors (type)    d. In an airplane    e. At sea    f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)    a. In the business section of a city?    b. In the residential section of a city?    c. In open countryside?    d. Near an airport/field?    e. Flying over a city?    f. Flying over open country?    g. Other

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)    a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___miles per _____. 

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?    a. Eyeglasses Yes    b. Sun glasses Yes    c. Camera Yes    d. Window glass Yes    e. Binoculars Yes    f. Telescope Yes    g. Other Yes

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A bright light inside a franca seated like a sail, somewhat fire.

- page 5 -

The image contains a photograph or diagram that appears to be an illustration from a UFO report document. The diagram includes a compass rose and instructions for sketching the path of an observed object. There is no photograph of a human face present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Then show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a dot "0" on the compass to show in which direction you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Just ONE. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. G- (36 yrs.)
Both live at Dixon, Illinois 61021

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] Dixon, Illinois 61021
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 17 SEX Male

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
15 Dec 1966
C.C. DRIVER
Michigan, Michigan 48640

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report, with text and a handwritten note.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK INFORMATION OFFICE
SAFSO1
Washington D.C. 20330

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 December 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting.

IF YOU WANT TO MAKE SURE I'M NOT MAKING THIS UP I WILL GLADLY SUBMIT TO A LIE DETECTOR TEST.

Dixon, Illinois 61021

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a blank page, as there is no visible photograph or text within the document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I can confirm that there is no text to output from this page.

- page 9 -

