The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a project that investigated UFO sightings. The text on the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15-16 February 66
2. LOCATION: Greenville, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary, up
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Astro (MOON)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Sighted in the west at approximately 35 deg above horizon. Object was cigar shaped and not very bright. It is believed the object was the moon as it appeared to be stationary and did not disappear. Observer, who was located in her house, said as the object was departing, it appeared to climb higher in the sky. She also stated that when the object was directly overhead, it would appear to dim to the point where it could no longer be visible.

FTO FORM FTD FPA 0-329 (TDS) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image shared does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

Text from the document:

"It would be wonderful to see a long silver bar, couldn't this have been an experiment and was carefully examined and measured all in the way it was photographed by means of someone's camera, as this looked very strange. 
I was so much disappointed that I could not get a better look or watch it closely as it was gone by the time I got outside. There was so much distraction that I have told your friends my story and many thanks for it finding out. Henderson your so much for reading why it is."

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a mailing envelope from Greenville, Ohio dated March 9, 1966.

OCR Output:
Greenville, Ohio 
3-9-66
Unright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton 
Ohio.
Ew(caro)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Chief, Project Blue Book, which is responding to the reader's unidentified observation report from February 1955. The letter thanks the reader for reporting the observation and states that the information provided in the earlier letter has been filed, but no further action is required.

Text from the document:

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Reference your unidentified observation in February 1955. The information contained in your letter of 23 March 1956 is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete AF Form 112 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

J. L. QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 4 -

This document does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a questionnaire or form used by the U.S. Air Force to gather information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make, and no personal information will be revealed without your permission, but if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 1-20-67
2. Time of day: 7:45 (Circle One): (A.M. or P.M.)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? (Address deleted)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? (YES or NO) NO
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Dull c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To your left d. Behind you e. Overhead

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or survey form related to a Project Blue Book UFO report.

1966-02-8723220-Greenville-Ohio.pdf6.txt

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Hover?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, likely from February 8, 1966, regarding an incident in Greenville, Ohio.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The response indicates that the object did not disappear while the witness was watching it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? The response indicates that the object moved behind something, but the witness is unsure what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? The response indicates that the object did move in front of something, but the witness is unsure what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - b. Color - The responses indicate that the object made no sound and appeared as a light color.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered? The response provides details about the size and appearance of the object based on an experiment with a match stick.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving. The witness has provided a hand-drawn sketch with some annotations describing the object's shape and movement.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting. The document contains a questionnaire with various questions related to the UFO sighting, such as the speed, distance, and location of the object as well as the observer's actions and observations.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES (NO)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES (NO)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _____ Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or drawing. The sketch appears to be a diagram showing the horizon and the path of an object or objects, along with a compass rose.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No details given

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
No details given

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted
ADDRESS: Redacted
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted
AGE: 62 SEX: Redacted
No additional information provided

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
February 15, 1966  - To Air Force at Dayton, Ohio

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or questionnaire related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text output from the OCR (optical character recognition) of this document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 March 1964
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

March 23, 1966

Dear Sir:
This is a report on my sighting of a UFO over this locality. Evening in question came about 10:30 p.m. I was returning home, just a routine trip. As I neared the edge of town, I noticed out of the corner of my eye a very bright light, red in color, and it seemed to be hovering just above the horizon, slightly to the east. It was a beautiful sight, very colorful and brilliant. I stopped the car and observed it for a moment. The light seemed to move very slowly up and down in vertical motion, perhaps 20 to 30 feet or so. I watched it for around 3 minutes, then it started to go down very slowly. Just before it went out of sight, it seemed to sway a bit from side to side. This happened at about 10:00 o'clock, here - I report this time, as I looked at my watch. I live in the vicinity of the Beach to the Battle Ground and am used to seeing the planes overhead from 7:30 to 10:00 o'clock, but this was certainly not a plane. The object was hovering from 10:00 to 10:03 o'clock. I have never seen anything like it before in my life.
I hope this report is of some value to you in your study of these sightings. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to write.

Sincerely yours,

- page 12 -

