The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically Project 10073 Record, regarding an incident that occurred in Louisville, Kentucky.

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
10-22 AUG - 66

2. LOCATION
Louisville, Kentucky

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Several

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Several Hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual  

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (S/P) U-47 Catches 3'?4

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers have noted various objects in the skies of Louisville, Kentucky on several occasions. These objects have appeared to be stars or planets at first glance, but were observed to be moving slowly, but not as fast as stars or planets. Some objects appeared to change directions and move up and down. They were observed through telescopes. Red, green, and white flashing lights were observed.

Due to the various descriptions and the time of observation, it is possible that the witnesses have observed natural occurrences such as satellites, planets, or other astronomical phenomena.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The page contains a series of questions and answer options related to the observation of an unidentified object or phenomenon.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
12. The edges of the object were:
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)

The text on the page suggests this is part of a standardized form or questionnaire used to gather information about UFO sightings.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document that appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire about an unidentified object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the object you saw, in order that we may be able to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details. 

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Nearest Postal Address] City or Town, State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY Bright Clear Hazy b. NIGHT Clear Hazy Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. Behind you d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound /
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various multiple choice and short answer questions related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In your home
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Where you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open country side?
d. In an urban area?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses 
c. Windshield
d. Window
e. Telescope
f. Binoculars
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph visible in this particular page. 

The text present in the image is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  
YES  NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  
YES  NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 37
SEX: [redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
BATTERY RECHARGER

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: 1-10  Month: 8  Year: 1966

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a page from a Project Blue Book document. It does not contain any photographs, but rather contains a diagram and instructions for the observer to draw sketches based on the information provided.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (beyond the horizon). Place a "B" on the same curved line to show the angle (in degrees) when you first saw it. Place on "C" on the same curved line to show the angle (in degrees) when you last saw the object. Place an "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

9O* 
60*
45* 
30* 
15*
0*

N
W E
S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 4
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

7 Sept. 66

Below is a list of the visible stars that could have been responsible for the report at OIGO CST

Capella        50 Az    17 El    Yellow
Aldebaran      15 Az    20 El    Reddish 
Altair         250 Az   33 El    Blue-Whitish
Vega           253 Az   35 El    White

These stars should have been visible for the observation of the witnesses. The duration of the steady view and the descriptions of the objects are consistent with that of an astronomical sighting.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

PTD (TDETT) RA
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio 45433
30 August 1966

Louisville 17, Kentucky 40217

Dear [redacted],

Reference your unidentified observation of 28 August 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for a thorough evaluation. Please complete the attached
Form 1012 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

[signature]
VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

FTD (PETE) AL
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
30 AUGUST 1966

Louisville, Ky. 40218
Dear
Reference your unidentified observation of 28 August 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached DVD
form and return to the Air Force.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

The image contains a form titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" which appears to be a questionnaire used for gathering information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings as part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

The text on the form is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified flying object that you have observed. The information given will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving, b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess 
5.1 How was object sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes or No
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. Clear, b. Bright, c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. To your left, c. To your right, d. Behind you, e. Don't remember

FTD OCT 65 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and options for the observer to select regarding their UFO sighting.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None  
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moonlight
b. Bright moonlight
c. Dull moonlight
d. Don't remember - pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds  

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid  
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [handwritten note]

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Well-defined, sharp
c. Flickered or fluttered
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? [Yes/No/Don't know]
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? [Yes/No/Don't know]
c. Break up into parts or explode? [Yes/No/Don't know]
d. Give off smoke? [Yes/No/Don't know]
e. Change shape? [Yes/No/Don't know]
f. Flash or flicker? [Yes/No/Don't know]
g. Disappear and reappear? [Yes/No/Don't know]

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book report. The image consists of a filled-out questionnaire or report form regarding a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES (NO)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES (NO)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ..........

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In airplanes (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airport(s)?
e. Flying in an aircraft?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Threadline Yes No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The witness describes the object in their own words, stating that it appeared similar to "what a solid metallic cylinder with a rounded top would appear to be very high in the sky traveling at a high rate of speed considerably faster than any known aircraft."

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a handwritten form with numbered questions. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

Extracting the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It disappeared behind some trees and I lost sight of it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No)  Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): (No)  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what
the object did in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -
b. Color Dark grayish white, looking slightly metallic
c. Size -

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or an arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had repeated this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Approx 4 or 5 degrees

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Handwritten sketch is provided)

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly part of Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions to be filled out by the witness.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Louisville, KY [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 29 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Police investigator & Army Captain

- page 15 -

The image contains no photograph, but rather hand-drawn diagrams and illustrations related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting report. The illustrations show the observed positions of the object over time and provide instructions for how to draw the motion of the object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the same curved line to show where the object was when you first saw it. Place a "Y" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   3 - 1 - 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

A vivid & clear object approx. 75' across which moved from S.E. to N.W. low on the horizon about 45' above the ground. It appeared to be metallic & in the form of a disc or ellipse with a slight dome on top. It was making no sound & moved at about 300 M.P.H.

23 + 48: After after 12:00 A.M. about 2:00 A.M. there were 2 objects
26 - 10:30 P.M.: They were 2 lights shining steady +- quite big. They moved erratically + fast. Some times they split up and then came together again.
27 - 12:30 A.M.: Saw 1 object moving across the sky at tremendous speed. It did not seem to be a star or planet.  
39 - Not a telescope + saw very distinct what appeared to be about 15-20 feet long. Craft approached, approx 1/2 mile away & apparently 15-20 feet long. Larger craft appeared to be a elliptical shape & much larger than the smaller craft approach + there were 2 more circling around the larger craft. Though shining very bright, seemed to reflect light in a dull reddish glow. They were moving at very high speeds around the larger craft & would stop moving suddenly & then speed off in another direction.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten page from an old document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

The first one was a case where a man and woman were seen flashing lights. They did not move on far as we can see. The car oscillated, would move a little passed, but those steps there. Some area of sky not moving caused, we had to keep shifting because telescope for them were worthless.

So what it may concern:
If at all possible it would appreciate someone informing me of any action that is taking concern. These sightings, or letting me know if there is an application for these things.

- page 18 -

