The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing text describing an observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 29 April 65 25/0945Z 
2. LOCATION: Chicago, Ill.
10. CONCLUSION: Satellite (Echo II) /?/
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noted a round very bright white object like a 100 watt bulb. The object traveled south and disappeared to the north. When noted object.
Poss. may be due to the pass of Chicago at the time of the sighting. At 0942 Echo II was passing over about 100 degrees low.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR text output:

PTD (DEW)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio 45433
2 MAY 1966

Mrs. S
Chicago, Illinois 60629

Dear Mrs. S:

Reference your recent unidentified observation of unspecified object, your report is not sufficient for evaluation. No further action is required.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
9959TH GROUP COMIoANDER GROUP FORMATION (RESERVE)
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60666

SUBJECT: U.F.O.

1. Description of the object:
a. Would you please describe object's shape - ROUND

2. Size as compared to a known object held in the hand at arm's length: 
a. (Such as a pea, dime, nickel, baseball, etc.) DISC 

3. Color - WHITE - VERY BRIGHT

4. Number - ONE

5. Duration, if more than one, N/A

6. Any discernible features or details NONE

7. Was the trail, trail of exhaust, including size or same duration to size of object: NONE

8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound. NONE

9. Other pertinent or unusual features NO

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

B. Description of course of object:
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object_MUST HAPPENED TO LOOK OUT WINDOW

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed:
20째 to 45째 angle - 270째 Azimuth

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance:
Angle seemed lower at about 22째 Azimuth

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: Straight Course

5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or instantaneously): Went behind a tree

6. How long was the object visible? (Be specific, 5 min, one hour): 15 minute

C. Manner of observation:
1. How was object sighted, ground-visual, air visual, ground electronic, air electronic, ground-visual, air visual, ground electronic, air electronic? (If electronic, specify type of radar) Ground-visual

2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, binoculars) None

3. Was this an airborne sighting? If so: N/A
A. Time/Date
B. Type a/c
C. Altitude
D. Heading
E. Speed
F. Home Station
G. Telephone No.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a document from the U.S. Air Force's investigation of UFO sightings.

D. Time of sighting: 2: 25 AM, April 25, 1966
Time zone: CST, daylight
Location of observer: Olive Branch, Illinois
E. Description of observation: At first seen through window then from porch - also witnessed by husband, age 52 and wife, age 50. Duration of sighting approximately 30 minutes.
F. Identifying information on observer: Lee, civilian name, 801 W. Stotts St., Woodstock, Illinois, 60098, telephone 815-338-7188
G. Weather and winds: Very clear, winds from Weather Bureau, NW 10 to 25 mph, ceiling clear.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output the text found in the document:

Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting? No

Did you take any photographs or observations of any evidence of physical evidence of materials? No

INITIALS CWS

COPY SENT: None.

CHRISTIAN E. SCHUELER, BRIGADIER GENERAL, USAF
AIRCRAFT DISPATCHER

By to:
Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Department of Astronomy
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a questionnaire filled out by someone reporting a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Your answers will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2. Time of day: 10:20 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): Central 

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Chicago Vicinity

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 7 Minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By precise watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky? DRY a. Hazy b. Bright c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): 2. In front of you

FTD OCT 67 164

- page 7 -

This page appears to be a part of a Project Blue Book report document. There is no photograph or image present on this particular page. 

The text on the page is as follows:

8. IF YOU saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Many
b. Few
c. Bright
d. Dim
e. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined 
c. Other _______________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form that the observer would have filled out to describe their UFO sighting.

The text on the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It travelled straight through with a smooth motion and then suddenly disappeared with no trail or smoke at all.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes *** Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes *** Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - All I heard was the object, I heard no sound.
b. Color - Silvery white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object could have been covered by the match head?
Match Head Cover (Blank)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically indicate trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of an object showing its movement heading west]

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a questionnaire and handwritten response.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. In an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Other __Patio light, only saw for a second or so and tried to get a better look._

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
I would say it looked similar to the reflected light on the plastic material in my vehicle. Plastic slightly more dense.

- page 10 -

The image contains a diagram showing a compass with angular measurements and instructions for a sketch. There is no photograph present in this image.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object. Show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES   NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES   NO

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 42
SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
4   April   1966

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on a form. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and extract all the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4 April 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

About 9:30 pm on the evening of 4 April 66 while returning from a visit to a neighbor and looking up towards the northwest sky I observed a very bright light that appeared to be moving slowly from west to east. The light seemed to be approximately 20-25 degrees above the horizon and was visible for approximately 2 minutes before it disappeared from view behind some trees. The light appeared to be elliptical in shape and seemed to change intensity at times during the viewing. I immediately recognized the object as being something other than a normal aircraft or star since its brightness, manner of movement, and changing intensity were unlike anything I had ever observed before. I immediately went to my porch to continue observing the object but it had gone behind the trees and I was unable to see it again. I put on my shoes and ran outside in an attempt to locate the object again but was unable to do so. I am quite familiar with the appearance of aircraft, stars, and other normal celestial objects, and I am certain that what I observed was something out of the ordinary - possibly a UFO. The entire incident, from the time I first observed the object until it disappeared behind the trees, lasted approximately 2 minutes. I live in a suburban area of Chicago, and there are no major airports in the immediate vicinity which might account for the type of object I observed. I felt no sense of fear or apprehension during the sighting, only a sense of curiosity and wonder at what I had witnessed. I have always been interested in the subject of UFOs, and am familiar with many of the reports and investigations concerning them, but this was the first time I had ever had a personal sighting of what I believe to be an unidentified flying object. I hope this additional information will be helpful in assessing my report. Please let me know if you require any further details.

- page 13 -

This page of the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten report or account of a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

We said jokingly, "It looks like a flying saucer." Almost instantly, an ovate, glowing object appeared in the sky to the west, moving rapidly across our field of vision. It was hovering and appeared to have a low altitude. It was oval in shape, about the size of a dime held at arm's length, and was glowing with a dull, orange-red color. As we watched, it flashed a bright white light and then it was gone. The incident happened so quickly that none of us had time to take a photograph, though we were all watching intently and hoping for something just like this to happen.

This object was seen by four of us at the same time, under good visual conditions. The sky was clear and the moon was bright, though not full. The object was visible for only a few seconds, disappearing rapidly to the east. It gave no engine sound and did not leave any trail. The experience left all of us somewhat shaken and wondering just what we had seen. Other than the fact that it did not conform to our knowledge of any conventional aircraft, we have no explanation for it. If this were an isolated incident, we might pass it off, but it is one of several we have seen in this area over the past year or so.

The one thing I feel sure of is that we saw something very real and solid, and not just a fleeting illusion or reflection. While I have no proof, I am convinced that there is something to the UFO phenomenon, much as I would like to find a normal explanation for what we saw. There are too many sightings by reliable observers, including military and scientific personnel, to simply dismiss the whole business.

- page 14 -

