The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, specifically record number 10073.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 12 OCT. 66 13/0582
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: NW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (meteor)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer watched a bullet-shaped object that disappeared toward the north. The object had a yellowish inside area changing to a reddish hue on the edges. No exhaust or propulsion was observed. It looked like it might have been shot out of something. The observer made an estimate that it was the thing the observers think of a meteor. However, the short duration prevented the observer from providing a more complete description of the object.

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a photograph showing an unidentified flying object or UFO. The object in the image is blurry and indistinct, but seems to be a dark, elongated shape moving across the frame. There is no other visible content in the photograph.

TC62Z
ON ORDER 8-8-66

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a former U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

Mrs. Dixon Predicts
By Robert F. Manning
Mrs. Dixon who has been able to predict future events with startling accuracy, stated at a recent meeting of the Gaithersburg, Maryland, UFO Discussion Group that "the U.S. and Russia will have a space shot together within the next few years." She based her prediction on her contact with beings from another planet who have told her of their plans for the future betterment of the world. Mrs. Dixon feels that the time is rapidly approaching when the public will be told the truth about the existence of flying saucers and their occupants, and that this disclosure will be made by the U.S. Government.

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. The sketch depicts an object that resembles a flying saucer or UFO. The text above the image describes it as "about the scene" and mentions that it "is what a called a flying charn". The text also notes that this object "could descend and become a submarine".

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

This case about the scene of 7 Oct 1966
It is what a called a flying charn will
on Salisbury- (it could descend and become a submarine) This was
my idea. It was huge-

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image shows a newspaper article with the headline "Submarine Shaped UFO reported" and the text of the article.

Submarine Shaped UFO reported
By VIRGINIA BROAD DECK
An unidentified flying object, (UFO), recently photographed by Jeanne Dixon of Silver Spring, Md., was seen two years ago by a Silver Spring woman, 308 Franklin Place, said she had seen a "submarine-shaped" unidentified flying object on Sept. 26, 1964. It seemed to match the description of a flying object Jeanne Dixon said she had seen.
Mrs. Hanson's visionary UFO, mentioned in her book, "The Gift of Prophecy," was supposedly a missile carrier of Russian origin.
Believing there was a connection between the two objects, Mrs. Hanson wrote to Mrs. Dixon, but she said she had not yet received a reply.
Of her own UFO sighting, Mrs. Hanson commented, "I'll never forget it."
She said the object came out of the sky with a "swishing" sound, she said, and flew about 400 feet high at a distance of 300 feet from where I was standing." It was distinctly illuminated on the sides of the UFO, Mrs. Hanson said, and sparks were emitted from the tail with a sizzling sound. The object had no wings and no wheels, she said, and resembled the front of a submarine or a spark plug. "It actually shoot the earth when it passed over," she described.
In addition to the flying submarine, Mrs. Hanson said she had spotted two other UFOs. The first sighting, she remarked, occurred eight years ago when she and her husband saw a broad beam of light following a definite course in the sky.
Viewing the object from the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Light from the tail it illuminated the

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information form, which contains a questionnaire about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Weekend - Aug. 1966

2. Time of day: Hour 5:30 Minutes

(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near 500 Gist Avenue, Silver Spring, State or County MD.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Because I couldn't think of a bullet had gotten loose
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes - No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your back c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FORM FTD DOCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 6 -

There is a hand-drawn sketch in the image that appears to show an unidentified aerial object. The sketch depicts an elongated shape with some markings, likely meant to represent the object observed. There are no human faces or identities present in the image.

Now, I will perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

A saucer-shaped object; close north. 
(Circle One: Yes No) Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
(Circle One: Yes No) Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:
a. Sound: appeared to make no sound.
b. Color: appeared to be white in color.
3. Diameter: 25-30 feet; about 3 times length of graph stick.
4.Angle: object appeared high in sky, about 70 degrees off horizon. 
5.Time of sighting, how long observed: Approx 5 minutes.
6.Direction of movement: object seemed to move in straight line without any change in course and then disappeared from sight. 
7.Speed of movement: object appeared to move at a moderate, level speed.
8.Behavior: appeared to make no abrupt turns or any other unusual maneuvers. Just a straight-line flight.
9. Object disappeared: upon reaching a point in the sky that obscured it from sight, did not reappear.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a form with questions and answers related to an observed object in the night sky.

8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember  
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): c. Solid, d. As a light with metallic glare

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: It was yellowish and had a metallic look (could not read)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) - Various yes/no/don't know responses

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR text output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? "Not an milinute for hour" that's what I saw--It was practically standing still.
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 200 ft. high

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor?
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield    Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other _____

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

It was a sharp pointed object, seemed to be saucer shaped or a plate flying through the sky. It started in one place and then would hover and move sideways and up and down but no flashing lights or trail.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document containing a sketch and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion the object/objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The text from the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 Oct 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I had a hunch to look for something. That is why I went out to the back yard and looked up. Waited about ten minutes. I started to go in as I got a little chilly. But didn't. I looked up or rather, looked north, south, east and west, like a count. Each corner of the sky was lit, like a quarter moon each. The whole of the sky top-third keeping in the lighter spot. I didn't go out to look for any. But wonder if I did. Each sighting had been different. They may travel in the dark sometime and not be seen - they have lights or lighted - they are welcome to watch.

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions for the witness to fill out.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 
Nothing like this before

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted], Silver Spring, Maryland - 20901
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 50 SEX Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I did see the third report of unidentified flying object on 
the night of Sept. 24, 1964 - 10:55 pm. Actually there were 
two of them - the information was given to the drawing of Constellation, but the object appeared to be smaller in size and very bright.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? An Jones, Andrews - 13 Sept. 1966 But called SAFOI cc -

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or illustration depicting a UFO sighting. The sketch shows a bright object with no wings or wheels "swishing through the air" above a landscape with a house, fence, and other details. There is some text in the image, including "NO WINGS OR WHEELS" and "SIGHTED SEPT. 16 1964 10:55 P.M."

To produce the text output from the document:

SIGHTED SEPT. 16 1964 10:55 P.M.

- page 13 -

