The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 29 March 1966 22/0930z
2. LOCATION: LaCrosse, Wisconsin
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 Minutes, Plus
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: NIA
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: ASTRO (MOON)

The observer noted a stationary object in the northwest at about 0130. The object looked just like the moon only much larger. The observer stated she thought it was the moon, but it was in the northwest, which is not where the moon would be.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document or report.

La Crosse, Wis.
March 31, 1966

This is to advise that on the night of March 27, 1966, Between 9 and 9:30 on a northwest direction over the city.

'Features about 22' 23'* long

Motion like the moon -but more rapid than any man-made craft. It merely hung in the air and then seemed to drop slowly disappearing to us. I regret my neighbor heard it too it might be of some interest. I night too no it's more.

In Crosse, Wis.
31 March 1966

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or envelope addressed to the "Project Blue Book Information Office" in Washington, D.C.

Project Blue Book Information Office
A.F.C. 4901
Washington 25, D.C.
28730

- page 3 -

There is no visible photograph or image in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form, containing text fields for the witness to fill out their observations and details about the UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. This information that you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 9 March 1966
2. Time of day: 7:30 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Wisconsion
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 hour 5 minutes Seconds 
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of your c. To your right d. To your left

FTD FORM OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire with various questions about the observer's experience with a sighted object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes/No/Don't know) ...

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text output from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. In a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an air field?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other _________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A crescent moon - evly much larger.

- page 6 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

Transcribed text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No - remained steady

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound silent
b. Color yellow-white-bright

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
2 degrees match in tip was total size of object in field of view

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Sketch of a nearly circular shape, with an arrow indicating its direction of motion.

- page 7 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page includes instructions for sketching the motion of an observed object or objects, as well as a question about whether there was more than one object observed. The page also includes a compass rose diagram.

Here is the text transcribed from the image:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°

N
NW NE
W E
SW SE
S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

No motion at all.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
The object was more visible or more visible that night. I think we were about to run into him.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Met by the undersigned G. W. Christenson , of the night.
Mrs. Delmar Williams
La Crosse, Wisconsin
54601

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street La Crosse 54601 Wisconsin
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 71 SEX 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
March 30 1966 As you can readily see from my letter, this was a most unusual experience, and we are at a loss to explain it.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

OCR output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:	Lt	May	1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a negative explanation of your sighting:

I thought at first it was the moon that I saw to the northwest which is not unusual moon would be and much bigger -

Won't you please send a questionnaire like this to 
	Lo Ccrosse 1 Wisconsin
546 61

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document containing text.

FID (TTEM) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
2 MAY 1966

Oregon, Wisconsin: 24601
Dear Mrs.--

Reference your unidentified observation of 29 March 1966.
The information in your letter of 31 March 1966 was not sufficient for evaluation. We require the attached additional information.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

