The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically Report 10073, relating to an observation in Cloverdale, California on April 6, 1966.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6 APR 66 2400Z
2. LOCATION: Cloverdale, California
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 35
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: North
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noted vapor with dim masses of light in formation that were hovering. It appeared as birds. From the information available, it appears birds were observed at approximately 2340 local mean time and was approaching the flight's quarter (1057 APP). Observer stated there was bright calm light from moon enabled clearance of objects.

- page 1 -

The image appears to show an old envelope addressed to "Public Information Officer, Hamilton Air Force Base, California" with a postmark dated "May 31, 1966".

Cloverdale, Calif.
Public Information Officer
Hamilton Air Force Base, California

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it is a scanned document with handwritten text.

Public Information Officer, Cloverdale, Calif.

I would like to request some information on some strange objects the saw in the sky. Most north on April 23rd about 9:00 p.m. 

Ii can explain them only as large sized formations attended lay a formation of white lights - a formation of what seemed to be vehicles of some kind.

They seemed to be up and much larger than aircraft. They were no noise and they were traveling at a very fast speed.

I would say we saw them around twenty of them and they were frequently traveling. 

Public Information Officer, Cloverdale, Calif.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

From what I can see in the text, it discusses some kind of unusual or unexplained phenomena that the author has witnessed or heard about. The author mentions "such things as aren't normal bodies" and seems to suggest that there is something cryptic or mysterious about the "phenomena". They also express interest in hearing more about what the reader may know about this topic.

I have produced and output all the text found in the document, which is as follows:

From what I read they are all one going from that to Coast. I have read that their are such things as aren't normal bodies but at the present going a too crpital of the phenomena. Since what we are their most, if they've a changed maybe this could be an explanation. We would very much like to hear from you do to what they could possibly be. 
Theodorai
[redacted]

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from the U.S. Air Force regarding an unidentified observation reported on April 23, 1966 in Cloverdale, California.

PTD TUES
NORMAN MATTERSON AFBE, OHIO 45433
13 APR 1966

Mrs.
Cloverdale, California 93304

Dear Mrs. [REDACTED],

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 23 April 1966, which you reported to Hamilton AFB, California. The information received has been reviewed.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. MAJOR, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire is designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will not be used as the basis for official conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3/23 April 1966 

2. Time of day: 9:00 Hour Minutes

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific 
(Circle One): a. Standard b. Daylight Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Cloverdale California

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
20 Minutes
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day: Bright b. Partly cloudy c. Hazy d. Overcast
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Partly cloudy c. Hazy d. Overcast

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right c. To the left d. To your left e. Don't remember

FTD FCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 6 -

This image does not contain a photograph, but rather an old document with several questions and multiple-choice answers related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The document appears to be part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Transcribed text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Bright stars, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full moonlight, b. Crescent, c. Hazy or pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Scattered clouds, c. Broken, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Light rain or mist, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. About the same

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flick? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? They disappeared into the distance.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound no sound
b. Color white glowing masses and white mist

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 25 - a 3 inch gviz

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing]

- page 8 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a questionnaire or interview form with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 11:45 p.m. 2 1/2 miles west.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 
e. At an airport
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. At your place of business?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?  
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Mark with a check)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No ___
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Binoculars Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give a clear or picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing instructions and diagrams related to reporting sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" at the highest point where the object was observed (sky line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and draw any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? About 15. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 178

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. [REDACTED]
Cloverdale, Calif.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] 
AGE 34 SEX Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent: I have never seen anything out of the ordinary in the sky before. This is the first time I have ever observed anything.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? May, 1966
Day Month Year
Hamilton Air Force 7366, California

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a large blank space for the witness to provide additional information about their sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:	26- 5 -1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH AIR FORCE
HAMILTON AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA 94434

REPLY TO 4AFCOI-C
ATTN OF:

SUBJECT: Report of UFO Sighting

TO: Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Attached for your information and necessary action is a letter we received from Mrs. * * * * *, of Cloverdale, California, dated 3 May 1966, regarding a UFO sighting.

2. We have written Mrs. * * * * * that her letter was being forwarded to you.

FOR THE COMMANDER

PAUL R. JONES, Major, USAF
Deputy Director of Information

1 Atch
Mrs. * * * * *, 3 May 1966

- page 13 -

