The image does not contain any photographs. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP	21 Mar 66 22/0302
2. LOCATION	Cambridge, Mass. PA
3. SOURCE	Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS	Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION	2
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION	Ground-Visual
7. COURSE	West
8. PHOTOS	No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE	No
10. CONCLUSION	AIRCRAFT
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Two peculiar lights came out of the east traveling west and disappeared in the southwest. During the time of the sighting the lights were bright red in color at first. Then the object looked like three sets, one red, one white, and one green.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Re: U. F. O.'s

Gentlemen:

I can assure you that I was awake and aware and that this letter should be addressed just perhaps a little gruffly or not so politely as some may expect. I don't ordinarily start letters this way but in this case I am incredulous about where to start, and I am incensed about what to write.

Countless letters have been coming to this office recently concerning sightings of flying objects which I had a lawyer friend of mine "hush things up" on when I saw one. I'll believe it, well, I should still like to see one actual object and get a real close look at it.

I have a camera loaded with color film that I would like to try out on any objects which do not fit the patterns of known foreign jet aircraft, or balloons, or even any way, birds for that matter, as we have had here over the past year, and which have been described as a "flying saucer" while these drawn operations were observed.

Now, even though I cannot say I have seen any actual saucer or even any defined shape at all, shapes, or even any planes, helicopters, etc., I want no misunderstanding. On March 22, 1966, from about 7:30 P.M. until 8:30 P.M. (my two daughters and I were watching TV) a light rose slowly from the southwest and went towards the northeast and then disappeared. It was a southwesterly direction. During the time of watching we could hear a steady humming sound, which did not seem to increase or decrease as the light changed direction or position.

When I first saw the object, they were brighter and larger than a star and as they travelled they seemed to change form and position, within a matter of seconds - not drawing lights just slowly changing lights. The only way I can explain it is: if it were a round object with possibly some sections or chrome-like sections - one sees.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

our white and the green - and as it turned out, it would or 
have been a mance college students also reported seeing the flights on that same date, but their reports were inconsistent with his own report. in almost every instance from that time, students of Dickinson College students made reports also. However, none of these reports have been filed with this office. I hope I can be of any service in contacting any of those people, please call at your convenience.

Very truly yours,
[Redacted]
Darlington Springs, Pa.
Home phone: Any day after 4:30 P.M.
Alliance College Office: 2:30 to 4:30 P.M.
Monday through Friday

- page 3 -

