There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 16073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
30 Oct. 66 31/03002 Roscoe, New York
3. SOURCE: 4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS:
Civilian Aircraft (possible)
Two
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. DIRECTION
Westward
8. PHOTOS
None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None
PTO SE 12.0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this farm may be used.

The text in the document states the following:

Observer noted two lights with no clear outline, each object had a red and a while blinking light, object #1 moved through several positions against the night sky in the east to the west. The description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation. It is apparent it was also an aircraft as it was object observed through binoculars.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a detailed description of the observed object(s).

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Not a definite shape. Two lights with no clear outline.
2. Size compared to a known object: About the size of two large stars.
3. Color: Each object had a red and a white blinking light.
4. Number: Two
5. Formation, if more than one: No definite formation
6. Any discernible features or details: None
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None observed
8. Sound: if heard, describe sound: None observed
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None observed

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Brightness and fact that object was not moving at first.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: Object 1 - In the East, 30° elevation at first observation. Object 2 - Not observed.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: Object 1 - Moved through the zenith and was lost to sight. Object 2 - Not observed.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a historical UFO report document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
Stationary at first then rapidly through zenith to disappear in 'west'.

5. How did the object(s) disappear:
Object 1 - Near the horizon
Object 2 - Not observed

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible:
10 Minutes

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground visual
2. Optical Aids: None
3. From moving vehicle

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting:
30 October 1966

2. Light conditions:
Night - Clear

E. Location of Observer(s):
Nearest postal address: Roscoe, New York

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: Mrs. [redacted]
3. Age: Adult
4. Mailing Address: [redacted], New York Tel. [redacted]
5. Occupation: Housewife
6. Estimate of Reliability: No prior experience however I believe this to be a reliable report of the object seen.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text output from the document:

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Exceptionally clear.
2. Reports from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Offices: 
Report from Buffalo, New York - Cirrus clouds at 13,000 feet, low scattered clouds, winds calm.
Report for time in question - High thin scattered clouds, 35 miles visibility.
3. Ceiling: none
4. Visibility: greater than 25 miles.
5. Amount of cloud cover: nil thin scattered.
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: none
7. Vertical temperature gradient: 3° per 1000 feet inversion.
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: none
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: none

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page. The text on the page is as follows:

I. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloons related to this sighting: 
V - -34°   to Roscoe, New York, aooroximately 3500-4000 feet in altitude, moving southwest to northeast. 
J. Type of observation: Visual
K. Actions and comments of the preparing officer:
Due to the limited information available on cloud cover and movements, I can only state that I am unable to account for the sighting as described in the report. A full investigation is not possible due to the limited information available.

John M. Dayton 
1st Lt. ACFT DISC
USMC

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None

- page 5 -

