The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a document related to the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) by the United States Air Force.

Text in the image:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 JUL 66 0400/52
2. LOCATION: West Galveston Bay, Texas
3. SOURCE: Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Not Reported
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SIZE CASE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten text.

FTD (TSRER) /AD 
DETACHMENF IST FSYCHO 4PFI, Ohio
Houston, Texas 77104
Dear Mr. ----,
Thank you for your interesting letter concerning your UFO sighting. Your description was fascinating. It is really a pleasure to learn of observations such as yours have enabled us to make better evaluations.
Sincerely,
Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF 
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR system, I can produce the following text:

Major

In accordance with our phone conversation, I am enclosing the report on the sighting in Galveston.

If I can be of any further assistance, please let me know.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, detailing an unusual astronomical sighting made by the observer's sons on July 5th, 1966 in West Galveston Bay, Texas.

July 6, 1966

Mr. Burke Baker Planetarium
Houston, Texas 77004

Dear Mr. [redacted],

In reply with your instructions of July 5th I am pleased to transmit this report of the unusual astronomical sighting made by my sons and me recently.

Place of sighting was an island in West Galveston Bay 29°-17'N lat. and 94°-55'W long. Time of sighting 11:10 p.m. - 12:10 a.m., July 5-6, 1966. Duration of sighting approximately 60 minutes. Sky conditions: clear with thin scattered clouds to partially overcast. Wind force was approximately 5 knots from the southeast.

The object first appeared to the northeast at about 60 degrees altitude and moved in a westerly direction, passing an estimated 45 degrees southwest. Estimated velocities up to 15-20 knots at first, slowing down to about 5 knots near the southwest horizon. The object was silent and exhibited no trail or exhaust. Its shape was indistinct, but appeared to be a rather large, brilliantly lighted object, the light from which washed out the other stars in the area, creating a dome-like effect around it. The light was maintained most of the time and remained truly amazing to observe. The object was joined by a somewhat smaller companion object which appeared and disappeared at intervals, indicating some kind of intermittent or flashing light. There were several rather large refinery flares in the Texas City area, but our observation indicated the island intruder was anomalous to several of these. There were no lights in our area other than one gasoline lantern being used nearby to observe the object. My youngest son was asleep during the greater part of the observation.

At about one o'clock I inadvertently looked up in the Northern sky and observed a bright conglomerate of light (through a thin cloud). This light fluctuated in intensity. I immediately called this to the attention of my companion, and we both confirmed that this second light conglomerate would appear and disappear at intervals, as the clouds swept by, it became immediately apparent, to me, that the second conglomerate of light was a star. The object maintained its position relative to a star. The object maintained its position relative to a star (about 15 to 20 degrees above the horizon) for a period of time. Polaris and our Zenith, and with Cassiopeia, being fully westward and uprise Major being fully westward the star could have been Mirfak or Ursa Major being fully westward the star could have been Mirfak or Ursa Major being fully westward the star was about five degrees uprise from Polaris. This star could have been Mirfak or Ursa Major being fully westward and this star was about five degrees uprise from Polaris. This star could have been Mirfak or Ursa Major.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a UFO sighting. Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

July 8, 1966
Dear S.

Perseus B and on the next clear night I will accurately determine this. During the daylight hour of the clear day the object was observed by a boy. It had no visible body and a pear-shaped tail. Its width appeared to be about 1/8 to 1/10 of its length. The object was observed in the south eastward direction and its southern end appeared blunt and the northern end tapering. It was observed for a short period of time between 0900 and 0115 and it diminished in intensity from the continuation brightness-red just before disappearance.

Around 0115 it disappeared several times (2 or 3) and reappeared faintly before complete extinction. It was moving very slowly toward the south and had difficultly seeing the object. When the object began to diminish in brightness I had difficulty seeing the telescope and would see a shower or spark like particles or bodies around it.

The following details concerning this object are pertinent and will be reported for completeness:
During the entire demonstration the body seemed fixed as if in infinity. If it divided the body into two halves, I have to visualize the location to be at the level of the central red orange locality. It is possible that immediately prior to 0130 there was a brilliant flash which might have dispelled the population. The tail had ruled out UFOs. Balloons' reflections, weather, aircraft, searchlights and other man activities did not seem to have produced this apparent phenomenon to be made some contingent phenomena.

This is the first and only report to be made by me concerning celestial phenomena observed on 1965 and the appearance of this comet was public knowledge. If it were pressed to estimate the maximum extent of the phenomena, it would be 7 to 9 inches as measured at arms-length and the duration which had occurred millions of light years ago. Perhaps there is a much similar and less exotic explanation.

I sincerely feel the foregoing is an accurate recitation of our experience. If required I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have concerning this unusual event.

Yours very truly,
[Signature redacted]

HAB/p

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a diagram or plot, but there is no photograph present. The diagram shows various markings and annotations, including an indication of the "Time 01:00 LGT" and labeled points like "Aazimuth" and "Horizon". However, the image does not contain any human faces or identities.

TEXT OUTPUT:

TIME 01:00 LGT
AZIMUTH 5 PICARIA
TEXAS CITY ISLAND PARKWAY BRIDGE
HORIZON

- page 6 -

