The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3/16/66 3/17/0200Z
2. LOCATION: Uniontown, Ohio (1 witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 - 7 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: No
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Satellite (ECHO II)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer sighted a bright light, brighter than a star, traveling very fast. The object first appeared traveling North, then traveled in a straight line and disappeared.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from Major Hector Quintanilla of the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio, addressed to an unspecified recipient.

Major Hector Quintanilla, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio
Dear Sir:
I would like to report that on the night of March 16, at 2000 hours, two men saw a very bright light in the sky. It was brighter than Venus and traveling very fast. As they watched, it seemed to change direction and to travel toward the north on a line parallel to the horizon. It suddenly lit up and then went out completely. Then it continued forward again until it disappeared over the horizon. The elapsed time from first sighting it until it disappeared was 7 minutes.
I felt that this should be reported and tried the Akron-Canton station but could get no response. Then I called the Akron City airport control tower and reported it to the man there, who seemed to be quite upset about such sightings. I also felt the government should have this information, as anything to do with the moon can affect things that it will reach the right place.
I also would like to know, if possible, if this was picked up at some other station so that there should be some place set up to these thing to. Is there such a place?
I feel that a government investigation into these space crafts is instituted with all haste. I also feel it is very past time to give the facts to the people in an honest way, be they pro or against them. Apparently there are some indication that the objects are superior to ours. They also could have destroyed us if they wanted to. A simple electrical blackout would be simple to them. I hope this report will be received in good faith and that someone can make a problem.
Yours truly,
[Signature obscured]
Satellite (Echo II)
Moving NE

- page 2 -

