The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or report from Project 10073, which is likely related to the United States Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 Mar 66 21/39-04302
2. LOCATION: Houston, Texas
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: N/A
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/R inferred 30 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Sound only
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient data. FTD Form 16h forwarded to witness, however, not returned after 35 days. Will re-evaluate if received. Observer did not see anything, only heard a humming or whirring sound overhead. Unidentified dogs barked.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

The text in the document is as follows:

WYATT (JAMES)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
28 May 1966

Houston, Texas 77044

Dear Sir,
Reference your unidentified observation of 20 March 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

There appears to be no photograph or image present in this scanned document. It appears to be a "Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) Information Sheet" that contains text providing detailed information about an unidentified flying object sighting.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 3a and b, do not complete report.
2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO. 
3.a. Name
Phone  AGE_21_ Occupation____________
b. Shape of Object IRREGULAR
d. Size (compared to diameter, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item) 
IRREGULAR
f. Formation, if more than one. 2
g. Unusual features of object. 2
h. Was there a tail, vapor trail, or exhaust? 1 No
i. What called attention to the observer? 
j. What angle and elevation was the object on first observation? IN SIGHT
l. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared? OUT OF SIGHT
m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object? ACROSS FROM NW TO SE
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.) DISAPPEARED
o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.) 1 MINUTE
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.) NAKED EYE
q. Time and date of sighting 2200 - 2230, 20 MAR. 1966
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk) DUSK
s. Geographical position of object (North of Pasadena, South of Houston, etc.) APPROXIMATELY 10 MILES S. OF PASADENA, DIRECTLY OVERHEAD, ETC.
t. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.) CLEAR, HAZY, W IND
u. Temperatures of day (80°, pop, etc.)
v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above: OBSERVER HAD NO TIME TO REPORT THIS SIGHTING TO HEADQUARTERS IMMEDIATELY BECAUSE HE CONTINUED TO OBSERVE THE OBJECT'S FLIGHT PATH THOROUGHLY

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observation of the object.
In's Data 220

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document, which contains a report describing an observation of an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 22 Mar 66 23/0013Z
2. LOCATION: Houston, Texas
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: From NNW
8. PHOTOS: D Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: D Yes
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEOR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object was the size, color of a star, very bright, very high, and moving very fast. Disappeared into the horizon in a matter of seconds.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses
to give name and other information, do not complete this form.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to PDO.

3.a.Name:     Address:  
Phone:    Age:    Occupation:  
b. Shape of Object: disc    c. Color: white
d. Size (compare to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item) 2-5 feet
e. Formation, if more than one: one
f. Duration: if more than one: 
e. Unusual Features of object: disc, lit up all over, no trail, or exhaust
h. Was there a trail, vapor trail, or exhaust? no
j. What called attention to the observer: Camped to East sight and bright light to North
k. What angle and elevation was the object on/first observance.

l. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared_

m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object? erratic flight

n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.) slowly to North

o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.) 30 min.

p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.) naked eye

q. Time and date of sighting: 11:30 - 12:00 23 March 66
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk) night
s. Geographical location of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.) South of Pasadena
t. Weather (clear, hazy, cloudy, etc.) clear, hazy
u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.) 60°
v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above: light was pulsating, object appeared as a flying saucer

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of the object.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record form with various fields filled out, including the date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and physical evidence.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 22 Mar 66 23/0730Z
2. LOCATION: Houston, Texas
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1.5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Hovering-Up
8. PHOTOS: NONE
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE
10. CONCLUSION: Unidentified.
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noticed a single object coming from above their apartment. The brightness of the object lit up the apartment fast. The lights were flashing and smoke while in color, glided as big as two cars. It was estimated to be 30 ft. away. Codes gave off a lot of smoke. By the time the observers went outside the object was gone but the sky was filled with smoke.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. These try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
22 March 1966

2. Time of day:
6 Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Nearest Postal Address)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
4 Minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
c. Not very sure

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day b. Night c. Overcast

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): b. In front of you

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by a witness observing a UFO sighting.

The text on the page is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Moonlight, pitch dark
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _FAAD LIGHT_

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other
d. Don't remember  

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or slow down at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
f. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, featuring a form filled out by a witness describing their UFO sighting.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK REPORT
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? - No, only shifted to the left.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? - Yes (selected)
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? - No (selected)
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound - distant, fading, whirring
b. Color - circular, glowing, white
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? - About 1/3 the height of the object.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. - The sketch shows a circular or disc-shaped object with a tail or trail, moving in the direction indicated by the arrow.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   30 FT_

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
(a.) Inside a building
(b.) In a car
(c.) Outdoors
(d.) In an airplane (type)
(e.) At sea
(f.) Other _________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?   _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No    e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No    f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No    g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window-glass   Yes   No    h. Other ____________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
None

(The text extracted from the scanned document is provided above, without any additional commentary or interpretation.)

- page 10 -

The image contains a sketch in the top portion, which appears to be a diagram showing the relative position and angle of an unidentified object (UFO) in the sky. The sketch includes compass directions and angle markings. There is also a compass rose image in the lower right portion of the page.

The text in the document reads as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
11/10

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (YES)  (NO)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted], HOUSTON, TEXAS 77009
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE 22 SEX MALE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
ALL FORCE & RELATED LATER

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically related to an incident that occurred on March 8, 1966 in Houston, Texas.

Text extracted from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 - 8 - 66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire explanation of your sighting:
At approx. 8:15 P.M, March 8, 1966, while driving south on FM 1464 near Houston, Texas, my wife and I observed a bright light in the sky which appeared to be of a disc shape. The light was moving erratically and at a high rate of speed, making sharp turns and stops. It was approximately 500 yards from our position and appeared to be at an altitude of about 1,000 feet. The light could not be identified as any known aircraft and no sound was heard. The light was observed for approx. 2-3 minutes before it disappeared. I am a former Air Force aircraft maintenance officer and am familiar with most aircraft. This sighting does not fit any known conventional aircraft. I would appreciate any information your office may have on this incident.

- page 13 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcribed from the image:

22 March 1966

SUBJECT: FLYING OBJECT 
FROM: Mr. and Mrs.

1. Mr. ... stated he was hesitant to tell anyone about what he saw and heard until he read in the paper about a similar object reportedly seen by a group of people in Michigan last week.

2. "We were laying back on the bed watching the late show about 1 A.M. Suddenly this noise coming from above. The brightness of the lights lit up the whole apartment. The lights were flashing up and down, up and down. They appeared to move around outside our window. The flashing lights were white and smokey, lots of smoke and noise too". A howl, or more like a horn, more like a siren, yet different repeating sound from whirling copter, and all the time this bright light showed on both walls as if it was illuminating the whole room. They both jumped up to look out, so much smoke all around. I pulled on my pants and when I got down the steps the outside air was still full of smoke. The object seemed to have some straight up. Would guess the object was about five feet across and emitted a glow, no one else in the apartment saw or heard the object.

Sand 164

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

STD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
4 April 1966

Houston, Texas 77023

Dear Sir:

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 22 March 1966. The information which we received is not sufficient for valid conclusion. Please provide the attached UFD FORM as requested.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Airforce.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a report dated March 8, 1966 regarding an incident in Houston, Texas.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

TDETR/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR/70916/ms/2 NOV 66
Analysis of Australian UFO Photographs

HQ USAF (SAFOIR)

1. Photo analysis has been accomplished on the attached photographs. Possible identification or description of the UFO's has not been possible from the negatives. However, there are several comments which may prove relevant to the analysis:

a. The image does not appear to be the result of any processing effect.
b. It appears that the shutter speed used was considerably longer than the stated 1/500 second. The distance covered by the vehicles during the time of exposure, as indicated by their light trails, is much too great for a 1/500 second exposure. Speed calculations for the vehicles were made using a distance of 50 feet between light poles. Had more exposures been available and had the image been clearly defined, a rate of movement could probably have been derived.
c. It is noted that there is no reflection of the bright image on the water although it was stated to be only 20 feet above the water. The reflection of the street lights are evident. It is possible that some obstruction in the foreground could have blocked the view of the image.
d. No measurements are possible due to the halo of the bright image.  

2. Since there is no indication of threat to the security of the United States or of danger to our photographic investigation, the photos are not in the best interest of the Department. Therefore, no further attempt will be made to evaluate the cause of the image on the attached photographs.  

FOR THE COMMANDER

LOUIS DE GOES, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

TDETR MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR

DATE 2 NOV 66

- page 16 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a black and white image that appears to be a radar or sonar scan of some kind of object or phenomenon. The image shows a blurry, fragmented pattern of white lines and dots against a dark background, suggesting some type of electronic or sensor-based detection of an unidentified object or anomaly.

PROJECT TECHNOLOGY DIVISION ESTABLISHED

UNCLASSIFIED

This is the text found in the document:

PROJECT TECHNOLOGY DIVISION ESTABLISHED

- page 17 -

The image appears to be a photograph showing a night sky scene. There are some bright, irregular objects or shapes that appear to be floating or moving in the sky. The background is dark, suggesting a nighttime environment. No human faces or identities are visible in the image.

Text from document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK UNCLASSIFIED

- page 18 -

The image appears to show a blurry, grainy black and white photograph of what looks like some sort of aerial or spacecraft. The object has a distinct shape with elongated features, and the surrounding area appears to be some kind of cloudy or hazy environment.

TECHNICAL TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AIR T. C.
1966
8669056
HOUSTON, TEXAS

- page 19 -

The image appears to show a black and white photograph depicting an unidentified flying object or UFO. The object appears as a bright, elongated shape in the center of the frame, surrounded by a dark, hazy background.

UNCLASSIFIED
ROCKET TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,ASTROHOMY SECTION

- page 20 -

The image appears to show an abstract, grainy black-and-white photograph. The photograph depicts what seems to be a watery landscape with a long, winding structure or object that stretches across the frame. The object has a jagged, irregular shape and appears to be composed of numerous smaller elements or fragments. The background is hazy and indistinct, giving the image an ethereal, dreamlike quality.

UNCLASSIFIED
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION ASC
HULCAESTIMCG

- page 21 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a black and white, grainy image that appears to be an illustration or diagram. The image depicts some kind of irregular, pixelated structure or pattern against a dark background.

UNCLAS8IFIED
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO
UNCLASSIFIED PORTION OF PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14
MARCH 1966

- page 22 -

The image provided appears to be a photograph that is part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The photograph shows a grainy, black and white image of what appears to be a distant object or anomaly in the sky. The object appears to have a distinct shape that stands out against the cloudy background.

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFL

- page 23 -

The image shows a grainy, black and white photograph of what appears to be an unidentified flying object (UFO) or some kind of aerial phenomenon. The object in the image is difficult to make out clearly, but it has an elongated, irregular shape with some smaller, diffuse elements surrounding it. The background appears to be a night sky with scattered stars or atmospheric disturbances. The image is marked as "FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY" and appears to be part of a Project Blue Book document.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 24 -

The image appears to be a blurry, grayscale photograph that shows what looks like a series of vertical lines or distortions in the sky. There does not appear to be any clear object or identifiable feature in the image.

The text of the document is as follows:

ORIGINAL TECHNOLOGY DIVISION ONLY

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 25 -

The image provided does not contain any discernible photograph. The image appears to be a grainy, black and white graphic or illustration.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION UNCLASSIFIED

- page 26 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of what looks like a blurry, unidentified object or anomaly in the sky. The image is grainy and low-quality, making it difficult to clearly discern any details or features of the object. There is no human face or identification visible in the image.

Text output:
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION ACjC
UNCLASS ÍFIEÚ

- page 27 -

The image appears to show a blurry and indistinct object or phenomenon in the night sky. The object is difficult to make out, appearing as a faint, amorphous shape amid the darkness. There is no clear identification or definition of the object depicted.

PROJECT TECHNOLOGY DIVISION US.IC
UNCLASSIFIED
PROJECT TECHNOLOGY DIVISION N/S.IC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 28 -

The image appears to show a grainy, black and white photograph of some aerial or space-based phenomena. There does not appear to be any human faces or identifiable individuals in the image.

Project Blue Book
1966-03-8669056
Houston, Texas
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 29 -

The image appears to depict a black and white photograph of an unidentified aerial object. The object is visible in the center of the frame, with a hazy, indistinct appearance. There is no further information or details visible in the image.

UNCLASSIFIED
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
PROJECTBLUE BOOK
FORCE SYSTEMS OPERATIONS A.F.

- page 30 -

The image appears to show a grainy, black-and-white photograph depicting some kind of unidentified object or phenomenon in the sky. The object appears to be elongated and partially obscured, but its exact nature is unclear from the low-quality image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION ASD
UNCLASSIFIED
1966-03-8669056-Houston-Texas
Radar observation made at Houston, Texas, on 8 March 1966. The radar operator observed an unidentified target on the radar scope. The target displayed some unusual characteristics, including extremely rapid acceleration and a sudden disappearance from the scope.

- page 31 -

The image provided appears to be a photograph from a Project Blue Book document. The photograph shows an aerial view of what appears to be a body of water, possibly a lake or ocean, with some distortion or unusual patterns visible on the surface. There are no clear or distinct objects or structures visible in the image.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

STATION TELESCOPE [VISION?] ONLY
RECORD TELECOPIC [VISION?] LOSS ONLY

- page 32 -

The image shows a grainy black-and-white photograph of what appears to be an unidentified flying object or aerial phenomenon. The object is visible in the middle of the frame, appearing as a blurry, indistinct shape against the background. There are no other distinct features or identifiable elements in the image.

Text from the document:

DALLAS, TEXAS
MARCH 8, 1966

TELEX MESSAGE RECEIVED
MARCH 8, 1966 

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT

1. ON 8 MARCH 1966, BETWEEN 2100 AND 2130 HOURS CST, A WITNESS OBSERVED AN UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT OVER HOUSTON, TEXAS. THE OBJECT WAS DESCRIBED AS HAVING A BRIGHT GLOWING LIGHT WHICH VARIED IN INTENSITY. IT WAS OBSERVED FOR APPROXIMATELY 30 MINUTES.

2. THE OBJECT APPEARED TO BE SUSPENDED IN THE AIR AND REMAINED STATIONARY DURING THE ENTIRE OBSERVATION. NO SOUND WAS HEARD.

3. THE WITNESS WAS UNABLE TO DETERMINE THE SIZE, SHAPE OR ALTITUDE OF THE OBJECT.

4. THE OBSERVATION WAS REPORTED TO THE AEROSPACE DEFENSE COMMAND.

5. FURTHER DETAILS WILL BE REPORTED UPON RECEIPT.

- page 33 -

The image appears to contain a photograph, but there is no human face visible. The photograph shows an indistinct, grainy image of what seems to be some kind of aerial or spacecraft-like object. The image is blurry and difficult to make out in detail.

Project Blue Book
8669056 Houston, Texas
March 8, 1966

- page 34 -

The image provided appears to be a photograph from a project blue book UFO report document. The photograph shows an aerial view of a city or town, likely Houston, Texas, as indicated by the file name. The image appears to be a black and white photograph, showing the skyline and cityscape. There are no identifiable human faces or individuals in the image.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

FOREIGN ECONOMiC ACtIViTY DIVISION, J-2
DEFENSE INTELIIGENCE AGENCY
CASE NO. 8869056
CITY: HOUSTON, TEXAS
DATE: MARCH 8, 1966
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

- page 35 -

The image appears to be a photograph depicting a blurry and distorted view of what seems to be a landscape or outdoor scene. The image is in black and white, and there are no clear or identifiable objects or structures visible. The overall impression is of a heavily distorted or distorted visual.

PROJECT TECHNICAL PROJECTS DIVISION OF TECHNICAL SERVICES
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION

- page 36 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of what looks like a landscape or cityscape. The scene is blurry and indistinct, making it difficult to discern any clear details. There does not appear to be any text or annotations within the image itself.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Text extracted from the document:

Dear Sir,
My name is [redacted] am [redacted] years old. On [redacted] I and my family were visiting at [redacted] and at approximately [redacted] my attention was drawn to a very bright light in the northwest section of the sky. This light moved in a circular manner, stop and start, and then a sudden burst of speed in various directions. After it had remained in view for approximately [redacted] minutes, it suddenly disappeared. I saw a similar object on [redacted] and on [redacted] with my sister and brother-in-law at [redacted]. They also observed the same type of light. I am firmly convinced that what we saw was not an airplane, satellite, or any other known object. I am a member of C.C.U.R. (Chicago Civilian Observation of Astronomical Phenomena) which was organized to get prompt reporting and on-the-spot observation of UFO's and am having a great deal of trouble convincing others of what I saw. We would appreciate any information you could give us regarding this incident. Over

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly from Project Blue Book, regarding a UFO sighting.

Textual content extracted from the image:

Saucerly Gowin
Witness.
Chicago, Ill. 60653

P.S. Please take public denouement seriously,
Ido.

Blue Book officer &
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton Ohio

Chicago, III
60653.

- page 39 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a handwritten note or document. The text in the image is as follows:

was diploud was dipluod ditto dipl..d wire dipluod again. one the of us the ufo went up and over the house. Art. 100 a. Gram or weighed of sample. Gni. 12. min. 12 a. m. 3/8/66. O...  antenmen..

- page 40 -

The image appears to contain a sketch or drawing of what looks like an unidentified flying object (UFO). The main object in the center of the image resembles a sphere or dome-shaped structure, with some additional sketchy markings or details around it. There are also some other smaller sketchy elements in the upper right portion of the image.

Transcription of the text in the document:

That way a few of them
Clear away
The central urn
He clear away
Clair away

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that describes a UFO sighting report.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD: 2 Mar 66, call taken by [redacted]
[Redacted] of WHIO called on 2 Mar 66. Does not want to report a UFO sighting, however was interested if we had any reports at approximately 1145am, 2 Mar 66. He saw a light at low altitude, similar to aircraft, however, he did not hear any noise, it later turned red but he still did not hear any noise, observed for five minutes, light was traveling east. If we have any reports at that time in the next couple of days would we please give a call - 513-426-2330, was just kind of interested to know if anyone else noticed it. (Sgt Moody later remarked that it was probably an aircraft).

- page 42 -

The image contains a photograph of an "Official U.S. Air Force UFO form" with various questions and diagrams related to UFO sightings. The form includes sections for the witness to sketch the object they observed, indicate the direction of motion, and provide additional details about the sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
Page 5
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end.
NO PHOTOGRAPH
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3 or 4 objects. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
32. Please give the following:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
33. When and to whom did you report this sighting? [REDACTED]

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the "Force UFO Form Continued" page.

Force UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
AN PPG PHOTOGPAPHS OF THl.S OBJET OETaD AS ABOVE. THIS WAS THE FIRSf tl3EE 1 EVE1 SEEN SUCH AN OBJECT,
31. Were anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
A G E 19
32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS LYNN CITY, MA.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 19 SEX MALE
I AM NOW IN THE NAVY AND MY PRESENT ADDRESS IS:
G.S.U.T.C.
RADAR A SCHOOL
GREAT LAKES ILL.
60088
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? WE DIDN'T TELL THE POLICE BECAUSE THEY WOULDN'T BELIEVE US.

- page 44 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows an "Official U.S. Air Force UFO form" with handwritten text providing details about a UFO sighting.

Transcribed text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 - 2 - 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

THIS OBJECT WAS ABOUT 25 FEET LONG AND ABOUT 10-15 FEET HIGH. IT WAS SITTING ON A HILL WITH NO OBSTRUCTION TO VIEW. IT WAS SITTING STILL WITH NO OBSERVATION TO THE REAR AND WITH A GLOW TO THE UPPER PART.

I TOOK A WALK THROUGH THE AREA ABOUT 300 YARDS BEFORE THE SIGHTING AND WALKED OVER THE HILL IT WAS SEEN ON. THERE WAS ABSOLUTELY NO ELECTRICAL COMMUNICATION, NO TELEPHONE POLES OR ANYTHING TO CAUSE LIGHTS.

- page 45 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The text in the image states "Force UFO form continued" at the top and provides a detailed sketch with annotations describing various elements, including "water", "abandoned boat", "distance 300 yards", "about 4 houses here", and "Nahaut tshash".

Force UFO form continued
Water
Abandoned boat 
Distance 300 yards
About 4 houses here
Nahaut tshash

- page 46 -

The image contains a photograph of an official U.S. Air Force UFO report form. There is no human face visible in the image.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NO.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what: in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color: REDDISH BUT WHITE LIGHTS ON EDGES

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? ABOUT 1/8

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

WHITE LIGHTS ON EDGES

20. Do you think:
(Circle One)
If you answere

- page 47 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Force UFO form continued
Page 3 Page 4
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? NO MOVEMENT
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 YARDS APPROX
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
Inside a building
In a car
In an airplane (type) 
At sea
Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airport?
e. On a mountain?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ON OCES ROAD "NEAR HOUSTON" 
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)
Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Telescope Yes (NO)
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Windshield glass Yes No
e. Theodolite Yes No
f. Camera Yes (NO) SEE BOTTOM PHOTOGRAPH 
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. THE UFO LOOKED LIKE A SAUCER WITH A RING AROUND IT. IT APPEARED VERY BRIGHT ON THE TOP WITH THE BOTTOM HALF GLOWING. THERE WAS ALSO A BLUE AREA UNDER THE TOP PART. 
11/30/12 John Hooper

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire for reporting UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have witnessed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We appreciate this personal information.

1. When did you see the object?
7 3 1966
Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 10:15 P.M. 
Hours A.M. or P.M. 

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One) a. Eastern c. Mountain 
b. Central d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Malvert
City or Town

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2-10 20
0 Certain Minutes Seconds
Uncertain If not sure

5.1 How was time in sight determined? CHECKED ON WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One) a. Day: Sunny, Clear, Cloudy, Overcast 
b. Night: Bright, Dark, Moonlight, Hazy, Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you c. To your left
b. Behind you d. To your right

8. If you saw the object -
a. Stars/Planets clearly visible
b. Hazy
c. Lights on object

9. If you saw the object -
a. Silently
b. With sound

10. The object appeared to be -
(Circle One) a. Solid b. Metallic c. Lights
d. Transparent e. Dull finish

11. If it appeared on a high-speed, -
a. Straight b. Arched c. Erratic d. Zigzagged

11.1 Compared to a jet plane, the speed was -
ABOUT 

12. The edges of the object were -
(Circle One) a. Sharply defined b. Fuzzy

13. Did the object -
a. Appear to stand still
b. Move and then stop
c. Breat up into parts
d. Cruise at constant speed
e. Give off smoke or fire
f. Change shape
g. Flash or flicker

- page 49 -

The image contains a photograph of a printed Air Force UFO reporting form. There are no identifiable human faces or individuals in the image.

LIGHTS ON OUTLINE
APPROX. 200 M
OUTLINE BY GENERAL LIGHTS - INTERMITTENT
SEEN

- page 50 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with the title "UNCLAS EFTO" repeated at the top and bottom of the page.

UNCLAS EFTO
UNCLAS EFTO

- page 51 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph, but rather text from an old UFO report document. 

Transcribed text:

Official Report By
Cadet Patrick C. Myers
Civil Air Patrol
Fremont, Ohio
March 8 1966

Dear Sir:
A large U.F.O. has been sighted near Clyde, Ohio. Many people have seen it. Please send me 25 forms like you sent me to fill out for record, so that these people can fill them out for you.
The object was a bright red, looked like a fire in the sky. It was seen to east and then west, and then back east to west. A bright red, looked like a fire in the sky, from far away, moved from west to east, and then east to west. The radio reported that the object was seen in width, so. I would like to send postage envelopes for the reports, as the people do not such envelopes.
Here is a enclosed report by our local news paper.

Space Objects
Seen At Clyde
CLYDE - Were visitors from outer space descending UFOs for a Sandusky visit last Saturday night? Strange flying objects were reported on two occasions.
The first call came to the Clyde police station about 8 p.m. Residents reported seeing a large red object hovering in the sky north of Route 101 and by a Race street woman it was spotted west of the Village police station. Thinking the first was a hoax, they didn't get the name of the first caller. 
The second call came from James Nixon, Race street, who reported his wife had seen a similar object between 7:15 and 7:45 p.m.
The woman from Route 101 reported the "huge red ball" north of Clyde and traveling south.

Thank you,
Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 52 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official report by Cadet Patrick O. Myers from the Civil Air Patrol Squadron 686 in Fremont, Ohio dated March 8, 1966. 

The text of the report is as follows:

Official Report By
Cadet Patrick O. Myers
Civil Air Patrol Squadron 686
Fremont Ohio

Dear Sir:

A large U.F.O. has been sighted near Clyde Ohio. Many people have reported seeing it. Civilians send about 20 calls to our squadron 686 contact number. They can't tell them to convince us for us.

The object which I also saw was about 30 times the size of th moon. A bright flash was spotted like a star in a mile from far away. It moved from west to east, and then start to west. The radio reported that the object was seen in much that direction in which it moved.

The U.A.F. does not get such envelopes. Here is a clipping report by our local news paper:

Space Objects
Seen At Clyde

CLYDE -- Were visitors from other planets visiting Clyde for a few minutes Monday night? Some residents of that village say they saw a strange flying object in the sky about 8:45 p.m. Monday.
The object was spotted on two sides of the village shortly before 9 p.m. An unidentified resident of North Main Street called the Clyde woman Village police to report two calls.

The first one was a bright, elongated object with a reddish glow emiting from the front, the caller said. The object hovered for a few seconds before it shot away at a high rate of speed.

The second call came from James Allen, who reported his wife had spotted a similar object in the sky about 8:45 p.m. over their home. They had also seen the object south of their home, Allen said.

Mrs. Mason compared the size of the strange object to the size of the moon. She spotted the object when she let her dog out. When she looked back, the object was gone.

Both Mrs. Mason attempted to get a better look at the object but it was traveling too fast. Both women repeatedly stated the did not just disappear.

Thank you;
Sincerely,

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official U.S. Air Force UFO form with various instructions and questions for the witness to fill out.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

33. When and to whom.

- page 54 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows a form titled "Force UFO form continued" with various questions and responses filled out in handwritten text.

Here is the text from the document:

Force UFO form continued
Page 4

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
Friday May 24,1966 at around 1:10 a.m. - I saw the U.F.O. over the star shell explosion vicinity.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself. 
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
Street, [Redacted] City, [Redacted] Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 19
SEX: male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. I have been extremely interested in UFOs for several years now, and have read extensively on the subject. I often discuss UFOs with friends, some of whom have also sighted them. However, this is the first time I have personally witnessed a U.F.O. What I saw was a very bright, elliptical or round object, with a brighter light on the periphery, moving silently and swiftly from east to west across the sky. It was accompanied by several smaller objects. The sighting lasted about a minute and a half.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Reported it to a U.F.O. reporting agency sometime in June 1966, soon after the sighting occurred.

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically the "Official U.S. Air Force UFO form" with handwritten text.

The text in the image is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 April 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

At about 8:30 p.m. on March 25, 1966 I was driving in a southern direction on the Gulf Freeway near Houston, Texas. At that time as I glanced toward the north eastern sky, I noticed an object which appeared to be traveling in a horizontal pattern. The object was a whitish color and seemed to emit a pulsating or blinking light. It was considerably higher than a low flying plane and did not have the characteristics of an ordinary aircraft. The object appeared at a distance and seemed to gradually disappear over the horizon. After sighting this, I continued to watch the sky but did not see the object again. The sighting lasted approximately 1 to 2 minutes. The time was between 9:00 and 10:00 p.m.

- page 56 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. The text describes a UFO sighting that occurred on April 25, 1966 at 11:00 P.M. The sighting involved a glowing, reddish-colored object that appeared all white, flickering off and on. The text states that this sighting was recorded in the UFO's journal.

The full text from the document is:

They appeared in a glow reddish color.

Monday April 25, 1966 Time 11:00 P.M.

This object appeared all white, flickering off and on. 

These are some the UFO's recorded in my journal.

- page 57 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE" form.

OCR Text Output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you observed.
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement.
We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 18 March 1966
2. Time of day: 10.07 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Central
b. Eastern
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Houston, Texas
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Seconds
5.1 How was it first determined? Remain steady at first, then accelerated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY - a.Clear b.Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
8. If you saw the object, how would you describe it? (Circle One) a. Shiny b. Dull c. Many
d. Distant
9. What were the worst conditions? (Circle One) a. Clear b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy
10. The object appeared: a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor
11. If it appeared as a light: a.Brighter b. Dimmer than
11.1 Compare brightness to:
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Sharp b. Ill-defined
13. Did the object: (Circle One) a. Appear to stand still b. Suddenly speed up
c. Move slowly d. Give off smoke? e. Change brightness f. Flash or flicker? g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an Air Force UFO reporting form.

AIR FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight 
b. Full moonlight
c. Pale or light moon-dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy, mild, or light rain
c. Fog, mist, or light rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Other

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): 
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
brighter compared to star that seems

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clear-cut and outlined
c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (No) Don't know
c. Make any sudden/angular turns or changes in speed? Yes (No) Don't know 
d. Give off smoke? Yes (No) Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes (No) Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes (No) Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes (No) Don't know 
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No) Don't know

- page 59 -

There is a photograph present in the image. It appears to be an official U.S. Air Force UFO form with various questions and prompts for the witness to fill out.

Text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object did not disappear, it hovered for about 5 to 10 minutes, then started to move away.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)     Yes     No     Don't know.     If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind some clouds at times.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)     Yes     No     Don't know.     If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved in front of some clouds.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Sound like a distant jet, but no jet present.
b. Shape: Star like. Seemed to pulsate.
c. Size: About the size of a star. 
d. Color: White light, occasionally turning red.
e. Number: One

18. When the object was first sighted, how long did you watch it? If the object was out of sight at any time, tell how long.
The object was in sight for approximately 10 minutes.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially distinguish what features may have appeared to move or change shape. Please do show how the object was moving.

The witness drew a star-like shape and wrote "The UFO left the area, the object left."

- page 60 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Force UFO form continued

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes No  
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? approximately 3,000 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Alone
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): 
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country? 
d. Near an airfield? 
e. Flying over the open country?
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)  a. North    b. Northwest    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northeast
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or change course at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No (Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescopes Yes No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or pattern which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A T couldn't deliver luminous golfball

- page 61 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TRANSCRIPTION:

Page 9 
Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It hovered momentarily then shot off with incredible speed and disappeared instantly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
- it moved behind a cloud and disappeared.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of. 
- it moved in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
 a. Shape it was round, or oval.
 b. Color - lights of varying color.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
- approximately 1/4 inch.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[There is a hand-drawn illustration showing an oval-shaped object with varying colored lights.]

20. Do you think you could identify the object if you saw it again? (Circle One) Yes No

21. Do you think you could identify the object if you saw it again? (Circle One) Yes No

22. Where were you at the time? (Circle One) a. At home b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane e. At work

23. Did you observe the object through: (Circle all that apply) a. Eyeglasses b. Binoculars c. Windshield d. Windows glass

24. In order that your case may be properly evaluated, please indicate:
24.1. What were you doing just before you saw the object? 
24.2. How long did you watch the object? About 10 seconds.
24.3. Did you stop to watch the object, or were you moving at the time? (Circle One) Stopped Moving 

25. Describe here any additional information that you think is pertinent.
The object hovered momentarily, then shot off with incredible speed and disappeared instantly. It was round or oval in shape and the lights on the object varied in color. It did not make a sound.

- page 62 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Air Force UFO form continued
Page 3                                                                                                  Page 4
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?  Yes  No
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was?  Yes  No
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    (Circle One)
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)   Automobile 
23. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open country side?
    d. Near an airport?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
24.1 If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North   b. East   c. South   d. West
    24.2 How fast were you moving?     25    miles per hour
    24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?   Yes   No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses  Yes   No
    b. Sun-glasses  Yes   No
    c. Binoculars  Yes  No
    d. Telescope  Yes  No
    e. Window glass  Yes  No
    f. Other          Yes  No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which you would say best compared in size and appearance to the object which you saw.

Brilliant orangeish-reddish light, irregularly shaped, probably three foot in diameter, moving much faster than aircraft, only seen for a few seconds before it seemed to descend behind trees.  Its movement and time of visibility suggests it was a meteor or similar celestial object.

- page 63 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text output from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FOR
Page 1 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you provide will be carefully analyzed and may prove to be valuable in evaluating the phenomenon. We request that you do not discuss your observation with others, or publish any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? March 16, 1966
2. Time of day: 6:45 (Circle One)  Hours A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Driving on Highway for Bellaire, Texas to business address
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)  3 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?  Yes
5.2 Was it in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY Bright b. NIGHT  c. Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right
8. If you saw the object:
8.1 STARS (Circle One) a. None b. A Few c. Many
9. What were the weather conditions? CLOUDS (Circle One) a. Clear b. Hazy c. Overcast
10. The object appeared: a. Round b. Elliptical c. Other
11. If it appeared to move, its motion was: a. Straight b. Erratic c. Curvilinear
11.1 Its speed compared to jet aircraft was: a. Faster b. Slower c. About the same
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Sharply defined b. Indistinct c. Fuzzy
13. Did the object:  a. Appear to stand still b. Suddenly speed up c. Break up into pieces d. Give off smoke e. Change shape? f. Flash or flicker? g. Disappear and reappear?

FORM FTD OCT 22 1964 This form supersedes FTD 19A, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 64 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an Air Force UFO reporting form.

AIR FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Mostly cloudy d. Scattered or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply defined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up and rush away or any time? c. Break up into parts or explode? d. Change brightness? e. Change shape? f. Become visible and then disappear and reappear?

- page 65 -

The image provided appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It contains a grainy, black and white photograph that appears to be blank or show some kind of indistinct pattern or texture.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

REPORT FROM PROJECT BLUE BOOK
DATE OF SIGHTING: March 8, 1966
LOCATION: Houston, Texas
DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:
At about 10:00 p.m. CST on March 8, 1966, a bright red light was observed moving in the sky over Houston, Texas. The object was seen by several witnesses and was reported to authorities. Project Blue Book was notified and initiated an investigation.
The object was described as round or elliptical in shape, and was estimated to be about 30-40 feet in diameter. It was reported to have hovered and maneuvered for several minutes before accelerating and disappearing from view.
No physical evidence or additional eyewitness reports were obtained during the investigation. The case was classified as "Unidentified" by Project Blue Book.

- page 66 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a UFO sighting. The caption below the image reads "Vasion'-by Something: From Australia to Michigan, a flurry of eerie UFO sightings". The image shows a bright, elongated object in the night sky with some blurred shapes or lights in the background, which could be the "mystery thing" described in the caption.

Text in the document:
From Australia to Michigan, a flurry of eerie UFO sightings
Call them what you will: flying saucers, Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs), optical illusions, or the first symptoms of the silly season. They are back again—and seen by more people than ever before. Some are greenish and iridescent, like the mystery thing that swooped down over Perth, Australia several weeks ago (left and below). Others are football-shaped and glow with pulsating lights. Last week the mani-

- page 67 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document from Project Blue Book, which is a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Transcribing the text from the image:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE:

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
I HAVE SEEN AN - OR A UFO PLACE, SHAWNEE KANSAS, CITIZEN KANSAS.
TIME: 3:00 TO 3:15. TIME OF PHENOMENON: 15 MINUTES.
5:00 TO 5:10 P.M. I OBTAINED THE SAME OBJECT AGAIN THE SAME TIME.
AT APPROXIMATELY THE SAME TIME, I WAS WATCHING THE ROAD AHEAD OF 1 DATE 3-20-66. FIRST WHAT I WAS HEADING SOUTH ON 1-35 TOWARD WICHITA KANSAS. 
IT SEEMED TO BE VERY CLEAR NIGHT." I SAW THE STARS AND PARTICULARLY I LIKE TO OBSERVE THEM 5: 00 TO 3:01 A BRIGHT OBJECT DEVELOPED IN ABOUT 3 OR 4 MINUTES, APPEARED INTENSELY BRIGHT AND ABOUT 15 SECONDS THEN BECAME MORE INTENSE IN LIGHT AND SUDDENLY BECAME VERY MUCH BRIGHTER.
I THOUGHT IT WAS A FALLING STAR, AS I HAVE OBSERVED, THEY WHILE SOME SORT OF TRAIL PLUS LOOSE INTENSITY FALLA WAY TO PHENOMENON BECOME SO INTENSE TO SOUTH TOWARD NORTH THEN AS CONTRACT TO 8-10 MILES IT WAS APPROX WIDTH OF TAKE, SOME LIKE 8 MILES.   IT TAPPER IN INTENSITY AND SUDDENLY FLASHED A BRILLIANT WHITE INTENSE COLORS FROM WHITE "INTENSE" COLORS TO BLUE, TO LIGHT GREEN, TO RED ORANGE, BACK TO WHITE. THEN AS I CONTINUED FLASHED THE COLORS IN RAPID SUCCESSION, A DECREASE IN SIZE,
THEN IT WAS AS BLACK AS THOUGH NOTHING WAS THERE. IN OTHER WORDS, IF DISAPPEAR IN OTHER WORDS, IT WAS WITH COLORED WITH AURAL IT'S GOING THROUGH THESE COLORS AND SOME FORM.
I ADVISE IN THESE CASES AND SAME AS PERSONAL.

- page 68 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The text in the document states:

WHEN MAN KIND WILL MEET, SINCERELY BELIEVES IF OTHER PEOPLE FROM ANOTHER WORLD, I THEN MAN THEN SEES WHAT HE ABLE TO CONTRIBUTE WITH HIMSELF, I THANK-YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND SCIENTIFIC INTEREST, I CALL BE AT YOUR CONVENIENT AND CONTROVERSIAL SUBJECT MAYTONEEYANEMEE WHEN YOU CALL.

ATTENTION.
I WOULD LIKE ALL THE INFORMATION THAT CAN BE VIEWED AT TEXAS STATE COLLEGE INFORMATION ABOUT A REGGIE COLE BORN SEPT.11,1943, SERVICE NO. FC-12206136.

- page 69 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4603D AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12550

4603ODD                         20 April 1966

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO:  Hq AFSC (TDEW)

1. On 22 March 1966 this Headquarters received a report concerning the sighting of a UFO in the Westport, Connecticut area. It T.S. Waller contacted the Police Department in Westport and at their request forwarded the reporting format for UFO's to be filled out by them. (See Attachment 1).

2. Attachment 2 is a copy of subject report submitted by the Westport Police Department.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN N. JOHNSON, III, Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Operations & Training Division

- page 70 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OFFENSE REPORT 
POLICE DEPARTMENT, WESTPORT, CONN.

Serial No. 19957
Name of Complainant: Peterson Albert 
Address of Complainant: Darbrook Rd, Wept Ct
REPORT: That he is watching an unknown object flying in the sky. This is South and a very bright, lights, and is flying in an erratic manner.

6:58 PM - Mr. Peterson called back and stated that a commercial aircraft had just flown near this object and the object went straight up into the bank of clouds and is now gone.

Follow Up: 

8:43 PM - of 230 North Ave also reported seeing this object.

8:44 PM - of Saugatuck Ave reported that he saw the object for approx 15 min in the Saugatuck area.

8:57 PM - Mrs. of Mosker Rd that she and her Family had also observed the object and she described it as a large red ball in the center, and seemed to be pulsating, then disappeared.

8:58 PM - Mrs. of Cold Rd reported seeing the object for approx 15 min and it is now gone.

9:00 PM - Mr. of Charcoal Lane stated that he saw the object at 9:30 PM for approx 15 min.

9:02 PM - of 302 S. Campo Rd reported she and 8 other people saw the object at 8:55 PM for approx 15 min.

There were several other calls on this object and the people did not identify themselves. They all closed this object. I Called Airport and they stated that one call had been received by them, but they had not sighted the object. They advised calling Griffiss Air Force Base.

I Called Suffolk Airport at 1-516-286-1900 and gave them the above information. This was given to the Power Squadron. He stated that they would log this call and notify New York Air Traffic Control Center which is not in this area.

- page 71 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document titled "OFFENSE REPORT" from the Police Department in Westport, Connecticut. The text content of the document is as follows:

SERIAL NO. 20011 
POLICE DEPARTMENT, WESTPORT, CONN.
Date: March 22, 1966 
Time: 8:00 P.M. 
Tuesday March 22, 1966
By: Sgt. Marks 
Phone: Personal Call
Name of Complainant: Jane Doe 
Nature of Complaint: REPORTS:
That the unknown object flying over Westport may be being sent up by students at Staples High.

Investigated by: Sgt. Marks 
Follow Up: None

REMARKS:
On March 23, 1966, I went to Staples High and spoke to Mr. X and Mrs. Y and advised them about what students had said about sending up some object at 3:30 PM on this date. He said the school did not have any knowledge of this group of boys and would look into it. He said he would have to see such an object to verify it. I then spoke to a 19 year old boy who stated he had seen an object with bright lights and lens buying surplass weather balloons in NYC and filling them and sending them along during the evenings. He had one unusual one the other night. I said he should not be doing anything like that as it was unwise and could cause an airplane to strike it, but I do not think he was the one that sent up the objects over Westport as he never mentioned that. They were told to stop sending up these objects and it was suggested a warrant may be issued for them.

Sgt. Marks

- page 72 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Office of the Secretary of the Department of the Air Force in Washington, addressed to Major Quintanilla. The letter discusses photographs that were lent to Life magazine and must be returned quickly, as the Air Force is still committed to analyzing them. The letter requests that copies of the originals be made and returned, and asks if George P. Freeman Jr. can further explain "Class's theories, publicized lately" about the photos. The letter is signed by George P. Freeman Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF, Community Relations Division, Office of Information.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

OCT 6 1966

Dear Major Quintanilla:

The photos inclosed belong to Life and were lent to
one of their people by one of District's file a personal favor
with this stipulation - we must return them quickly.

At the same time, we are still committed to Congress
to analyze these photos.

Would you make copies, return the originals (which are
really copies of the originals) as quickly as possible,
and use your copies for your analysis.

Hopefully, Class's theories, publicized lately, can
explain these photos.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Atch
Photos

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
PEPINY/USO
WCSE-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

- page 73 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text that appears to be information about a UFO report from Project Blue Book, including the date of March 1, 1966, the location of Australia, the fact that the object was "not listed", the file number 1002715, and the note that it is "In custody of audio-visual division".

F:17
MARCH 1, 1966 
AUSTRALIA
OBS: not listed
FILE # 1002715
OBS in custody of audio-visual division
1975

- page 74 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting an observation of a bright light, similar to Venus, in the sky over Houston, Texas on March 23, 1966.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 23 Mar 66 2240/Z42
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 6 Minutes 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Northerly
8. PHOTOS None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE None
10. CONCLUSION SATELLITE
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted a bright light, about as bright as Venus, as it would be at night. Looked like a bright star with two rays like whiskers at the bottom. No sound was heard, and no trail, exhaust, or exhaust was observed. Object moved in a northerly direction.

- page 75 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidenti[fied] object (s) you have observed. Please answer all questions as completely as possible, as the information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 23 March 1966
2. Time of day: 5 Hour 14 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): c. Central 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Houston Harris County, Texas
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 6 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? My wrist watch (classical second-hand)
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes 
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Hazy NIGHT: c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): b. In back of you

FTD FORM 164 OCT 62 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 76 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO object, showing two rays of light extending from it, along with an arrow indicating the direction of movement. The text describes the object as having "two rays of light longer than the rest".

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It disappeared in the horizon when it was too far away to be seen clearly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes      No      Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes      No      Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound The sound was heard at all times.
b. Color The object showed various illuminated colors.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object would have been covered completely by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The hand-drawn sketch shows the UFO object with two rays of light extending from it, and an arrow indicating the direction of movement.

- page 77 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with multiple choice answers.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: About the brightness of the planet Venus at night.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes, No, Don't know) b. Suddenly speed up and travel fast at any time? (Yes, No, Don't know) c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes, No, Don't know) d. Give off smoke? (Yes, No, Don't know) e. Change brightness? (Yes, No, Don't know) f. Change shape? (Yes, No, Don't know) g. Flash or blink? (Yes, No, Don't know) h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes, No, Don't know)

- page 78 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.
Yes, on the morning of 195. ôbserved from South Beach, daytona Beach, Nalearea Beach, Florida

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes  No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes  No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED]
Houston 6, Tia*

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] 
CITY Houston STATE Texas   ZIP 1 5
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 10 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
March 1966 - reported to Mrs. Grace Bossa Eillington Air Force Base, Houston, Texas.

- page 79 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the reported UFO sighting.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ______________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No
b. Sun glasses (Yes) No
c. Windshield (Yes) No
d. Window glass (Yes) No

e. Binoculars (Yes) No
f. Telescope (Yes) No
g. Theodolite (Yes) No
h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed at a great rate. It did not leave a 'trail' like shooting stars.

- page 80 -

The image contains a compass diagram and a sketched path, but no photograph. I will proceed to extract the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 81 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document page with text describing a UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: APRIL 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
After some shapes going from West to North-east. It travelled at a high rate of speed and suddenly disappeared. The object seen was the same as in Tarare Beach, Cuba, was 42 feet in diameter, about 55 feet off the sea and stopped in the air also. This object was about 200 yards away from the house and remained visible until it passed over us, no more than 80 feet above us. No sound was heard but a slow whistle or whine and nothing could be seen except a bright ball of light. The rays of light which looked like whiskers moved under to all the time, and appeared to be going crossing each other. My mother and aunt were witnesses.

- page 82 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an official US Air Force investigation into UFO sightings.

Project (BLUE) BOOK
RT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio 45433
4 April 1966

Houston, Texas 77035

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 23 March 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 163 and return it to the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

ORIGINATOR: [redacted]  DATED: 4/6/66

- page 83 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

OUT 1C03717 
INSTRUCTIONS: File upright when charging out case files or entire folders of correspondence. File on side when charging out individual documents within a folder.
DATE OF DOCUMENT: 5-24-6
TITLE, FILE CODE OR SUBJECT, NUMBER, OR OTHER IDENTIFICATION: 23-25 ma 1966 Temple okla case missing 
NAME, OFFICE TITLE OR SYMBOL, TELEPHONE: 
DATE CHARGED OUT:
23 Mar 66 
Temple okla. 
case missing

- page 84 -

The image appears to contain a Project Blue Book Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) Information Sheet. There is no photograph included in this document.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET
1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 3a, do not complete report.
2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.
3.a. Name: Houston 12, Phone:, Age/15, Occupation: Student
b. Type of Object: Brilliant
d. Size (compare to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item): Appeared to be 25 to 30 feet in diameter
f. Duration, if more than one: Constant
g. Unusual features of object: Moved very fast, no noise
h. Was there a trail, vapor trail, or exhaust? No
j. What called attention to the observer: Attention was attracted by the bright light
k. What angle and elevation was the object when first observed: 45 to 50 degrees
m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object: Towards the southwest
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.): Disappeared towards the southwest
o. How long was the object visible (5 min., 1 hour, etc.): 1 minute
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, binoculars, etc.): Naked eye
q. Time and date of sighting: 2:30 a.m. 8 March 66
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk): Night
s. Geographical position of object (north of Houston, south of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.): South of Pasadena
t. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.): Clear
u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.): 65°
5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of the object.

- page 85 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing information about a UFO sighting in Houston, Texas.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 Mar 66, 2300Z
2. LOCATION: Houston, Texas  
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: XX No  
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: XX No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (Venus) 
VENUS at 1200Z (R.A. 21:19 ST. MAG. -4.2) at 120 degrees azimuth and 20 degrees elevation.
Object was described as a bright white light, larger than an aircraft landing light. Driving by airport when he saw it. Thought it was an aircraft landing light but it stayed stationary for over 15 minutes. Heard a sound attributable to aircraft in the area.
2 Witnesses

- page 86 -

The image appears to be a form or information sheet titled "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) INFORMATION SHEET". It does not contain any photographs or visual images, only text.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses 2. Please Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to DDO.

3. a. Name [redacted]
   b. Address [redacted]
   Phone [redacted] Occupation [redacted]
   c. Color [white]
   d. Size (compare to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item) ABOUT 15-20 FEET e. Number of Objects 1
   f. Formation, if more than one N/A
   g. Unusual features of object [redacted]
   h. Was there a trail, or exhaust? N/A Any Sound? no
   j. What called attention to the observer JUST HAPPENED TO SEE IT
   k. What was the duration was the object on observation? SEVERAL SECONDS

4. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared CAN'T REMEMBER

m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were the maneuvers of the object SOUTH
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.) JUST DISAPPEARED
o. How long was the object visible? (5 min, 1 hour, etc.) 15 MINUTES
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.) NAKED EYE
q. Time and date of sighting 6:00, 2-5-66
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk) DAY
s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.) SOUTH OF PASADENA
t. Weather (clear, day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.) CLEAR, SUNNY AFTERNOON
u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.) ABOUT 70 DEGREES
v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above:

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of the object. 5-21-19 ST...42

- page 87 -

There is no photograph present in the image. However, the text of the Project 10073 Record document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 29 March 66 30/2013Z
2. LOCATION: Houston, Texas
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Southerly
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT ✓
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object was smaller than the moon and had a white light and did blinking lights. Object moved slowly to the south and disappeared behind some trees in two minutes.

- page 88 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) 
INVESTIGATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 3a, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.

3. a.Name 
   Address
   Phone_   Age 55 Occupation Dental   
b. Shape of Object _RND    
c. Color bright white
d. Size (compare to time, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item)
   Approx 1/4 size of baseball
e. Number of Objects _ONE
f. Formation, if more than one SINGLE  
g. Unusual features of object BRIGHT LIGHT EXHAUST VAPOR TRAIL
h. Was there a trail, smoke or exhaust_YES, VAPOR TRAIL
i. What called attention to the observer UFO IN SKY 
j. What angle and elevation was the object on first observation 45° SOUTH
k. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared 28° SOUTH

l. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object STRAIGHT, TO SOUTH

m. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.) FADED FROM VIEW

o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.) 2 MINUTES

q. Time and date of sighting 1932 MAR 8

r. Lighting conditions (night, day, dusk)   DAY

s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.) SOUTH OF PASADENA

t. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.) CLEAR DAY

v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above_NO OTHER INFORMATION

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observation of the object.

AIC (224)

- page 89 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically Project 10073 Record. The document provides details about an unidentified object sighting that occurred on March 30, 1966 in Houston, Texas. The brief summary and analysis section states that the object was first noticed moving straight up at a slow speed and was compared to the size of a dime. No sound was observed.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 March 66 31/02102
3. SOURCE 
Civilian  
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 
5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE 
NW to SE
8. PHOTOS 
0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 Yes
10. CONCLUSION
SATELLITE

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was first noticed straight up moving slow from NW to SE. Compared to the size of a dime. No trail or exhaust aid no sound was observed.

- page 90 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or information sheet titled "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) INFORMATION SHEET".

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 3a, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BQQ.

3. a. Name, Phone, Age, Occupation, Address
b. Shape of Object
c. Color
d. Size (compare to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item)
e. Number of Objects
f. Formation, if more than one
g. Unusual features of object
h. Was there a tail, vapor trail, or exhaust? i. Any Sound
j. What called attention to the observer
k. What angle and elevation was the object on first observance
l. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared
m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to the east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object?
n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.)
o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.)
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.)
q. Time and date of sighting
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk)
s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.)
t. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.)
u. Temperature of day (90°, 90°, etc.)
v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above:

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of this object.

- page 91 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, specifically report number 10073, related to an observed UFO sighting in Houston, Texas on March 31, 1966.

The text from the document is as follows:

DATE - TIME GROUP: 31 March 66 31/10:52
LOCATION: Houston, Texas
SOURCE: Civilian
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 Minutes
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
PHOTOS: No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

CONCLUSION: Astro (Venus), RA21h1, 120 deg azimuth, 15-20 deg elevation.
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object was white in color, appeared to move slowly in the south, disappeared from view for 10 seconds, then reappeared till visible for 30 minutes in the south at 15-20 deg elevation. Determined to be the planet Venus.

- page 92 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a document titled "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) INFORMATION SHEET".

Transcript of the text in the document:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in
regard to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses
to give answers to 2a, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.
3. a. Name Address Age 22 Occupation Clerk
Phone 

b. Shape of Object Light
d. Size (compare to time, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger items) arge
f. Formation, if more than one Single
g. Unusual features of object Red light shearing around it, almost Ike rotating

h. Was there a tail, vapor trail, or exhaust? No 
i. What called attention to the observance Bright light

j. What angle and elevation was the object on first observance 
1. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared

m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and
were there any maneuvers of the object To east

n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.) Disappeared in haze

o. How long was the object visible (3 min, 1 hour, etc.) Sharply diminished 
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.)

q. Time and date of sighting February 28, 1966
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk) Night

s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, 
directly overhead, etc.) South of Houston

t. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.) Clear night

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made
to confirm nor deny the observance of the object.

Astro Dept. 
120 Art Stag Bldg
15-20th St Clng

- page 93 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record documenting a UFO sighting in Houston, Texas on March 22, 1966. The form provides details about the sighting, including the location, source, number of objects observed, length of observation, type of observation, and conclusion. The text on the form is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 22 March 66 0/0002
2. LOCATION: Houston, Texas
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5-10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Observed-visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: After a careful analysis, Jupiter (RA 05.35, Dec -17.7, 270 deg azimuth, 40-45 deg elevation) was responsible for this sighting. The object was round, and white in color, about the size of a baseball. It did not disappear, still in sight when observation was terminated at 1,45 deg above horizon.

- page 94 -

The image contains a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, but there is no photograph present on this particular page.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in
 regard to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses
to give answers to 2a, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.

3. a. Name: ______________ Age: __ Occupation: _____________________
    b. Shape of Object: ROUND 
    c. Size (compare to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item): _______________
    d. Position, if more than one: N/A
    e. Number of Objects: 2-3
    f. Formation, if more than one: N/A
    g. Unusual features of object: LIGHTS came ON and OFF
    h. Was there a trail, vapor trail, or exhaust? NO
    i. Any Sound? NO
    j. What called attention to the observer: LIGHTS FLASHING BRIGHT
    k. What angle and elevation was the object on first observation: STRAIGHT AHEAD, HIGH UP

    l. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared: STRAIGHT AHEAD, HIGH UP
    m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and
      were there any maneuvers of the object: NO
    n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.): STRAIGHT AHEAD
    o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.): 5-10 MIN. 
    p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.): NAKED EYE

    q. Time and date of sighting: 22:00 21 MARCH 1966
    r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk): ALL NIGHT
    s. Geographical position of object (North or South of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.): DIRECTLY OVERHEAD
    t. Weather (clear day, hazy, broken clouds, etc.): HAZY, BROKEN CLOUDS
    u. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.): NORMAL
    v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above: NONE

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made
to confirm nor deny the observance of this object.

Astro-Curia(?)
270-4-12, 65-4-2-20

- page 95 -

