The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a project record from Project 10073, which provides details about a UFO sighting in Wilmington, Ohio.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE : TIME GROUP 28 SEPT. 66  2352
2. LOCATION  Wilmington, Ohio
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE No
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION Unidentified
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observed round-oval shaped objects in the eastern sky. The objects had an apparent ring around them which would disappear, then reappear. The objects seemed to change their relative position to each other, but the observer could not see them again. Observer looked around to see if there could be some plausible answer, but to Clinton County APB was contacted in regards to any unusual sightings, but there were no previous reports. The ATC control tower and FAA reported no unusual observations by their personnel.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The document appears to be a Project Blue Book report or record, detailing some observations or information related to a UFO sighting or incident.

Transcription of the text in the document:

25 sept
Date observation who
Unidentified craft

UFO 71

N 39m 18-21
Altitude 8388 ft
Speed 550 kn
Altitude 25,000 ft
Ground speed 1530 kts
Time 15:35

Photo found can nothin 
Observed 2.15 - Terminated 2.20
386 - 45.20

Addn C C - 3231
Neg 29 stand

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with handwritten text.

29 Sept. 66

Contact was made with Base Operations Clinton County AFB, Ohio. GJGI-Sightlight-2. There was no record of any unusual sightings in the area at about 1530 local, but not three with the control tower. The contact was negative. There were no confirming evidences uncovered in the area of any unusual observations. Contact was made with GGC (2215) Sgt. Simley who stated that there was nothing unusual noted by his installation.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, likely a questionnaire or report related to a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, and this personal information is that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 9-8-66
2. Time of day: 2:30 HOUR 28 MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? HEYWORTH OH Nearest Airport Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 HOURS 22 MINUTES SECONDS
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Carefully estimated 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES NO
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) a. BRIGHT b. HAZY c. CLOUDY
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): 1. In front of you 2. To your left 3. To your right 4. Behind you 5. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Varied

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Dimmer
b. Brighter
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                     Yes    No    Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?       Yes    No    Don't know
c. Move slowly from one place to another?                Yes    No    Don't know
d. Give off smoke?                                           Yes    No    Don't know
e. Change brightness?                                         Yes    No    Don't know
f. Change shape?                                                Yes    No    Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?                                             Yes    No    Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?                                   Yes    No    Don't know

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Gradually or suddenly: Suddenly disappeared from view

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Blank

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: Blank

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: White and light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. How much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Blank

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch and details of the object that you are aware of: shape, proportions, etc., and especially include trails or vapor trails.
[The image shows a handwritten sketch of a cigar-shaped object with a dome-like shape at one end.]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 14-15 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. D. Outside d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country? d. On an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Binoculars Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Wind-shield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Telescope Yes No f. Theodolite Yes No g. Other No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. The object looked like large glowing object, whitish in color. They were oval shaped and hovered in the sky for several minutes. They seemed to maneuver around one another, as if they were maneuvering. They moved very slowly. Periodically they would gain speed rapidly and then slow down again. It was difficult to gauge their actual speed because they did not remain in one position.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a sketch and a compass rose diagram. The sketch shows the path of an unidentified object and instructions on how to indicate the object's position relative to the horizon and compass.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
None

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 47 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Air State Police, Wilmington, Ohio

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The document appears to be part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book, dated September 8, 1966.

OCR Output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  	 8  -  26  -  66
Month  Day  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Several other persons were in this area at the time of the sighting besides myself and T-70 observer. They were also greatly impressed by the unusual objects. While it lasted only a few minutes, time enough to comment on the unusual behavior and characteristics of the objects. There were two objects which seemed to be maneuvering as if intelligently controlled, moving rapidly at times and then slowing down, hovering, and making tight turns. Color was grayish and shape oval or disk-like. Size was hard to determine but appeared to be about 10 feet in diameter. No noise or exhaust was noticed. The objects seemed to be under intelligent control and it left the impression that they were exploring this area, rather than just a natural phenomena. It would not go below the tree line and was estimated to be at 4000-5000 feet altitude. Could not be confused with any known aircraft. If you like, I would wait to wil Lwrite a more detailed description later, but this covers the essential points as I observed them.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

FTD (TDGRG) YAP
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio 45433
30 September 1966

East Liverpool, Ohio 43920

Dear Mr. ____,

Reference your unidentified observation of 28 September 1966. This information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. We request that you complete the attached FTD Form 112 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Capt., USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

