The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which contains a detailed report about a UFO sighting in Akron, Ohio on June 25, 1966.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
25 June 66 26/0300Z Akron, Ohio
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Several Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
W
8. PHOTOS
Yes
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

10. CONCLUSION
Other (BLIN)*

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted very bright, red, white
light resembling an aircraft, coming in
the Akron area from 164°-339°EDT.
This was to far to the east.
Ground observers automobile lights
would change slowly like colors in it.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated October 11, 1966 regarding an unidentified observation made at the Akron-Canton Airport.

OCR output:

OCT 11 1966

Dear Mr. and Mrs. *****

Reference is made to your unidentified observation on June 28, 1966. Contact was made with the Federal Aviation Agency at the Akron-Canton Airport for information regarding this incident. You were observed by the Goodyear Aircraft Company in Akron. The FAA informed us that the Goodyear blirfp was flying in the Akron area around the same time.

We, in turn, contacted Mr. ***** of the Goodyear Company to obtain the following information:

"On June 28, the Goodyear blirfp was flying in the Akron area - 11:30 - 11:50 p.m. The blirfp has the normal running lights that are required by the FAA, and it landed on its home base at 11:50 p.m. The blirfp flies at an altitude of 1,000 - 1,500 feet and the speed is about 50 mph.

We were puzzled that such a craft would be flying at night, but the blirfp was in the air until 11:30 that night. Adverse lighting conditions such as this are often mistaken by persons because of the lighting configuration and because of the relative speed and altitude of the vehicle. You will note that you observed this blirfp, especially since it was in the immediate vicinity and was coupled with the lighting conditions.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force and to assure you we do not reieaoe.

- page 2 -

The image contains no photograph, only text. Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

OCT 11 1966

Dear Mr. and Mrs. _____

Reference is made to your unidentified observance on June 25, 1966, which was made with the Federal Aviation Agency at the Akron-Canton Airport for information regarding the sighting.

The Goodyear Aerospace Corporation in Akron, The FAA informed us that the Goodyear Blimp was airborne during the period of the sighting. 

We, in turn, contacted Mr. ______ for the Goodyear Company and provided the following information:

On June 25, the Goodyear blimp was flying the normal running lights that are required by the FAA and radios with the ground tower. The blimp attained an altitude of approximately 1,000 feet and was in the air until 11:30 P.M.

We were puzzled that such a craft would be flying at night, but the blimp was in the air until 11:30 that night. According to techniques such as this are often made by persons because of the lighting configuration and because of the movement of the craft. Your wife observed this blimp, especially since it was illuminated with the lighting configuration used by the Goodyear Blimp.  

We wish to thank you for reporting your observance to the Air Force and to assure you we do not release information concerning these matters without authorization.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

GEORGE V. FREEMAN, JR. 
CHIEF, CIVIL COMMUNITY RELATIONS DIVISION

MR. & MRS. ----, 
KIRTIAND, OHIO

Sincerely,
GEORGE V. FREEMAN, JR.
CHIEF, CIVIL COMMUNITY RELATIONS DIVISION
OFFICE OF INFORMATION

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, specifically Project Blue Book, dated 23 AUG 1966.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

3D 26-0 1-213 	23 AUG 1966

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) (BLUE BOOK)

1. Attached is a letter signed by 	 , 5406 Ridgeland, Ohio, drawing, received by this District's Detachment Office in Cleveland, Ohio, in accordance with AFR 200-2, dated 20 July 1962.

2. You are advised that this District Office has not contacted the individuals named in this matter.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

FRED H. AYLOR, Lt Colonel, USAF 
Chief, I Division

cy: 3D

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a written document. The text in the document describes an incident where the witness observed some unidentified lights in the sky near Akron, Ohio on June 25, 1966. The document provides details about the witness's observations, including the movement and behavior of the lights. It also mentions that the witness thought the lights might have been a landing craft, but ultimately could not determine what the object was. The text in the document is as follows:

On june 25th (saturday) my husband and I had a very strange encounter in the Medina county area. It was between 10:00 and 11:00 PM and we were out a steady passed of 60 and 70 mph. We saw a clear warm night and the stars were bright.

I happened to glance out the window to my right (east) and just above the horizon I could see very bright white lights. I noticed that there was no airport near the area, because the lights did seem to glance up and go across the sky in an erratic manner. It was lower than the stars in the area. But it was quite a bit further south than we were.

I started watching the road again and the lights winked out. Then again, the lights winked at the same rate (about 500 yards to the right-east) more time. I turned to my husband and said I thought it was landing. I unvoluntly decided it was more light beams coming toward the left (west) in the erratic fashion like one would when one was turned one around. It gave a couple of winks then it seemed to come closer and I turned the radio off to see if I could hear anything. Nothing was heard. I told my husband that it was probably a helicopter or an airplane with all of its lights on and that most of the cars on the road were going at least 70 mph on.

I glanced down to see if there was a clear place to get off the road. It was close, I could see it floating from . as I looked at it. left it right slowly. I rolled down the window to see and smell anything unusual and the area was just as quiet as it always was and my husband said it was probably a helicopter or an airplane with all of its lights on and that most of the cars on the road were going at least 70 mph on.

It was in the shape of a doughnut on its side and had a small red flashing light on it. It did n't way from one side to another but followed us almost at the same speed and altitude as we were going. It seemed to be about the size of a juke box, and you could see all of the colors all of the colors came from our car. I guess we thought maybe it was a plane and it thought the freeway was a landing strip but when we talked this over there did not seem to be all allowance for the wings between the lights and also the landing light is so much larger than this lights.

It followed us at the same speed for about 2 minutes, then it veered (at an angle) whatever motion any higher and I lost it in the trees.

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

August 19, 1966
Mr. 
Kirtland, Ohio

Office of Special Investigation, U.S.A.F.
Detachment 502
Room 615 Building
Cleveland, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I know you probably get hundreds of letters like this every day but you certainly are the best of me. My husband and I were returning home from a trip to Tennessee where we dropped off a son off at camp when this situation happened to us.

We haven't told anyone because we thought they would think we were mentally unbalanced. 

We talked about the happening all the way home and weeks after. The was what did the Police Dispatcher (not police office my name) at the Medina Sheriff's Department, but no one had heard anything about it.

I am not ashamed to call you that we were quite scared when this happened. 

I hope there is some logical explanation for what we saw. If not, I would appreciate it if you would let us know what it was. I wish you could please let us know. Also, we would appreciate it if you would not let too many people know our name.

Phone:

- page 7 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. It shows two elongated, curved shapes with arrows pointing in various directions. There is also a smaller diagram or illustration in the bottom portion of the image.

Regarding the text in the document:

X - blurred out.
1966-06-8281185-Akron-Ohio.pdf8

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

PTD (TSGT) WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433 
7 September 1966

FAA AKRON CANTON AIRPORT
AKRON, OHIO 44305

Dear SIR,

Our office is in receipt of an alleged UFO sighting which took place in the Akron, Ohio area on 25 June 1966. Request is made on account of the witnesses' unusual observation. Request with on - site collection data is pending operating in the Akron, Ohio area. Information would be appreciated if available, positive or negative radar operation of any unknown object. Any assistance you can provide is appreciated.

Sincerely,

DOCTOR GRIFFIN,WILLIAM, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, PROJECT BLUE BOOK
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from a Federal Aviation Agency document with the agency's letterhead at the top. The majority of the page is blank, with only some redacted or blacked-out content visible towards the bottom.

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
(REDACTED)

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be text-based information from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As per your instructions, I will now act as an OCR system and transcribe all the text found in the document:

21 Sept. 66
Contact was made with Mrs. Ohio. A "Goodyear rubber Co. - Akron, Ohio" sign was on 25 June 66 the object was flying in the Akron area between 2100-2330 EDT.
The sign was the normal running lights a that are normally on the plane.
This sign was advertised on a 100 ft long and 14 ft high on the side of the plane. The plane was flying at a fast rate. This plane was flying and departed the lake and was down on the ground in Akron at 2330 EDT.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a UFO sighting report dated June 25, 1966.

TDET/MAJ QUINTANILLA/70916/mda 23 SEP 66

UFO SIGHTING, 25 JUNE 1966

HQ USAF (SAFPIC)

Reference the attached unidentified flying object report from Mr. and Mrs. ______________ on the following:

a. Dear Mr. and Mrs. ______________:

Contact was made with the Federal Aviation Agency at the Airport Control Tower in Akron, Ohio, who confirmed the sighting as reported by the _______________ on 25 June 1966. The FAA informed us that the Goodyear Blimp was flying in the area between 2330 - 2345 hours and was in the air around the time of the sighting.

We in turn contacted Mr. ______________ of the Goodyear Company who provided the following information.

"On 25 June the Goodyear Blimp was flying in the Akron, Ohio area between 2300-2345 hours. The blimp has lights that are required by the FAA, and in addition had attached to it a tow line with 1200 foot string lights measuring 300 feet in length which were illuminated.

We were puzzled that such a craft would be flying at night, but the blimp was the only vehicle flying in the area at 2330 hours."

Persons advertising gimmicks such as this are often mistaken by slow moving of the craft towing the electrical advertising sign. We trust your consideration to this matter.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WARREN S. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
DEPUTY FOR TECHNOLOGY AND SYSTEMS

JAMES MAJ J. QUINTANILLA, JR.
COORDINATION

DATE 26 Sep 66

- page 12 -

