The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a detailed report about a sighting of a UFO near Houston, Texas on May 7, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. D. - - TIME GROUP: 21 55 22/10/52
2. LOCATION: Houston, Texas (5 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: (REFLECTION OF GROUND LIGHTS) Probable reflection of ground lights. Object appeared to change color from red to green. Lights on top and bottom were red and green. Lights appeared to be to the left and right of the object which was estimating to be 30-50 yards. Object was described by the viewer as "dripping light".
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 Hour
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground
8. COURSE: The object was estimated to be stationary, and each and every light was blinking in an irregular sequence.
9. PHOTOS: No
D. VIS.: Dark
FTD 62-29-0329 (TDE)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO information sheet, containing text fields for various details related to a reported unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons considered to be reliable in regard to their observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person did not give answers to 3a, do not complete report.

2. Complete information sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO. 

3. a. Name: [redacted]
b. Address: [redacted]
c. Phone: [redacted] Age: 29 Occupation: [redacted]
d. Size (compare to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger) 
e. Formation, if more than one: ONE
f. Unusual Features of object: ROUND SILVER OR CHROME LIKE IN COLOR
g. Was there a trail, exhaust or haze? NO
h. What called attention to the observer SIGHTED BY CHANCE
i. What angle and elevation was the object on first observance? 45 DEG
j. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared? 30 DEG
k. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west)? TO NORTH
l. Were there any maneuvers of the object? NONE OBSERVED
m. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direct sighting)? DISAPPEARED TO NORTH
n. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.)? 15 MIN
o. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars)? NAKED EYE
p. Time and date of sighting? 6-5-66 10:45 A.M.
q. Light conditions (night, day, dusk)? DAY 
r. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, etc.)? NORTH OF PASADENA
s. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.)? CLEAR DAY
t. Temperatures of day (80°, 90°, etc.)? 90°
u. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above? NONE

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of the object.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page includes a description of an investigation into a reported UFO sighting.

The text in the document states:

INVESTIGATION:
1. Corrections/Additions to Original Report:
a. Size was estimated to be 30-50 feet long.
b. Shape was oval with points at top and bottom, and each end lights were located. 
c. Color of main object was a brilliant white (difficult to change), occasionally changed to orange.
d. Lights on ends were blue and occasionally changed to green.
e. Distance from viewer when first noticed was estimated to be 1 mile.
f. Movement of object appeared to be to left and right, forward and backward.
g. Object disappeared after about one hour by what seemed to be a combination of a forward climbing flight path which resulted in a angle of approximately 45 degrees. Object traveled away from the viewer and the object appeared to break up in one or two parts which were bright lights and were described by the viewer as an explosion.
h. Object viewed through binoculars (7 x 50 power) and was seen by four other persons. No pictures were taken.
2. Weather Conditions:
Wellington weather records revealed that there was an extremely large inversion from 3000 to 5000 feet which was caused by an increase in temperature and a rapid decrease in moisture. This in itself was so strong it caused extensive false echoes on the weather radar. 
CONCLUSION:
The UFO was, in all probability, an optical illusion created by the reflection of lights from the ground off the inversion layer. The object was able to rise at the inversion layer rose when it was effected by the rising sun on the morning of May 8th, 1966 over the body of water (Galveston Bay) east of Houston.

- page 3 -

