The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

TEXT OUTPUT:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 Mar 66 night

2. LOCATION
New York, New York (7 witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian 

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Four

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
7 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
There saw object like an off-white star, began to move and a red light came on, it moved in several directions, then saw a blue-white light on top spinning very fast, and a blue one on the bottom going very slow, later, quite definitely, thereafter, 1 of was sent.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Moving

8. PHOTOS
Ves

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

FTD SF 43-0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter response from Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF, Chief of Project Blue Book, to an individual regarding their unidentified observation on March 25, 1966 in New York, New York.

FID (ITEM)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
24 June 1966

New York, New York

Reference your unidentified observation of 25 March 1966.
The information in your letter was not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached FID form
154 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

OCR text output:

Dear sir:
This letter relates to a matter previously mentioned to the local newspapers. The new developments are that there was a very curious and interesting report received on Monday morning regarding the sighting of a bright object over the city on Friday which lasted only a few seconds. My father told me about this matter as I was not here at the time. 
We are and six others - people that I know to be credible - have all had similar sightings. Taking into consideration the various report from the press, it was definitely looking through the binoculars for some time and they all saw an off white star-like object climb rapidly up and then it disappeared as quickly as it appeared. 
We would appreciate if some efficient action could be taken to determine the cause of this phenomenon as it is a matter of vital concern and importance to the public at large.
Please let me know the results of any investigation that may be conducted.
Yours truly,

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten text along with a simple black and white graphical element.

In several directions, then we seem as blue light on top-Flashing up, going down, then up, then going very slow. Down to the northeast seems to be more constant, then varying in intensity, going up then down, and the direction changed then up again.
After about ten minutes, the thing seemed to be going down, going very low.
There by dense. This matter up to now, I understand, is a correct statement, I want to add: I can't remember exactly all the details.

- page 4 -

