The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a structured form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT NO./RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
18 June 66 19/0310Z
2. LOCATION
Blacklick, Ohio
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
Varied
8. PHOTOS
Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
10. CONCLUSION
(Other) INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to "Dear Sirs" from "WALTER QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF, Chief, Project Blue Book" regarding an unidentified observation that was reported on June 13, 1966. The letter thanks the recipient for reporting the observation and requests that the attached PTD (Project Technical Data) form be completed.

PTD (TDETR) 
TACTICAL DEFENSE APB, OHIO 
3 August 1966

Blacklick, Ohio
Dear Sirs:

Reference your unidentified observation of 13 June 1966. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD form 109 and return it to the address provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

WALTER QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object which you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications which will result from your participation. We assure this personal information as confidential.

1. When did you see the object? 6 June 1966
2. Time of day: 10:00 Hour 10 Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BLACKLICK, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) STILL AS MUCH AS 5 MINUTES
6. How was time in sight determined? 
   a. Certain b. Estimate c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. Behind you d. To your left

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions related to UFO sightings.

8. IF you saw the object AT NIGHT, what did you notice re seeing the STARS and MOON? (Circle One:)
a. None
b. Brighter
c. Dimmer
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? (Circle One:)
CLOUDS (Circle One:)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER: (Circle One:)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One:)
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One:)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to a common object: ______________ 

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One:)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharp, clearly defined 
c. Irregular
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES  NO  Don't know
b. Sudden(y speed up and/or slow down at any time? YES  NO  Don't know
c. Blink on and off or pulsate? YES  NO  Don't know
d. Change course? YES  NO  Don't know
e. Change shape? YES  NO  Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES  NO  Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES  NO  Don't know

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page. 

Performing OCR on the text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
N

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color:

18. As with to know the angular size: Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
A-L

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, portholes, exhaust trails, or vapor trails. 
Place an arrow besides the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
A LIGHT WHICH WAS ABOUT 5 DEGREES, BUT ALWAYS STAYING TO THE LEFT SIDE OF THE OBJECT

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old project blue book UFO report document, possibly containing a questionnaire or survey form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
Yes
No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? PRETTY FAST

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Yes
No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (c 3 c)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West 
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour
24.3 Did you see or were you time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you see any of the following through any optical aid:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

A STAR

- page 6 -

The image contains a diagram with various angles and measurements, as well as a compass-like illustration, but no photograph. The text within the image provides instructions for the viewer, such as placing an "A" on the curved line to show the height of an object above the horizon, and drawing a picture to show the motion of an object or objects.

DATA:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line (skyline) to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90*    75*    60*    45*    30*    15*    0* 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. MORE THAN ONE OBJECT? If you saw more than one object, draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, likely used to collect information about UFO sightings.

TRANSCRIPTION:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
AL

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No  
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
HUSBAND

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: 26   SEX: F
(indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.)

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
May 9, 1966  Blacklick, Ohio

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

18 JUNE 1966
1. WITNESS: 1966-6827-740
5 mi 3602
10 mi 3610
15 mi 3110
20 mi 2940
30 mi 2415
40 mi 2336
50 mi 2236
WEATHER: LOT
LONGER COURSE /10 H 0230
LONGER /10 H CALM
BRAKER /10 H CALM
COOLER /5 H CALM

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, with the handwritten text "James R. Ballantinet, Capt., USAF" in the center of the page.

James R. Ballantinet, Capt., USAF

- page 10 -

