The image does not contain any photographs, only a Project 10073 Record form. I will now proceed to produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP  2. LOCATION
21 Nov. 66 2300Z        Furlong, Penna.    one witness  
3. SOURCE  10. CONCLUSION 
Civilian                 Astronomical?
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 second
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
Eastward
8. PHOTOS
None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

The description is consistent with that of a meteor observation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with the signature of the sender at the bottom.

and Buckingham Valley. I am sending you this report for whatever it may be worth.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing text describing a UFO sighting.

U.S. Naval Air Station 
Willow Grove, Pa.
November 22, 1966

Dear Sirs:

I wish to report seeing what I believe was a UFO. It was last Saturday, November 5th, a few minutes before 6 p.m. I had just let my dogs in the house and stepped out in the yard with them. It was dark and the stars were out. I looked up at the sky over Doylestown and saw a lighted moving object. It was just a little larger than the horizontal pictures of the UFO. There was luminescence in the area around the object. It moved slowly across the sky over Doylestown and vanished to the south taking somewhat the route of 202. No airplanes were in the sky at the time. I'd say the object was about the size of a plane and flying at about the same height. These were just estimates on my part. My first reaction was "a lot of people will see that one", as it was so clear-cut. I have just called the "Intelligences" and they have had no other reports. My dogs showed no reaction, and I was observing alone. I live in the country between Forest Grove and Doylestown.

- page 3 -

