The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which was a U.S. Air Force project to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text found in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 July 65 2830/0302 
2. LOCATION: L. Randolph, Tenn (3 Witnessing)
3. SOURCE: Civilian  
4. TYPE OF OBJECTS: Aircraft (could have been a drone)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 minute
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: Straight
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Probable drone or model aircraft
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noted a high-flying object that appeared to be an aircraft. The object was moving in a straight line at a high speed and was visible for approximately 1 minute. Based on the description, it was concluded that the object was likely a drone or model aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

FROM: Commanding Officer, U.S. Naval Air Station (ER) 
TO: Commanding Officer 3812th Arm'd Wing, APO 23, Memphis, Tenn.
HEADQUARTERS, U.S. AIR FORCE, WASHINGTON, D.C.
SUBJ: Unidentified flying object report of
REF: (a) Copy of Chief, Memphis Tower, FAA, Airport Traffic Control Tower, Memphis, Tenn. ltr of 24 Aug 1966 (with attachments)
Attached is the referenced item. This form letter is used to acknowledge receipt and to provide the following information:
As a matter under your cognizance, for complete investigation and appropriate action by your office, please:
1. Review the enclosures.
2. For comment/recommendations.
3. For receipt/return.
4. For further transmission and return.
5. Returned for reconsideration.
Delete this command from distribution.
Include down-grade authority below in distribution.
Reduce/increase this command's distribution.
Not received. Submit by air mail.
Not received - this command.
Assign appropriate priority or precedence.
Should be assigned a report symbol.
This command has no further interest. Consider closed.

COPY TO: Chief, Memphis Tower, FAA, Airport Traffic Control Tower, Memphis, Tennessee

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a letter from the Federal Aviation Agency addressed to the U.S. Naval Air Station in Memphis, Tennessee, dated August 24, 1966. The letter is signed by James F. Arthur, Chief, Memphis Tower.

The text in the letter is as follows:

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
AIRPORT TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER
P.O. BOX 30901
Memphis, Tennessee

August 24, 1966

Commanding Officer
U.S. Naval Air Station
Memphis, Tennessee

Dear Sir:

In accordance with current instructions which require that all unidentified flying object reports be referred to military officials, the attached report is forwarded for your information and any action you deem appropriate.

Sincerely yours,

James F. Arthur
Chief, Memphis Tower

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report dated August 26, 1966, regarding an unidentified flying object observed in the vicinity of Memphis, Tennessee.

Airforce Traffic Control Tower
Memphis, Tennessee
August 26, 1966

Mr. * * * *
Metairie, Louisiana

Dear Mr. * * * *

This is in reply to your letter of August 19, 1966, concerning an unidentified flying object observed by you in the vicinity of Memphis, Tennessee.

The established procedure for handling UFO reports is to refer them to the Project Blue Book office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. I feel the circumstances warrant forwarding your personal account of this observation directly to the appropriate authorities, and I am doing so.

In your letter you described what appeared to be a brilliantly lighted aircraft at a considerable distance. This is consistent with the information reported by the control tower personnel. They reported seeing an extremely bright lighted object at a high altitude moving rapidly from west to east across the sky. It was viewed as almost directly overhead for a brief period. So far as I have been able to determine, there were no aircraft known to be in the area at that time which could account for the observation.

Viewed from the angle at which you observed it, I believe it would have appeared as described. I have this assumption on the fact that the first sighting is reported in Memphis the control tower alone reported a sighting at about 10:30 PM CST the same evening, of an extremely bright light at high altitude moving rapidly from west to east.

Since I cannot be sure that this was the object you observed, I am forwarding a copy of your report to the appropriate military authorities for further investigation and processing. In view of your officer, I would appreciate it if you would make a copy of your report available to me for my own records.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

the sketches you made of the object. After study I will return them to you.
Your report is appreciated and should be in the Memphis area so the report can be included in the Project Blue Book files as soon as possible. We can try to identify the object as one of the most modern installations of its type in the country, and it may have been the reason for an increase in sightings to this area.
Sincerely yours,
Original signed by
Chief, Memphis Tower
GCT receiving Officer
2nd Svc. AIS Station
Memphis, Tennessee

- page 5 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Federal Aviation Agency
Memphis Airport
Air Traffic Control Tower
Memphis, Tennessee

August 12, 1966

Gentlemen:

On July 27, 1966, at 0135 P.M., while driving on Interstate 55, approximately 20 miles south of Memphis, Tennessee, I observed an unidentified flying object. This object was approximately 200 feet from us, over the highway, at an upward angle of approximately 45 degrees. The object was observed for approximately 1 minute in great detail.

This object was approximately 40-50 feet in diameter, the major portion (being black), with one small red light on the upper left portion. The object appeared to be stationary and maintained this position. The elongated portion was a slightly smaller section of the object, which appeared to be a container from which a sound in shape. This sound appeared to be a glass-like "whooshing" sound, which seemed to have originated from the object.

After approximately 1 minute, the object emitted a light "blink", causing it to temporarily disappear from my view. The motor in my car seemed to be affected at the time, but I cannot state for certain that my car was affected, as I was preoccupied with observing the object. There was no sign of power, such as jets or propellers, and we could detect no noise from the object. We were unable to detect any sound from the object because of the wind noise and the fact that it appeared to be approximately 1 minute, this object left our immediate range of vision.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to show a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document is typed and appears to be a letter discussing a sighting of a craft, with the writer stating that it was not an airplane and that they have made shots of the craft. The writer requests any other sightings or information related to this incident.

Please be advised that immediately after this craft left our sight, it proceeded to make a vertical ascent and was very able to make a sudden departure to such an altitude, and was NOT an airplane of any type known to us. I have made shots which I would be pleased to forward some to you.

In view of the above description, I would appreciate hearing from you as to whether or not this sighting is considered valid. Also, please advise if any other sightings of this nature have been reported to your office.

Thank you for your consideration of this matter.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

