The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a form that was used to document UFO sightings and investigations by the United States Air Force.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6 February 66 - 06/11/52
2. LOCATION: Nederland, Texas
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 - 10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: West
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED

- page 1 -

There is no photograph included in this image. The image shows a document titled "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) INFORMATION SHEET" with various questions and answers regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 3's, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.

3. a. Name: [REDACTED]
b. Phone: [REDACTED] Address: [REDACTED], Occupation: [REDACTED]
c. Shape of Object: CIGAR
d. Size (compare to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item): APPROX 7'
e. Formation, if more than one: N/A
f. Unusual features of object: N/A
g. Was there a trail, vapor trail, or exhaust? N/A
h. What called attention to the observer: WAS QUITE BRIGHT, VERY BRILLIANT
i. What angle and elevation was the object on first observation: UNKNOWN
j. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object: TO WEST
k. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.): TO WEST, FADED FROM VIEW
l. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.): 15-20 SECS
m. How was the object observed (naked eye, binoculars, telescope, etc.): NAKED EYE
q. Time and date of sighting: 1-25-66, 7:15 PM
r. Light conditions (night, dusk, etc.): DUSK
s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, direction overhead, etc.): WEST OF BEAUMOUNT, TEXAS
t. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.): HIGH OVERCAST, COLD

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observation of the object.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

REPORT ROUTING SLIP
TO: Major Leach 27738 Air Force Squadron Operations and Training
PFD (UFMC/UDO), 7 June 1966.
PFD (UFMC/UDO) 20 Jan 55 5-4333 25-70916/76678 DD ef 95

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

The Person,
Department of U.F.O.
U.S.Air Force
Arlington, Va.

Dear Sirs:

Although, the information is several months past due, I hesitated to write to you office for several months. However, I have decided that I must do so because the information, that I have may be of some value to your research.

It may be difficult because of all the bad publicity that a person seems to get when he states what I do not wish to receive any public notice, and which to remain anonymous and not have my name mentioned or make public at any time, and yet I can call on you without much expense to your office. 

My regular day off from work is Wednesday and Sundays, please notify me at least of either when I may talk with two man with some authority in your area, and the other by station. One, a prominent manager in our area, and the other may station.

I hope that this letter will not be received in any other manner, than that for which it is intended.

Respectfully,
[Signature]
Nederland, Texas

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document describing an investigation.

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

INVESTIGATION:

I contacted Mr. [NAME REDACTED], Texas, by telephone at 0545 hours, 6 Feb 1966.

The following is a description of the events as they happened and as described by Mr. [NAME REDACTED]:

On Sunday morning, 6 February 1966, at approximately 0545, Mr. [NAME REDACTED], 11 year old son came through their bedroom on the way to the bathroom and woke up his parents. He pointed out that he could see/notice his parent's bedroom light on from their bed and asked them to get out of bed and look out the window to see if the street lights were also on. 

Mr. [NAME REDACTED] did so and was amazed to find that the lamp in front of his house and the surrounding area was illuminated although it was still dark outside. He then noticed that there were no cars in the area. A few moments later he noticed some peculiar yellowish-reddish lights coming from an object approximately 500 feet above the ground. The lights seemed to be moving back and forth in a horizontal direction and suddenly appeared to be moving quite rapidly in a diagonal direction and in a slow rate of climb. Mr. [NAME REDACTED] observed all of this with his naked eye.

Although Mr. [NAME REDACTED] was very fearful of ridicule from the local populace, he nevertheless had an opportunity to discuss the power failure with a local man who was the power company and determined that the reason for the power outage was that the transformer was located very near to his house and that the failure occurred.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text.

almost at the same time as the sighting of the UFO.
Mr. found it very difficult to describe the UFO and admitted
that he was not very good at drawing pictures but the Air Force felt
that it was necessary he probably could describe it well enough to an
artist so that a fairly representative picture could be prepared.
Mr. was insistent that this was the sighting of any presidents seeing this UFO but
attributed this to the fact that he was very hesitant in mentioning it to
anyone since he definitely does not want any publicity on the sighting.
However, after the sighting he did call one of the UFO units but found that they
County jurisd2.ction did not want to determine if they had been notified and request.
CONCLUSION:
This preliminary investigation did not disclose any feasible explanation for the sighting. UFO sighting. A more detailed investigation and
a personal visit will be accomplished if requested from your headquarters.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

ADDITIONAL INVESTIGATION
29 June 1966

1. Lt. Marley, Project Blue Book, Wright-Patterson AFB, called this date and requested further investigation on balloon launching's to determine if this sighting could be forwarded either by phone or letter.

2. Investigation revealed that no weather balloons were released by the National Weather Bureau (NWB) on the date in question. This information was provided by the Weather Bureau because they thought Lake Charles released high altitude weather balloons about the time in question.

3. Mr. Richards of the Lake Charles Weather Bureau was contacted by phone (31-477-6371) and stated that no weather balloons were released by them other than April 1966 because they were all forwarded to the National Weather Records Center. Although no records were available all indicate that no weather balloon was released at approximately 7:00 P.M. or 6:25 P.M. as stated. The diameter was approximately 6 feet and it stated the its diameter was approximately 5 ft. NWB information indicated a strong surface wind at the time of release and the balloon did not achieve a maximum altitude of approximately 1,000 feet per minute and that winds have very little effect on the rate of climb.

4. Mr. Haggard, Director of the National Weather Records Center, Asheville, N.C. was contacted by letter, all information that his Center has on the release of the balloon in question. Mr. Haggard stated he would see that this was accomplished as soon as possible.

5. Observations made from a map indicate that the UFO sighting location is approximately 52 nautical miles from Lake Charles, La. on an azimuth of 42 degrees.

LAURENCE R. LEACH, JR., Major, USAF

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an additional investigation document. The document appears to be an analysis of a sighting report, likely related to a high-altitude balloon or unidentified flying object.

ADDITIONAL INVESTIGATION
6 July 1966

Attached adiabatic chart received from U. S. Weather Bureau this date. The local weather officer, Major Paul T. Ulrich, was contacted to interpret the information for me. The following information was received from him:

"Assuming the balloon's ascension rate was 1000 feet per minute, the adiabatic chart indicates the balloon had the following flight path during the duration of flight indicated:

MINUTES DIRECTION ESTIMATED ESTIMATED 
OF FLIGHT OF FLIGHT GROUND SPEED ALTITUDE
1 290° 3.NMPH 1000 ft
2 320° 13 NMPH 2000 ft
3 010° 12 NMPH 3000 ft
4 030° 12 NMPH 4000 ft
5 070° 23 NMPH 5000 ft 

CONCLUSION:
The above information eliminates the possibility that the balloon was in the area of the UFO sighting by Mr.___. Since there apparently were no other local balloons released at this time, it appears that this possibility must be eliminated.

LAWRENCE H. LEACH, JR., Major, USAF

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the U.S. Department of Commerce Environmental Science Services Administration in Asheville, North Carolina, dated June 30, 1966, addressed to the Ellington Air Force Base in Houston, Texas.

The text of the letter is as follows:

AIRMAIL

Ellington Air Force Base
2570 Air Base Squadron
Houston, Texas

Attn: Major Leach

Enclosed are copies of the weather records listed below:
WBAN-31A, S & C: Addabatic Charts - Lake Charles, LA.
February 6, 1966 (0215 local time)

These data are furnished without charge.

The Data Processing Division of the Environmental Technical Applications Center in Asheville, North Carolina services all requests to the National Weather Records Center and is the usual channel for providing climatological weather information to military users.
The Chief of the Data Processing Division is cognizant of this request, and has indicated that we advise you of the normal channel for information in the event you have future requests for past weather data.

Sincerely yours,

William H. Klein
Acting Director

- page 9 -

