The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a form filled out to document a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION
ARROYO SECA, CALIFORNIA
10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE
7. COURSE
North
8. PHOTOS
1. Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
1. Yes

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force such information as you can concerning the unidentified flying object that you observed. Please answer all questions as fully as possible. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements. We request that you fill in this personal information as accurately as possible.

1. When did you see the object? 7 SEPT 1966
2. Time of day: 11:20 Minutes: 20 A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? CAMEO, CALIFORNIA
5. How long was object in sight? (Time: Duration) 10 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was the time in sight determined? ESTIMATE
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? A. CLEAR B. CLOUDY
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located in relation to the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right

FTD OCT 73 164 THIS FORM SUPERSEDES FTD 54-L, JAN 63, WHICH IS OBSOLETE.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a written form with questions and answer choices. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice or remember the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
e. Dry
f. Fog, mist, or light rain
g. Moderate to heavy rain
h. Snow
i. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vaporous

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Very or blurred
b. Clearly defined
c. Shimmering

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know 
b. Suddenly increase or decrease in speed at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Suddenly change direction? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off any color or light? YES NO Don't know
e. Change in shape or size? YES NO Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is a government study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
GREW AS MOVED AWAY

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle one): YES NO Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): YES NO Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: WHITE LIGHT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had used this method at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ALL OF IT

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.

(Drawing of an oval-shaped object)

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Yes/No) If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 424 miles per second.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Yes/No) If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile distant or so.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (flying) e. At an airfield f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. Open country (rural) d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over open country? f. Other

24. (If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:) 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle All That Apply) a. Eyeglasses b. Sun glasses c. Windshield d. Window-glass e. Binoculars f. Telescope g. Theodolite h. Other

26. In order that you can give a clearer and more accurate description of the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw, please describe in your own words a common object or objects (such as a plane, balloon, or star) which would give the same general appearance as the object which you saw. (A spherical or round or oval-shaped object with a orange pulsing light, slowly pulsing at an average interval of a second or less.)

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. The sketch includes a compass-like diagram in the top right corner, as well as instructions and space for drawing the path of an observed object. There is no human face or individual that can be identified in the image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text output from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 If 'yes' list their names and addresses:

The name and address information is redacted.

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME - Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS - Street, City, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER - 
AGE - 12 
SEX - M
(Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.)

I have witnessed many things like this before and have no explanation for what I have seen. This was a very strange incident.

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
NO 8004

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: SEPT. APRIL 8, 1962

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I witnessed what I thought was a jet in the U.S.A.F. and the date 1962 as we were a small squadron or unit of 5 persons on a mission of a test run, and this object came down from the sky and hovered over us about 100 yards away. It made no sound and appeared oval shaped. It hovered for about 3 minutes and then took off at a terrific speed and disappeared from sight.

- page 8 -

