The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, providing details about a UFO sighting that occurred on August 9, 1966 in Rossburg, Ohio.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 9 Aug 66 - 2040/4302
2. LOCATION: Rossburg, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (S/P)
OBJECT: Capella - 36° azimuth - 8° elevation.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:  
Object appeared to be round and oval, stationary. Object just faded out of view, observed through binoculars. No sound, no trail, no distortion, no maneuvers. Object was very far away.
7. COURSE: NE
8. PHOTOS: NE
9. INSTRUMENTAL EVIDENCE: NE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire about a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions or publications emanating from this report unless you indicate that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 9 AUG 66 Day Month Year
2. Time of day: 9:52 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near Rossburg, Ohio City or Town Darke County State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Early certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Night CLEAR c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your left rear e. Behind you f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely containing a questionnaire or form for a witness to fill out regarding their UFO sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Many
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Hazy or faint
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Compare brightness to some common object: Appearing somewhat larger than a white paper cup.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp and outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (NO) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (NO) Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes (NO) Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes (NO) Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes (NO) Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes (NO) Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes (NO) Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (NO) Don't know

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs, but rather an illustrated diagram and a form with questions and responses related to a UFO sighting.

Textual content extracted from the image:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Just faded out

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)
Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)
Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: faint
b. Color: reddish white & white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Very far off - about a quarter size of a penny

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving. (Place your sketch inside the dashing to show the direction the object was moving.)
[Sketch of a round or oval-shaped object]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions about an unidentified object sighting.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?                 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any-of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes  No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Telescope      Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars  (Yes)   No
f. Telescope   (Yes)   No
g. Windshield  (Yes)    No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Cloudforms have approximate contour and shape.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a diagram and instructions related to reporting observations of unidentified flying objects.

The text on the page is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°   75°    60°    45°    30°    15°    0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Can't do it

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a form with various questions and fields for the respondent to fill out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS:
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day 8 Month 6 Year 66

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, showing a form with a blank space for the respondent to provide information about their sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 May 1962
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

