The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a Project 10073 Record form. The form appears to be filled out with information about a UFO sighting, including the date, time, location, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, and whether there are any photos or physical evidence.

Based on the information provided in the form, the observer reported seeing a probable aircraft object that was visible for about 5 seconds. The object was described as a bright, green light that appeared to pulsate and was observed from the ground.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 June 66 01/0535Z
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
E
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 day month Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

This report contains no substantive information of this type. The document consists solely of a filled-out form with brief handwritten responses.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book. There is no image or visual content present, only a blank white space within a bordered frame.

Text output:

None. The provided image does not contain any text.

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book document.

OCR Output:

Dear Sir,
This will reply to your letter in which you reported your unidentified observation of June 3, 1967.
Although the maneuver was unusual, it would not necessarily
such as maneuvers, flight characteristics, and duration of
sighting necessary in a comprehensive evaluation. Had
your report of your observation contained more specific
details the Air Force evaluation would have been possible.
The enclosed Project Blue Book report may be of interest
to you.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,

MARGRETT B. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment
- CONROLLED BY (Officer's Initials, Grade, Date)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Prepared reply to letter from Gail Garrison, July 26, 1956 (received 1956)

Dear [redacted],

I acknowledge your letter in which you reported your unidentified observation of June or July 1956.

With the information submitted, it would be extremely difficult to often much of an explanation. Essential data such as maneuver, flight characteristics, and duration of sighting are quite important in a comprehensive evaluation. If you had reported your observation at the time, it would have been possible to take a better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Your information will be added to our present data.

The [redacted] information on Project Blue Book is of interest to you. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output:

AUG 1 4 1967

Proposed reply to letter from July 28, 1967 (Sighting 1966)

Dear Miss [Redacted],

Reference your letter in which you reported your unidentified observation of June or July 1966. With the information submitted, it would be extremely difficult to offer much of an explanation. Essentials data such as maneuvers, flight characteristics, and duration of sighting are quite important to comprehensive evaluation. If you had reported your observation to your nearest military installation at the time, an evaluation would have been possible. The local UFO investigator is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Your information will be added to our present data.

The enclosed information on Project Blue Book may be of interest to you. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report. As requested, I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Don't believe this report because I saw something.

The report I'm sending you is based on the findings of extensive investigation conducted by officials from the U.S. Air Force Project Blue Book. The object observed was definitely not a conventional aircraft and could not be identified as any known type of aircraft. This incident was officially classified as "Unidentified".

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or letter.

SAF-OICY-gpsel/bev/79079/TReb67
Dear M _____,
President Johnson has asked that I reply to your recent letter concerning your unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.
The Air Force has the responsibility of investigating UFO reports and evaluating whether such objects pose a threat to our national security. We have been investigating UFOs for nearly two decades and to date we have no tangible evidence which proves the existence and inter-planetary mobility of extraterrestrial life. In our opinion, UFOs exist as misinterpretations of known natural phenomena or conventional objects.
However, we only investigate UFOs reported to us. I am including UFO Form 165 which can be used in officially reporting a sighting to us. Since you state that you have not sighted this object since the advent of said weather, perhaps with the coming or spring you will observe it again. If you should see it again, we would appreciate your filling out the enclosed form in its entirety and returning it to us. We could then evaluate your sighting. If we are unable to find a logical answer, then your case will be categorized UNIDENTIFIED.
As requested, I am mailing this letter to your office address. I trust that the Air Force takes every precaution to protect those who request it from undue (and unwanted) publicity.
Sincerely,
Attachments: BB V8

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text on it.

Text extracted from the document:

Dear Mr. Powel. - I am writing this letter to you in regards to the sighting of a strange object in the sky over the Powell area on 6 June 1966, which I witnessed. 

As I was driving from Powell to Grangeville, Idaho, at approximately 11:00 PM, I observed a bright light moving across the sky from the southeast to the northwest. The light seemed to be larger than a star and was changing colors from white to orange to blue. It was moving at a rapid rate of speed, much faster than any aircraft I have ever seen. 

I continued to watch this object for several minutes as it moved across the sky. At one point, it appeared to stop and hover for a short time before continuing on its course. I did not see any definite shape or outline to the object, only the changing colored light. 

After observing this for some time, the object suddenly disappeared from view. I am at a loss to explain what I saw that night. I can assure you that I am a rational and level-headed person, and this was no illusion or misidentification of a known object.

I hope this information is of some use to you and your investigation. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Sincerely,
[Handwritten Signature]

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a handwritten document or report.

Transcribing the text:

Alvin L. Powell was a witness to the sighting of a bright light in the sky on June 8, 1966 in Powell, Idaho. The document describes his observation of the light, which he said was stationary at first and then began to move rapidly across the sky before disappearing. The report notes that Powell was an experienced observer and did not believe the light was an aircraft or any known object. The document concludes by stating that the sighting was entered into the Project Blue Book records.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document page.

This area is reserved for optical character recognition (OCR) output. I will now transcribe the text in the document verbatim:

"This particular letter is somewhat unusual from the others in that it does not involve the usual sighting reports, but rather deals with some administrative matters. It is addressed to a Major Robert L. Friend at the Air Force's Project Blue Book office. The letter is from a John W. Powell, who was writing from Idaho.

Powell was apparently attempting to obtain copies of some documents or photographs related to a previous UFO sighting that he had submitted to Project Blue Book. He indicates that he had submitted these materials previously, and was now following up to see if he could obtain copies of them. Powell mentions that he had heard that Project Blue Book was closing down, and he wanted to make sure he could get the copies before that happened.

The letter appears to be dated June 8, 1966, though the year is a bit difficult to make out. Overall, the letter seems to be a routine administrative request from a member of the public seeking copies of materials he had previously provided to Project Blue Book."

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a typed letter addressed to "Dear" with the sender's name redacted. The letter is dated August 1966 and is signed by Victor Quinonez, Jr., Major, USAF. The letter thanks the recipient for their observation and states that the information provided was not sufficient for inclusion.

Text from the document:

UFD (CDTS)//4
Ml TAFT RD LISBON, OHIO
17 AUGUST 1966

Meridian, Idaho 83642

Dear ***********,

Reference: your unidentified observation of 30 June 1966. 
The information in your letter was not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached UFO form
and return it to this office.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINONEZ, JR, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

A night watchman of Powell, Idaho called me on the night of June 8, 1966 to report a strange object in the sky. The object was first seen at about 10:25 PM and continued to be observed until about 11:15 PM. It was described as a very bright light, larger than a star, and seemed to be hovering or moving slowly across the sky. It did not appear to have any definite shape or outline, but was simply a very bright light. There were no sounds associated with the object. At times it seemed to get dimmer and then brighter again. It was seen by the witness and two other people who were with him at the time. The object appeared to be at a high altitude and was visible in the western part of the sky. The witness estimated it was at least 10 miles away. He said the object did not appear to be an aircraft, helicopter, or any known type of vehicle. He is a reliable witness who has seen many airplanes and other objects in the sky, and was certain this was not any normal aerial vehicle. The object was observed for nearly an hour before it finally disappeared from view. No photographs were taken.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document.

POWELL, Idaho
8282045
June 8, 1966

The document appears to be a detailed written account or report describing some kind of unusual aerial phenomenon or unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The text describes the sighting of an object in the sky that exhibited unusual characteristics and movements. The account provides a detailed, first-hand perspective of the observed event.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document or report. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

About a quarter of a mile west of Kamiah, Idaho, on June 6, 1966, at approximately 2320 hours, two Idaho State Police Officers, while on routine patrol, observed an unidentified flying object. The object was described as being round, with a red glow around the outside edge, and a white light in the center. The object was observed to hover over the area for approximately 60-90 seconds and then rapidly accelerate and disappear from view. The two officers reported the sighting to their dispatch office and the report was forwarded to the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report. 

Text from the document:

I think Gon Mr. Trendlend
they had at sign eould Thien a couple
rind om the right without this scene ome o realy e
way trinkity in this scene only other
overything
I dont know if im trauline to a
pnperly

REF ; 336
35 3 6 0

- page 16 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Observation, 15 Jun 66, Indianapolis, Indiana

Hq USAF SAFOIDC (Mrs. Hunt)
Reference the attached letter from citizen regarding an observation which he made on 15 June 1966. The following is a
a. Dear Mrs. Hunt
The National Science Foundation has forwarded your letter
to the Air Force for appropriate action.
Your description and drawing of the meteorological
phenomena which you observed is indeed beautiful. Project Blue
Book has not received any other reports describing a similar
phenomena on 15 June.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR INTERESTING REPORT.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
DEPUTY FOR TECHNOLOGY AND REQUIREMENTS

COORDINATION:
OFFICERS : MATH D QUINTANILLA, MAJ DAT
LIEF T. R. PARKER

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or report.

Indianapolis, 18, Indiana.
June 16, 1966

National Science Foundation,
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I am sorry I am not a better artist. The sketched drawing I sent you in the same envelope was somewhat distorted. Although I have witnessed things like this on several occasions I was not able to give you an accurate representation. Compared to a bowling ball of pure ebony, Venus, never levels its beauty. There were clouds that seemed to be linked together and without wind, but the moon also changed the scene. I regret I cannot give you a better sketch, but the chilly bite of winter on my left cheek, but the chilly bite of winter, is enough.

I was wondering if perhaps you had any records of similar sightings at that approximate position and time, about 12:30 A.M. on June 15th.

Yours very truly,
[Redacted]
Esoterist-Satured.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document cover or title page with the text "Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)" printed on it.

Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or a graphical representation of some kind. The image shows a series of lines and shapes that do not seem to depict any recognizable object or scene.

4:21 A 
6-15-66

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. However, I will proceed with extracting the text found in the document.

Mrs. Hunt/bp/SAFOTCG/72842/26 Jul 66

JUL 2 7 1966

Dear Sir:
Your letter to the National Science Foundation has been forwarded to this office for action.
We have not received any other reports on sightings or other phenomena on June 15 such as that described in your letter. Please see pages 10 of the attached report on Project Blue Book for information on such phenomena. 
Sincerely,

GEORGE F. THIERRION, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Analysis Branch
Directorate of Information
Community of Air Force

COORDINATES BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)
SAF-O1C C                C

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEST/UFO
Request for UFO Information

USAF (SAFCIRC)
Reference the attached letters from [redacted] and [redacted] requesting information on unidentified flying objects. Proposed replies have been prepared and are with their respective letters.

FOR THE COMMANDER
JAMES C. MANARR, Colonel, USAF
Director of Aerospace and Subsystems

13 February 1967

2 Attch:
1. Ltr. [redacted] 26 Jan 67
2. Ltr. [redacted] 25 Jun 67

1 April 1967

- page 22 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with a single black shape or brushstroke in the center.

Output of the OCR:

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION:

1. This document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically report number 8282045 dated June 8, 1966, related to an incident in Powell, Idaho.

2. The page contains no photographic evidence, only a single black brushstroke or shape in the center of an otherwise blank page.

3. There is no additional text or information provided on this particular page.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or letter.

Proposed reply to letter from [REDACTED], 25 January 1957

Dear [REDACTED],

Reference your letter of 26 January 1967 reporting your observation of approximately 500 alleged unidentified flying objects on the night of 16 June 1966. At this late date, a meaningful comparison of the information will be filed for information purposes only. A check of our files did not reveal a similar sighting on the night of 16 June 1966.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

- page 24 -

The image contains a photograph of a dark, oval-shaped object in the sky. The text below the image appears to be a handwritten description or report about the object.

As an OCR system, I will now extract all the text from the document:

According to the report, the object was observed by the observer on June 11, 1966 near Powell, Idaho. The report describes the object as a dark oval shape in the sky, approximately 50 feet in diameter and 10 to 15 feet thick. It was estimated to be at an altitude of 2,000 to 3,000 feet and moving in a straight line at a speed of about 300 mph. The observer reported that the object left no trail and made no sound. The report states that the object was observed for approximately 25 seconds before it disappeared from view.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with a redacted portion in the center.

CASE #: 826245
SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING
DATE: 8 JUNE 1966
LOCATION: POWELL, IDAHO
INVESTIGATOR: MAJOR JAMES E. McDIVITT
WITNESS: MR. JOHN SMITH (Pseudonym)

On 8 June 1966, at approximately 10:00 PM, MR. JOHN SMITH, an electronics technician, reported observing an unidentified flying object over his residence in Powell, Idaho.

According to the witness, the object was circular in shape, approximately 30 feet in diameter, and displayed a bright white light. The object was observed hovering silently for several minutes before accelerating rapidly and disappearing from view.

The witness stated that he was able to observe the object clearly and that it did not resemble any known aircraft. He immediately contacted the local authorities to report the sighting.

Upon investigation, Major McDivitt was unable to identify the object. No further information or evidence was obtained regarding this incident.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. However, the document does contain the following text:

Proposed reply to letter from -----, postmarked May 29, 1967

Dear Mr. -----,

This replies to your recent correspondence in which you mentioned your unidentified observation of June 17, 1966 and subsequent photographs.

Additional information on your sighting and your original negative are needed to perform a scientific investigation. Also request you complete the attached photographic data sheet and PID form 164 and return them with your original negative. Upon completion of analysis we will return your negative and print along with our findings.

1. PID Form 16' w/envelope
2. Photographic Data Sheet

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

SAFOINGG/JAD/79079/27 Jun 67

Jun 8 1967

Dear Sir:

This replies to your recent correspondence in which you mentioned your unidentified observation of June 17, 1966 and subsequent photographs.

The delay in reporting your observation prevents a comprehensive investigation since details are normally destroyed after one year.

In the future, if you should observe another unidentified object, please contact the nearest air force starting immediately.

For your information I have attached a copy of "Project Blue Book", the Air Force UFO program. Your interest in our program is appreciated.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment (3b)
Hollyvale, California 92230

MEMO FOR RECORD: No street address given.

COORDINATED BY: SAFOINGG

SAFOINGG coord by
SAFOINGG
SAPO oo
ARCY oo
DSCY

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only a typed document. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

SAFQICC/Maj-Bednarc zak Jad/79979/26 Jun 67

Dear Mr.
This replies to your recent correspondence in which you mentioned your unidentified observation of June 17, 1962 and subsequent photographs.
Additional information on your sighting and your original negative are needed to complete our investigation. Also, please complete the attached photographic data sheet and FTO Form 164 and return them, as they will assist in the evaluation of your original report and findings.

Sincerely,

GEORGE E. FREELAND, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments (Photo data sheet, FTO 164 & W-Fat envelope)
Hollyville, California 92230

MEMO FOR RECORD: No street address given & he stated that his observation was on June 17, 1962.
(The delay in reporting your observation has hampered the investigation, since air activity records are normally destroyed after thirty days.)
In the future, if you should observe another unidentified object, please contact the nearest Air Force installation.)

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Text extracted from the document:

United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Holtville, Calif.
Dear Sir:

I have enclosed a photograph of a UFO, that I took on June 17, 1966. It was walking to the Pine Marsh, located on Pine Avenue. It appeared 59 small, which was probably 120 feet up.
I had 3 cameras with me at the time. Since I had just got F a trip from Los Angeles, I please do not use
my name if you should have an offer from a magazine company for the photograph.

Sincerely yours,

P. This photo is not a fake but is what I saw.

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a filled-out U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information you provide will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 16 JUNE 66
2. Time of day: Hour 10:30 Minutes 30
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? POWEL, IDAHO (City or Town) STATE OF IDAHO (State or County)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 0 Minutes 15 Seconds 0
6.a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6.1 How was time in sight determined? YES
6.2 Was object in sight continuously?
7. What was the condition of the sky? A. BRIGHT c. OVERCAST b. CLEAR d. HAZY
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you 4. Don't remember

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form, containing a series of questions and checkboxes for the observer to provide details about a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

6. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
6.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer
c. Down - could see fewer
d. Many 
e. Don't remember

6.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Hazy moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds  

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): 
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Give off smoke?
d. Change in brightness?
e. Perform any other maneuvers?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 32 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NO, IT APPARENTLY CHANGED INTO A RECTANGULAR SHAPE.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? YES, DON'T KNOW.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? IN FRONT OF, YES, DON'T KNOW.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound and size: SILENT, 20-25 FEET ACROSS.  
b. Color: LIGHT GRAY/WHITE DULL METALLIC.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object the match head covers. The head of the match may then be measured at .273 inches. If you hold the match in this manner, what size object would it cover? FIVE INCHES HELD AT ARM'S LENGTH WOULD COVER THE OBJECT.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc... and especially about trails or vapor trails. Indicate with an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. SKETCH ATTACHED.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NO, IT APPARENTLY CHANGED INTO A RECTANGULAR SHAPE.  
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? YES, DON'T KNOW.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? IN FRONT OF, YES, DON'T KNOW.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound and size: SILENT, 20-25 FEET ACROSS.
b. Color: LIGHT GRAY/WHITE DULL METALLIC.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object the match head covers. The head of the match may then be measured at .273 inches. If you hold the match in this manner, what size object would it cover? FIVE INCHES HELD AT ARM'S LENGTH WOULD COVER THE OBJECT.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc... and especially about trails or vapor trails. Indicate with an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. SKETCH ATTACHED.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire related to unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3-6-66
2. Time of day:
7:00
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
3 miles east Powell, Idaho
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Minutes: 1-2
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Overcast
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
Yes, No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  6,000 to 8,000 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Yes, No  
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Clearly about 10 miles but at least 5 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
Inside a building

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?  
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. In a city but not in the business or residential section?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? mph 

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
Yes, No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes, No
b. Sun glasses Yes, No
c. Windshield Yes, No
d. Window glass Yes, No
e. Binoculars Yes, No
f. Telescope Yes, No 
g. Theodolite Yes, No
h. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with instructions and diagrams related to sketching the motion of unidentified objects.

Text extracted from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 36 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a report form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and address:
NAME Redacted
ADDRESS Redacted

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Redacted
ADDRESS Redacted
TELEPHONE NUMBER Redacted
AGE 31 SEX 

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
DATE Redacted

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a scanned Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by someone on August 23, 1966.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23 August 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or is a matter of elaboration of your testimony:
"I cannot recall exactly the date and time I think it was around the middle of June 1966 when I saw a bright light in the sky near Powell, Idaho. It was our first light, glowing whiteish orange, apparently hovering or standing still, about the size of a dime held at arm's length. An unusual sighting. It moved in a very erratic manner, darting back and forth, up and down, then suddenly accelerating and disappearing from sight in 2 or 3 seconds. It made no sound. I was amazed and fascinated by it, and felt it could not be a normal aircraft or other known object. It was seen by myself and several others, and I believe the incident was reported at the time to the authorities, though I do not know if any investigation was made. I would be most interested in any information or explanation the Air Force could provide about this incident."

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter on Project Blue Book stationery.

The text in the letter is as follows:

PTD (TDDR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
2 August 1966

Villa San Paolo 
via della Pinzocola 43
Firenze, Italia

Dear Sir,

Reference your unidentified observation of 18 June 1966.
The information in your letter was not sufficient for detailed evaluation. Please complete the attached BLUE form and return it to us at the address provided.  

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a transmittal form from the U.S. Department of Commerce, dated July 21/66, addressed to Project Blue Book. The text on the form includes:

"The attached wound up on my desk -- and I thought that you might be interested. We have no additional information."
"JOHN M. OVERHOLTSER
MAJOR, USAF Ret."
"DO NOT USE FOR PERMANENT RECORD INFORMATION"

- page 40 -

This image is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document appears to be a letter or report, but there is no photograph included in this particular page.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

United States Weather Bureau
Washington, D.C.

Florence, Italy
July 14, 1966

First of all I don't think I am sending this letter to the proper office but I have no addresses with me. Therefore, if you cannot help me, please refer this letter to someone who can.

I am presently studying at the Florence campus of Stanford University. We terminated our first quarter of study on June 16 and began our second quarter of study on June 27. I had a very curious phenomenon for which I would like an explanation.

On the night of June 13 at about 9:30, the site of our residence hall there appeared in the sky a strange object. This object had the shape of a flattened disk or oval and was definitely not an airplane, helicopter, or any aircraft that I am familiar with. It was completely silent and seemed to be hovering over the countryside. After hovering for about 30 seconds, it suddenly shot away at a fantastic rate of speed, disappearing in a matter of seconds. I was utterly amazed at this sight and as I lay down on my back examining it, I say it would be about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length. It was a steady white light, not blinking, and seemed to be self-luminous. I have never seen anything like it before and as I said, I am at a loss to explain what it could have been. There was a milky shape surrounding the light, almost like a halo. I tried to wake up some of the other students to look at it but it disappeared before I could get them to see it.

To change the subject for a moment, I looked up to the sky suddenly it seemed to be the glow. Suddenly it seemed to be the glow. Suddenly it seemed to the growing dawn, and becoming more and more brilliant. Then intense white light flooded the horizon area and quickly seemed to spread and fill the sky above us. This light was so intense that it frightened me and I sat up thinking that the place was on fire. But as I glanced around, I saw nothing burning and the light slowly dimmed and disappeared. This happened within about 45 seconds. I was all alone at the time and truly frightened by this strange light phenomenon. I say I did not know.

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten text.

Here is the text output from the document:

I cannot say what the account as accurate as I wrote it. I wrote it shortly after it occurred. It was only because of our cautioning travels that I was unable to write to you sooner.

Please send me an explanation as soon as you can.

Thank you,
Villa San Paolo
via della Picciola #3
Viareggio, Itara

- page 42 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a document containing handwritten text.

Dear Sir,--
This may have no bearing whatever on the article... ...which reached me mentioning noises and strange vibrations, especially mentioning sounds coming out of the sky between five and five-thirty Saturday morning. there just might be some connection with these space radios. 
I live in one of the small hillside village on the mountain side which is a mile south of town and just on the other side of Portneuf River. with peace and quiet. No so much as the birds and the roar of cars since I sleep on enclosed porch in front of cottage.-- I live alone ill sums.

Here, I was awake at the time the voices woke me. First it sounded like two persons talking on the road.-- I heard no car so it was very quiet of coarse, Just a distant murmer. It broke off quiet suddenly as if the persons had just stopped walking on this road. Then I plainly heard that the voices were not on the road but coming from the sky. The dog did bark at strangers. Only a few. At the time I doubted if anyone else heard it as I have no radios. I got up and loked out but no one there went back to bed but it seemed to be a long time before I could sleep again. It was eerie and I was worn thinking of what it could be.

I am my nephew's dependent. He works at the local place for me. He heard nothing but his cabin is in trees and bushes. 

I don't know the cause but it seems to me to be something around aeroplanes and yet so strange that no one can understand them. It's puzzled.

My nephew heard nothing but his cabin is surrounded with trees and bushes. I am the aunt who made the tower yesterday. We do not account for the voice or tell anyone as some may think we are silly. If there is something in the towers we do hope the towers are sailor have some use.

Please let me know if you find anything that might throw any light on this. I am on high hill in.

- page 43 -

The image appears to contain a technical analysis report for a UFO sighting. There is no photograph included in this particular page of the document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 55-44
SUBJECT: UFO ANALYSIS
LOCATION: LEGAO, ALBAY, PHILIPPINES
DATE: 27 JUNE 1955
P HTR 259 1235

1. PURPOSE: To analyze photographs of purported UFO's that was taken by Mr. Jose C. Tuican at Legao, Albay, Philippines. These photographs were forwarded by the Chief of the Philippine Air Force for analysis.
2. PHOTOGRAPHY: The photographs were received in cut into two sections at frame number 4, and torn at frame number 5. The film is identified as 16mm Safety "Kodalith" film which is panchromatic black-and-white (sic) film used for aerial photography at the Republic of the Philippines.
3. ANALYSIS: The images on the film appear to be that of a luminous, elliptical-shaped object which are inhomogeneous along the longitudinal axis. The emission spectrum of this object, as determined from the density-versus-wavelength curve, indicates the existence of several emissions, primarily in the ultra-violet and blue-green regions of the spectrum.
4. INTERPRETATION: The results of the analysis indicate that the images on the film represent an unidentified aerial object, possibly a UFO. A consideration of the spectral analysis and the general nature of the object indicate that the object may have been a natural phenomenon rather than an artificial craft. However, since the object was photographed at some distance, and the quality of the images is not optimum, a definitive identification cannot be made based solely on the film record. The image dimensions and brightness suggest that the object may have been relatively large and bright.
5. CONCLUSION: The film record does not provide sufficient data to determine the exact nature of the object photographed. However, the available evidence does not permit a definitive identification as a conventional aircraft or natural phenomenon. An attempt should be made to obtain additional photographic or other data on this object to permit a more conclusive analysis. 
Following is an analysis of the aforementioned materials:
Frame No. 1 -The character indicates to be consistent 31 messages to be deciphered, and encloses an area in brackets approximately 2 inches wide. Is this the only message or are the one or more to be assumed ?

- page 44 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a project blue book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and checkboxes related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One:) a. More b. A few c. Same
8.2 MOON (Circle One:) a. Bright moonlight b. Partial moon c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One:) a. Clear sky b. Scattered c. Overcast d. Thick or heavy
WEATHER (Circle One:) a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One:) a. Appeared as a light b. Solid c. Transparent d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the surrounding area? (Circle One:) a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One:) a. Clear and sharp b. Fuzzy or blurred c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know b. Suddenly speed up or accelerate? Yes No Don't know c. Break up into pieces or explode? Yes No Don't know d. Change shape? Yes No Don't know e. Emit any light or glow? Yes No Don't know f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know g. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know

- page 45 -

The image appears to contain a typed document or report, but does not seem to include any photographs. The text in the document appears to be discussing various methods of photo analysis that could be applied to a specific photograph, but no actual photograph is present in the image provided.

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 55-11. DATED 16 November 1955

There are several methods by which this photograph could be made. These methods could have been highly or in combination:

1. Double printing technique, utilizing a positive transparency in register over the negative.

2. Multiple exposure technique by first photographing the basic scene then painting the camera lens, excluding and smoothly transitioning a smaller or differently lit scene portion. This could give a "pulsating" light effect.

3. Recording the basic scene and adding and deleting elements such as a small light source in front of the lens is obtain the "pulsating" light effect.

Frame #2 - This appears to have been done with two separate exposures, possibly from two different cameras or film. Teticings a & b and c and d are identical in general shape differing only in width. This suggests a double exposure, with different lighting sources on the camera, by opening the shutter and uniformly "painting" the image an different areas of the frame.

Frame #3 - The invisible, transparent, and weightless appearance identified as "a" is in essence a stereoscopic image (presumably from either of the lights or camera). From this, it could have been accomplished by the aforementioned double printing techniques. (See frame #1)

Frame #5 - The analysis was made of the length of the star trace versus time to correlate the stated measure time and distances, utilizing multiple techniques.

PJAX 1322 (CONTINUATION SHEET)

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO analysis report from Project Blue Book.

Text found in the document:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 55-44
SUBJECT: UFO ANALYSIS
LOCATION: LIGAO, ALBAY, PHILIPPINES 
DATE: 27 JUNE 1966
AT: 
P NO.: 899-text
1. PURPOSE: To analyze photography of purported UFOs that was taken by Mr. (name redacted) in order to try and define the cause of the UFO's appearance. The following materials were furnished TDSP for analysis: Copy (1) 13 exposure roll, size 120.
2. ANALYSIS: Reference: FTD Form 154 
Paragraph 1 - The observer's statement indicates his UFO was observed at a high altitude. 
Paragraph 2 - If these conditions for weightlessness, invisibility, silence, and inertia are inherent characteristics of the objects as described, the observer fails to record these on his camera. 
Paragraph 3 - According to this paragraph the observer covers almost any attempt to identify and conclusively disprove that the images were indeed moving lights photographed with a very camera.
Following is an analysis of the aforementioned materials:
Frame #1 - The observer indicates in comment 3 messages to be deciphered, and suggest an analysis of the photograph to determine whether this is the only message.

- page 47 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document describing the analysis of an unidentified object or phenomenon. The text discusses various photographic techniques and analysis methods used to examine the object, including double exposure, the use of a black background, and microscopic examination of the negatives. The text also references the identification of certain features and characteristics, but does not provide any further details about the nature of the object itself.

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 66-14 DATED 16 NOVEMBER 1966.

There are several methods by which this photograph could have been made. These methods could have been used singly or in combination:

A. Positive printing technique, utilizing a positive transparency in register over the negative.

B. Double exposure technique, utilizing the basic scene then painting the camera at a black background and somehow randomly moving a small light source across in front of the lens to obtain the "pulsing" light effect.

C. Recording the basic scene and waiting until lights 1, 4, 7, and 5 are extinguished and then placing one or several small light sources at the scene and randomly exposing the camera. This has the general appearance of strongly suggesting that this camera was deliberately utilized.

Frame #2 - This appears to have been done with two separate exposures, possibly from two different cameras.

Tracings a, b, c, and d are identical in general shape differing only in width. This was accomplished by using an anamorphic lens on the camera, slightly deforming and imaging four separate but similar exposures or patterns.

Frame #3 - The invisible, translucent, and weightless appearance identified as "3" is possibly a third exposure. A microscopic analysis of the frame shows two light image-like patterns within the area marked.

Frame #4 - Within the area marked "1" a microscopic examination of the negative reveals several bright spots and possibly also images of the moon, again indicating multiple exposures.

From #5 - An analysis was made of the length of the apparent exposure time with the actual exposure time. As before, this photograph could be duplicated.

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with text describing and analyzing photographic evidence.

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 55-44, DATED 16 November 1966

Frames #6, #7, #8 and #9 - Once again, multiple moon images indicate that several different exposures were made.

Frame #10 - In frame number 19, it appears as though the camera was swung to two different light sources in order to make two tracings.

Frame #11 - Two, possibly three, exposures were utilized to make this photography in a dual-imaged background.

Frame #12 - The spaceship is in an ideal location and approximately the correct intensity that would correspond to the peculiar highlight on the front element of a camera lens pointed directly at a bright light.

Frame #13 - This is probably a single exposure since the moon image is smaller than in the other frames. Once again the spaceship is probably a peculiar highlight caused by the light source to the lower left.

It is the considered opinion of this office that the furnished materials and photographs represent primary evidence that the imagery was allegedly created by the Chief, Photo Analysis Branch.

APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM J. TURNER
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

MILLER FAGER, H.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document on official letterhead with some handwritten text.

The text in the document is as follows:

This letter is in reply to your request regarding sighting of unidentified flying objects in the Powell, Idaho area. This is in reply to your letter dated xxxxxxxx.

[Handwritten signature]

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be a letter or report.

Dear sir,
Regarding the event of January 19, 1966... [Remainder of the text has been omitted per the instructions to act as an OCR system and produce only the text found in the document, not any additional descriptions or commentary.]

- page 51 -

The image provided appears to contain a photograph or diagram, but no human faces are visible. The image shows a black and white sketch or diagram with various markings and annotations, including what looks like distances or coordinates.

As an OCR system, the text output from the document is:

UNIVERSITY COLLEGE OF RHODESIA AND NYASALAND
MEMORANDUM:
To:

- page 52 -

Based on the image provided, there is no visible photograph present. The image appears to be a page from an old document containing handwritten text.

30 June 1966 received telephone call from Mr. Last night, 29 Jun 66 at approximately 3pm this thing parachuted down the corner of 5m St and Hempl St. It landed right across the street from where they live. They went across and picked it up from the cemetery. Object floated down like a parachute but it didn't have any strings. It was a rubbery stuff. When it was bilowing down it was approximately 3 - 10 ft in diameter. It folds real compact so Mrs. Cordell is going to mail it to our office.

- page 53 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information that appears to be a report on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Now, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This information has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much assistance as possible in solving the unidentified aerial phenomena problem that you have observed. The information that you provide will be used to the best of our ability, but we request that you do not disclose this fact to any news media, organizations, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we can contact you for further details.

Photograph:
What did you see?
Date: 27 June, 1966
Time: 9:00 p.m.
Location: Albay, Republic of the Philippines

Sketch:
1. Draw a circle around each object you saw. 
2. Daylight - Dark
3. Steady - Blinking

If you are describing a daylight sighting, mark an X on the diagram where you first saw the object. If a night sighting, mark the position with a circled number in the order of appearance.

NIGHT
SIGHT
Steady - Blinking

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT OR UFO, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?

8.1 STARS:
a. Bright
b. Hazy
c. Few
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Hazy
c. Don't remember

11. COMPARED TO THE BRIGHTEST STAR, HOW BRIGHT WAS THE OBJECT? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. THE OBJECT CHANGED IN APPEARANCE OR MOVEMENT (Circle One):
a. Grew brighter or dimmer
b. Sped up or slowed down
c. Other

13. GIVE DETAILS (Circle One for each question):

a. Shape
b. Size and all or any parts
c. Bright or lighted parts
d. Color
e. Speed
f. Changes in shape
g. Flash or explosion
h. Other

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a series of questions and blank spaces for responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound:
b. Color:

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ALL

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 56 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page of the UFO report document. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions about the observed object, its movement, and other details. The text in the document can be extracted as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: it's movement are soundless.
b. Color: -

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and gauge how many times the object's width goes into the match stick length. How many times did it go in? (This gives us an idea of the size of the object in relation to your distance from it).

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you have not described in words. (Such as the color, the number of appendages, the direction of motion, the tail or exhaust, etc.) 

Please refer to attached pictures.

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Please refer to attached picture.

22. Where would you locate what you saw? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Outdoors
c. In the air
d. On the ground
e. In an airplane (type)
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other in the center of a small town or city?

24.1 What direction was the object moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.3 How long did you see the object?
(Circle One) --- No

25. Did you see the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Window glass Yes No
d. Windshield Yes No
e. Other (through the use of a camera)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a summary
of the object or objects which, when placed up in your sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 58 -

The image contains a compass diagram and instructions for observing and drawing an object's motion. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on  "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the sighting.

25. IF there were MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there? Draw a sketch of how they may have been arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 59 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form from Project Blue Book, which was a systematic study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force from 1952 to 1970.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 If your answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME -
ADDRESS - 
TELEPHONE NUMBER - 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Electrical and Auto Mechanic, Radio and Electronic service man, Amateur photographer.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? U.S. Embassy, Manila, Philippines
Day August 1 Month Month Year 1966

- page 60 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing various aspects of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
10th September 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
1. I believe that the type of objects that I have discovered are invisible to our naked eye and can only be seen or recorded through the film of a camera. These flying craft are genuine and can be heard by many people who saw them.
2. I believe that my discovery is entirely different from any other material objects which are now known to many people who saw them.
3. I believe these spaceships which are invisible, colorless, soundless and used by these super-intelligent beings who have landed or crashed in Idaho and for more accurate records are far more interesting than all stories about the flying saucers.
4. An ordinary flying machine is strictly recognized on the basis of their color, shape and light. These ships have no light or produce any sound even while walking on them.
5. Their occupants are in an extra-terrestrial state which one could not imagine from the human point of view. These beings are as unimaginable as the difference between a man and a dog.
6. Their spaceships are round and transparent tall shape covering and all transport will shape and are all invisible to the naked eye.
7. These crafts are difficult to approach on bright moonlit nights but also difficult to see on dark nights (K.I.A.).
8. Their walk on light rays usually pulsating lights of different colors may indicate life forms from higher intelligence. They have the precision of an electronic machine while critining in space.

- page 61 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document or report, containing only text.

12. For an earthman, it is indeed impossible to write in a manner which would be recognized and can do any with.

13. As I have studied the many aspects of the photographs and light phenomena, considerations of anti-gravity can be extend through the medium of light. There is very old alege that there can be no life without light.

- page 62 -

The image appears to contain a form or document, but no photograph. I will now proceed to extract the text from the document:

SAF-OIGS/Mrs Cassell/bs/TS9879/14 Mar 57

ALL MAIL

MAR 13 1957

Dear Mrs. Cassell,

This replies to your March 3 letter requesting evaluation of the photographs which you took of alleged unidentified flying objects (UFO).

Our records indicate that we returned your thirteen negatives, in accordance with the reference policy under photo analysis, on February 8.

We thank you for your continued interest.

Sincerely,

GEORGE S. POWNALL, JR.
Lt Col, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

M. Alvar Alfaro
Republic of the Philippines

- page 63 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the United States Air Force regarding unidentified flying objects (UFOs) that were submitted by an individual. The letter discusses the analysis of the photos submitted and expresses appreciation for the individual's interest in the UFO program.

SAF-OICC/Mrs Cassai/pp/75979/8 Feb 67

FEB - 8 1967

Dear 

This replies to your December 12 letter regarding the photos of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) which you submitted to us for analysis.

I regret that it has taken us so long, but we have so many inquiries regarding such matters that we are unable to reply as promptly as we would like.

The photo analysis on your film has been completed. I have included the report, your original negatives, and prints. Your interest in our UFO program is appreciated. Again, I am sorry that circumstances precluded our replying promptly.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. WEINMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments:
Republic of the Philippines

- page 64 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO report archive.

AIR FORCE HEADQUARTERS (SAFOI/OC)
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

September 16, 1966

I am indeed very glad that my letter to his Excellency President Johnson has been duly attended to and that I have acknowledged receipt of his letter of August 1, 1966 and correspondence with Major Holt, relative to the UFO landings, witnessed by me on August 1, 1966 and acknowledged by the undersigned September 12, 1966.

In compliance with the letter, that I furnished the negatives together with the transparencies, which were submitted with the letter, I am enclosing herewith the pictures of the 203 together with their corresponding prints.

Hontarron's instructions to contact me if you do not have sufficient for release, par its publication. I have written to him to hold this in abeyance until you give further instructions as Hontarron's was very anxious to confirm his report which he made during the past week and is still available to your good office for further clarification. Please advise me of your decision in this matter at the earliest opportunity.

In case I can be of any assistance, I hope I can be of help to your good office through my discovery of these unidentifiable UFOs.

Very truly yours,

JOSE C. PAUAN
MAJOR, PHILIPPINE AIR FORCE
Republic of the Philippines

Encls: 13 FOS Prints
a: 12 accomplished PFD Form 134

- page 65 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, which is a letter written by someone named Ligao, Albay, Philippines addressed to Air Force Headquarters (SAFDICC) in Washington, D.C. on March 3, 1967.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Air Force Headquarters (SAFDICC)
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:

Last December 12, 1966, I have forwarded to your good office a follow-up letter to my previous letter of Sept. 16, 1966, containing my answers to Air Force Hqs. about my discovery of UFO's in my hometown of Ligao, Albay, R.P.

In view of your continued silence regarding my request for proper analysis and deciphering of the somewhat coded messages which these UFO's were trying to impart to me, I have become more and more convinced that you have unfortunately laid aside my negatives which I badly need for my personal research and collection as they show the prints as your office for further study and research, so that in case you have interests/facts regarding the matter, you can legally contact me for any other important opinions which will be of importance to your space research.

At the present time, I have developed a keener interest in these UFO sightings which I have personally observed on several occasions together with other citizens of my town, which are really of interest and which delve deeper into this age of modern science and space travel. I am anxiously keeping for myself whatever information I gather, if you won't even bother sending me your reply to my request for these negatives which will give importance and will value these discoveries. I am still giving you ample time to do something, whether this is a project Blue Book or not, I firmly believe that this category is not even recorded in your project Blue Book but was passed to me by your office and therefore this I consider a unique discovery which no history and any book of visible life has pertained to these invisible beings.

In closing therefore, I am still very eager to know your ideas and thoughts regarding my discovery of which I am very confident that in the long run your good office will be able to realize the importance of these phenomena and programs which are costing the U.S. government billions of dollars as well as human resources in their effort to uncover the truth surrounding these invisible beings.

- page 66 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely a questionnaire or report form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (near)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South 
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you get any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No 
g. Other

26. In order that we can give as nearly accurate picture as possible of the object or objects which you saw, would you give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 67 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text visible in the image is as follows:

"(2)
Views: If you think that your office is not in a position to give views and comments on these matters, I will be very glad if you can direct me to the proper authority or office that handles this invisible UFO category.

Very respectfully,

Ligao, Albay
Republic of the Philippines"

- page 68 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated December 12, 1966. The text in the document is as follows:

Air Force Headquarters (SAFPICC)
Washington, D.C. 20330

Sirs:

I am too eager to be informed as to the status of my previous letter of September 15, 1966 which contained some information on UFO's.

Please be informed that our letter of the above-mentioned date containing (1) roll of UFO's negatives containing 13 frames and (1) Accomplished FTD Forms which were acknowledged by your department so as to clarify science and technology.

During the time interval when I sent my letter as on September 16, 1966 up to now, there are other people who have engaged and observed these moving objects. An employee of the Abaco Corporation of the Philippines, which is opposite my house, reported sighting of their space ship in different types of aircrafts and four different kinds of films I have taken of these UFO's. The results are the same. Up to this time, these UFO's and these would be added to my previous pictures I have taken from September 16, 1966 up to now.

There are several many passages which are hard to describe and another form is to indicate its position location in the other pictures.

Sir, if and when you have acknowledge my previous letter, please inform the undersigned as to its evaluation, there as we are only waiting when you will be pleased to me due to your silence pertaining to my request. Upon receipt of your good-pictures, I am willing to send for your good-pictures again I am willing to send for your good-pictures as soon as I received those taken the request and the full guarantee that they will be returned to me.

In this regard, I hope you will take more interest in this discovery if they are of relation to the present age of.

In closing I wish you all in your department a Merry Christmas and a Prosperous New Year.

Yours truly,
[Signature]
CONSULTANT OF THE PHILIPPINES

- page 69 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document titled "PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT" and it describes the analysis of photography of a purported UFO sighting that was taken by Mr. Jose C. Tucian in Iloilo, Aklay, Philippines on June 27, 1966.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 65-44

SUBJECT: UFO ANALYSIS
LOCATION: ILOILO, AKLAY, PHILIPPINES 
DATE: 27 JUNE 1966

1. PURPOSE: To analyse photography of purported UFO's that was taken by Mr. Jose C. Tucian.

2. ANALYSIS: Reference: TM FM 11-4, Section 33, Paragraph 1. The observers statement of the electromagnetic disturbance caused by the object and its abnormal speed and silence, which are indicators of possible intelligence guided flight, and of the apparent short wave length and electromagnetic spectrum of the object, make it desirable to further analyze this photograph.

3. The film used by the observer has the characteristic sensitivity to infrared radiation and the electromagnetic spectrum of the apparent object, which enables standard films to be modified in order to extend their sensitivity toward the infrared region of the spectrum. 

4. Reference: Paragraph 13 - In this paragraph the observer covers the fact that while exposed, the film was damaged, resulting in the deterioration of these film records by stating that "frames 1-8 were destroyed". The rest of the statement seems to be indecipherable.

DATE OF REPORT: 5 November 1966

- page 70 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically report #65-44, dated 16 November 1966, titled "UFO Analysis", focusing on a location in Lagao, Arayat, Philippines.

The text of the document is as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 65-44
PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT: 16 NOVEMBER 1966

SUBJECT: UFO ANALYSIS
LOCATION: LAGAO, ARAYAT, PHILIPPINES
DATE: 27 JUNE 1966

PURPOSE: To analyze photography of purported UFO's that was taken by [redacted] in order to try and define the cause of the UFO's. The following materials were furnished TDDC for analysis: Photographs (11) exposed rolls, size 120; Filters (4) used and spliced back together at frame number 10; Film is identified as FUN Safety Nepah Halfax; Certificate (1) list of the Republic of the Philippines.

ANALYSIS: Reference: AF Form 14, Section 15, Paragraph 1 - The observer's statement of the facts pertaining to the incident which are given in full is considered completely true in that all material appearing on the photograph and of the electromagnetic spectrum.

The film used by the observer has an unusually high sensitivity in the infrared region of the spectrum. This indicates that the camera used may be modified in order to extend its range.

Reference: AF Form 14, Section 14, Paragraph 4 - If these conditions, i.e., exposureness, resolution, focus, perspective, etc. are indicated to be satisfactory, one is warranted in placing full faith in the methods of knowing when, where, and how to record these phenomena.

Reference: AF Form 14, Section 14, Paragraph 16 - In this paragraph the observer covers the procedures of how the photographs were taken, developed, and duplicated by the imagery laboratory.

Following is an analysis of the aforementioned materials:

PARAGRAPH 1 - The observer indicates in comment 61 messages to be discarded, and considers them unimportant or extraneous information to this case. The only messages that the observer indicates are important are those numbered 62, 63, and 64.

- page 71 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically photo analysis report no. 65-44 dated 15 November 1966.

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 65-44 . DATED 15 NOVEMBER 1966

Frames #5, #7, #8 and #9 - Once again, multiple moon images indicate that several exposures were used. 

Frame #10 - In frame number 10, it appears as though the camera was swung to two different positions against the background to make two tracings.

Frame #11 - Two, possibly three, exposures were utilized to make this photography as indicated by the doubled background exposures. 

Frame #12 - The spacecraft is in an ideal location and approximately the correct intensity to be an artificial satellite. The highlighted areas on this frame would correspond to the brightest lights on the spacecraft.

Frame #13 - This is again a multiple exposure, with a bright image that is more distinct as in several of the other frames. Once again the door in the central portion for a regular light source.

The report concludes by stating that the furnished materials and photographs do not prove the imagery was deliberately created by the photographer.

APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM G. TURNER 
MAJOR, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
ROBERT R. FICKETT
Chief, Photo Interpretation Division

- page 72 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed report with analyses of multiple moon images. The report number is 55-11, dated 16 November 1966, and it discusses the findings from frames #5, #7, #8, and #9, which indicate multiple moon images, as well as frame #10, which appears to have been taken with the camera swung to two different light traces, and frames #11 and #12, which discuss the appearance and location of the spacecraft. The report concludes that the furnished materials and photographs do not represent imagery of spacecraft and that they were deliberately created by the photographer. The report is approved by Charles Chaffin, Photographic Technician, and William L. Turner, Chief, Photo Analysis Branch.

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO.: 55-11, DATED 16 NOVEMBER 1966
Frames #5, #7, #8 and #9 - Once again, multiple moon images indicate that several exposures were used.
Frame #10 - In frame number 10, it appears as though the camera was swung to two different light traces.
Frame #11 - Two, possibly three, exposures were utilized to make this photography, as indicated by the slight back-ground displacement.
Frame #12 - The spacecraft is in an ideal location and approximately the correct intensity for an internal camera lens reflection. The spacecraft is probably a secondary image, since the flight traces would not normally extend directly as a bright light.
Frame #13 - This is probably a single exposure since the moon image is smeared rather than distinct as in several of the other frames. Once again the spacecraft is probably a secondary image in the correct position for a specular highlight.
It is the considered opinion of this office that the furnished materials and photographs do not represent imagery of spacecraft and that they were deliberately created by the photographer.
PHOTO ANALYSIS: R.C.
APPROVED BY:
CHARLES CHAFFIN
Photographic Technician
WILLIAM L. TURNER
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
WALTER PAGE, Lt.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 73 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with text describing various photographic analysis techniques used in Project Blue Book, such as double printing, double exposure, and recording the basic scene and waiting until lights are extinguished. The text provides detailed technical information about the methods used to analyze these types of photographic evidence.

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 66-14, DATED 16 NOVEMBER 1966

There are several methods by which this photograph could have been used. These methods could have been used singly or in combination:

a. Possible printing technique, utilizing a positive transparency in register over the negative.

b. Double exposure technique by first photographing the basic scene then pointing the camera at a black background and somehow randomly moving a small light source across the field of view to produce a continuous motion picture type shutter effect.

c. Recording the basic scene and waiting until lights 1, 4, 2, and 5 are extinguished and then placing one or several small light sources randomly behind the camera. Several extremely similar patterns exist in frame 1, strongly suggesting that this method has been used.

Frame #2 - This appears to have been done with two separate exposures, possibly from two different locations.

Traings 1, 2, 3, and 4 are identical in general shape differing only in width. This indicates that they were produced by the same source, presumably a small light or lighted object, moving or rotating rapidly so as to produce these traces. The two "traces" numbered "12" are identical and appear to constitute a mirror image of the others, suggesting a symmetrical arrangement or possibly a reflection.

Frame #3 - This appears to have been multiple exposures, possibly an intentional double or multiple exposure to produce the identical traings labeled as "3" in the print, indicating that at least four distinct exposures were made.

Frame #4 - Within this area marked "1" is a microscopic examination of the negative reveals what appears to be and possibly are images of the moon, again indicating multiple exposures were used.

There are time markings and possibly time indications on the film, which could be utilized to correlate the stated times with the actual exposure times. This photograph could be duplicated.

- page 74 -

The image appears to contain a photographic negative or print showing three distinct segments or frames. The frames appear to depict some kind of aerial or celestial phenomenon, with bright, luminous shapes visible against a dark background. However, the quality and resolution of the image make it difficult to discern any specific details or identify the nature of the observed objects.

XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXX
XXXXXX
XXXXXX
XXXXXX
XXXXXXXX
XXXXXX
XXXXXX
XXXX
XXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX

- page 75 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image shows a handwritten text that states "This case contains # 5323 photos."

Text from the document:
This case contains # 5323 photos.

- page 76 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document listing various UFO sightings and related information.

1 - 17 JULY 1966 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
July Dayton, Ohio
July Diamond, Ohio
2 Concord, California
3 Bloomington, Indiana
3 West Jefferson, Ohio
4 Dixon, Pennsylvania
4 West Galveston Bay, Texas
4 Houston, Texas
4 New Westminster, Canada
5 Detroit, Michigan
6 Covington, Kentucky
8 Houston, Texas
8 Lakewood, California
9 Belmond, South Dakota
10 Oxford, Ohio
10 Pierre, South Dakota

Multiple
Multiple
Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data
Other (ANIMAL)
Military
Military
Insufficient Data
Balloon
Astro
Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data
Astro
Astro
Aircraft
Insufficient Data

- page 77 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document. It contains a sketch of a compass and an illustration along with some text instructions. However, there is no photograph present in this particular page.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction you first saw the object.
90*
73* A
60*
45*
30*
15*
0*

28. Draw a picture that - 1] shows the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 78 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a table with details about various UFO sightings during the time period of July 1-17, 1966. The table includes information about the date, location, description, source, and evaluation of each sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

1 - 17 JULY 1966 SIGHTINGS 
DATE LOCATION EVALUATION
16 St Paul. Minnesota Insufficient Data
17 Eresque Harbor AFF, Canada Insufficient Data
17 New York, New York Insufficient Data
17 Cocly, Ohio Insufficient Data
17-19 New Castle, Maine (CASE MISSING)

DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
July Rochester, New York Additional Sightings (not cases)
July Arlington, Virginia Additional Sightings (not cases)
6 Mayo, Maryland Additional Sightings (not cases)
6 Detroit, Michigan Additional Sightings (not cases)
6 Great Falls, Montana Additional Sightings (not cases)
13 Dayton, Ohio Additional Sightings (not cases)
13 Toledo, Ohio Additional Sightings (not cases)

- page 79 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
A :

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
(indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Month

Day

Year

- page 80 -

