The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 30 May 66 21/0215Z
3. SUBJECT Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 2 or 3 different
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Daytime
7. COURSE W to E
8. PHOTOS ? Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE ? Yes
10. CONCLUSION 
1. Possible (SATELLITE)
2. AIRCRAFT
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
A high pitched tone, something like a jet only not so loud. Real white or greyish glowing lights. Observed, noticed the one object went out of sight, another appeared from another direction. Second object was going faster than a jet travles.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text on the page is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 July 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The massive sighting which occurred was the object which was first seen as a slight glow in the distance and as it came closer it increased in size and luminosity. It seemed to be a very large circular object with lights which changed in color from red to blue to white. It moved very slowly at first and then seemed to accelerate as it went out of sight. The object was observed for a period of about 5 minutes and was seen by several persons in the area. The other object or objects were not seen until after the large circular object had disappeared. I would say the sighting was an extremely unusual one and very difficult to explain. I certainly do not have the answer and would be very interested to hear the other reports and findings on this incident. Thank you.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Air Force's Project Blue Book, responding to an unidentified observation report from May 22, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

FTD (ITEM)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
1 July 1966

[Address redacted]
Dayton, Ohio 45403

Reference your unidentified observation of 22 May 1966. 
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Therefore, you complete the attached FTD
Form 154 and return it to this office as soon as possible.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to 
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JT., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely relating to a UFO observation report.

Using OCR, the text in the document reads:

"HND (DREV)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
1 July 1966

Dayton, Ohio 45410
Reference your unidentified observation of 22 May 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Forms 164 and return them in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book"

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten letter from Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr. of the U.S. Air Force, who was the Chief of Project Blue Book, addressed to someone in Waynesville, Ohio regarding an unidentified observation reported on May 30, 1966.

The text of the letter is as follows:

PTD (TETR)
Waynesville, Ohio 45069  
30 May 66

Dear 

Reference your unidentified observation of 30 May 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFTO Form 164 and return it with supporting data.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten letter or report describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Dear Sir,
On Monday evening, May 30th, about 8:20 pm, I saw or rather observed a bright light in the sky. It had no sound to it and it was traveling east. It wasn't a minute later that another object bigger than the first, came along and seemed to be chasing the smaller one. They seemed to be moving very fast and suddenly the smaller one seemed to vanish or disappear. It seemed to be about 1000 ft off the ground with red and white flashing lights. It was traveling about 100 miles an hour roughly, similar to a jet but wasn't quite as loud. It was a clear moonlight night. I haven't seen anything like it before.
[Redacted], Waynesville, Ohio

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information division, likely related to a UFO sighting report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Information obtained from these questionnaires will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 5-20-66
2. Time of day: 7:30 AM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Harverysburg, Warren County, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day - Bright b. Night - Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In back of you, b. To your right, c. In front of you, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a form with questions about the sighting of an unidentified object at night, including questions about the appearance and behavior of the object as well as the weather conditions at the time.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember 

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _________________________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
Other: ______________________________ 

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing questions and response fields related to the sighting of a UFO.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? // No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what: a cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - no sound
b. Color - red, white, and green, flashing lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
half

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(A simple sketch of an arrow pointing to the right is provided.)

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR text:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 125 mi. an hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3/4 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses     Yes (No)
c. Windshield     Yes (No)
d. Window glass     Yes (No)
e. Binoculars     Yes (No)
f. Telescope     Yes (No)
g. Theodolite     Yes (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

It see as football

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing instructions and diagrams related to UFOs.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
3-2-66, Cunningham, Ohio, Licking County Sheriff's Dept.

- page 12 -

