There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10-073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 17-18 Oct. 66 18/04:25
2. LOCATION: Tampa, Florida
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 hours 10 minutes
6. COURSE: Varied
7. PHOTOS: No
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
9. CONCLUSION: Appear(S/T) Satellite(Echo I)
10. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer reported sighting a UFO during a three hour period. The object displayed bright lights on its exterior and was described as a circle of white light. The first UFO, referred to as the mother ship, reportedly shot out a flash of green light. There has been a rash of sightings in the area and local astronomers have reported seeing the satellite Geopaus and the planet Jupiter. The object appears to be the white circle of light the witness reported.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this document from Project Blue Book. However, the document contains detailed textual descriptions of the reported UFO sightings.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 15 DOT            24 Oct 1966

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: AFSC (FPD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, the following information regarding UFO's is submitted:

2. UFO's were sighted by Mrs. [redacted] from 2325 on 17 Oct 66.

a. Description of the objects:
(1) Ten of the UFO's were reported as being "donut-shaped." However, the observer said that she could not see through the objects, but they appeared to be hollow out in the center. The eleventh UPO was described as a single bright light.
(2) The objects were larger than the lights on passing airliners.
(3) The donut-shaped UFO's were alternately red, yellow, and green. The sphere of light was white.
(4) Eleven UFO's were sighted.
(5) (See attached diagram drawn by Mrs. [redacted] for flight paths of the UFO's.)
(6) See item (1).
(7) The first UFO, referred to by Mrs. [redacted] as the "mother ship", reportedly shot out a flash of green light.
(8) No sound was heard.
(9) None.

b. Description of course of objects:
(1) The lights.
(2) 10°.
(3) 45° to 65°.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing descriptive text about a UFO sighting.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

(4) See attached diagram and key.
(5) Objects were still visible when observer retired for the night.
(6) Three hours and ten minutes.

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground visual.
(2) Binoculars.
(3) N/A.

d. Time and date group:
(1) 18/04/25Z to 18/07/45Z.
(2) Night.

e. Location of observer--27509 0223W.

f. Identifying information--civilian; Mrs. ----; Tampa, Fla.; housewife; appeared rational.

g. Weather and winds:
(1) Clear.
(2) Clear; surface winds of 5 knots, from SE.
(3) None.
(4) Excellent.
(5) None.
(6) None.

h. None.

i. N/A.

j. Observer reported three aircraft passing from NE to SE at 0545Z, 0655Z, and 0705Z.

k. Comments of investigating officer: Sightings could have resulted from aircraft lights, satellites, or stellar formations. No other sightings were reported from this particular area, although there has been a rash of colored light sightings in the Tampa area. Witness appeared reliable, intelligent, and sincere. Concluded the second largest star visible from earth, and the planet Jupiter.

- page 3 -

The image shows a page from what appears to be an old Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph included in this image. The text on the page appears to be a diagram showing the "movement of the objects sighted" and includes a key to explain the diagram. It is signed by B.S. Keller, Colonel, USAF, Deputy Commander for Operations.

The text found in the document is as follows:

The observer furnished the investigating officer with a diagram showing the movement of the objects sighted. The observer also prepared a key to explain the diagram. The observer also prepared a key to explain the diagram. The investigating officer to further clarify the diagram are noted with an asterisk.

FOR THE COMMANDER

B. S. KELLER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations

2. Atch
1. Diagram
2. Key

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the following output based on the text in the document:

Key
Neighbor's house, my FRONT YARD
HORIZONTAL LINE OF FIX
TV TOWER, STATIONARY VERTICAL FIX
Mother ship
1st Lead ship
2nd ship
Satellites * guard ships
Suspected objects
same E.D. as 1-2 ships
Orpited as to 1 mar 2 ships
* Prepared by observer

- page 5 -

The image contains a diagram of objects sighted, prepared by Mrs. [redacted] of Tampa, Florida, as indicated by the text at the top of the image. The diagram includes a "line of fix" and several shapes labeled "tree" and "rock". There is no photograph present in this image.

Diagram of objects sighted, prepared by Mrs. [redacted] of Tampa, Florida
Fla. 17 OCT 64.

- page 6 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram that appears to be related to a report on a UFO sighting. The diagram shows a "Flash of Light from Mother Ship" and various other geometric shapes and labels. There is no photograph present in this image.

Text from the document:

NUMBERS SHOW ELEVATIO
OF OBJECTS SEEN ABOVE HORIZON
BY MRS. [REDACTED]

- page 7 -

