The image does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be the cover page of a document with some text and administrative information.

SUB-COMMITTE HEARING - MARCH 1966
7-3745 - 395
1003853
RETURN TO
USAF HISTORICAL ARCHIVES
ASHASHAR-F,
MAXWELL AFB, ALA 36112

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old document with text discussing Project Blue Book and a signature at the bottom.

Doctor J. Allen Hynek who is the Chairman of the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University is the scientific consultant to Project Blue Book. He has indicated that the proper panel to present this matter should be the one to handle such cases and its proper representative.

Doctor Hynek has discussed this problem with Doctor Winston R. Mac-Laury, the former air force chief scientist.

E.B. LeBailly
Major General, USAF 
Director of Information

2 Attachments
1. Blue Book Report
2. APR 200-2

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an agenda for a meeting of the Ad Hoc Committee on Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) on Thursday, 3 February 1966. The agenda lists the various items to be discussed during the meeting, including welcoming remarks, an introduction, the Air Force problem, a briefing on Project Blue Book, a review of selected case histories, lunch, and an executive and writing session.

AD HOC COMMITTEE ON
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFOS)

AGENDA

Thursday, 3 February 1966

0800 Welcoming Remarks Commander or 
Vice Commander, FTD
0805 Introduction Dr. O'Brien, SAB
0810 The Air Force Problem Lt Col Spaulding, 
SAFOI
0830 Briefing on Project Major Quintanilla, 
Blue Book FTD
1000 Break
1015 Review of Selected FTD Staff
Case Histories
1145 Lunch
1315 Executive and Writing
Session

22 December 1965

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document titled "SPECIAL REPORT OF THE USAF SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD AND HOC COMMITTEE TO REVIEW PROJECT 'BLUE BOOK'". The text is a distribution list that includes the names and positions of various individuals associated with the USAF and the project.

SPECIAL REPORT OF THE USAF SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD AND HOC COMMITTEE TO REVIEW PROJECT 'BLUE BOOK'

DISTRIBUTION

Secretary of the Air Force Office of Information  SAFOI 25
Military Director, DGS/R&D                         AFRDQ 1
Committee Members: 
  Dr. Brian O'Brien (Chairman)
  Dr. Luis W. Alvarez
  Mr. Jesse Orlansky
  Dr. Richard Porter
  Dr. Carl Sagan
  Dr. Willis H. Ware
Commander, Foreign Technology Division          SCF 5
DCS/Foreign Technology (AFSC)                     SCF 2
Chairman, SAB                                     AFBSA 1
SAB Secretariat                                   AFBSA 1

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed text document. The text appears to be a summary of meeting statistics related to a report, including details about the persons in attendance, the purposes of the meeting, and the materials reviewed and discussed. The document is approved by Harold A. Steiner, Lt Colonel, USAF Assistant Secretary of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board.

Meeting statistics bearing on this report including all times, dates, places, a listing of persons in attendance and purposes therefor, together with their affiliations and material reviewed and discussed, are available in the SAB Secretariat offices for review by authorized persons or agencies.

APPROVED BY:
HAROLD A. STEINER, Lt Colonel, USAF
Assistant Secretary 
USAF Scientific Advisory Board

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text with the title "Don't Sneer at UFOs".

Don't Sneer at UFOs
By Roscoe Drummond

This document appears to be an article or report discussing attitudes towards UFOs and the need to take them seriously. The text discusses common public reactions to UFO sightings and reports, and argues against dismissing or ridiculing them outright.

- page 6 -

The shared image contains a photograph showing two unidentified objects in the sky over Dexter, Michigan. The caption states that the "two unidentified objects" were photographed over Dexter, Michigan. The photograph appears to show two circular objects in the sky.

Evening Star News - Friday, March 25, 1966

Deputy Sheriff 'Shoots' a UFO Over Michigan

ANY ARBOR, Mich. (AP) - A Michigan deputy sheriff said an unidentified flying object was sighted over Southern Michigan last week was believed to be a 
UFO and still another UFO was reported yesterday.

The deputy, Sheriff David Fitzpatrick (shown at left), was called to investigate a light in the sky near Dexter, Mich., where he reportedly took two photographs before the object came closer and then sped away. 
Police were delayed because they had to wait for daylight to develop the film.

The new sighting of an unidentified flying object four miles north of Holland, Mich., came last night. Mr. and Mrs. Denton Norwood, of the Southern Lower Peninsula spotted the object. They said it first appeared as a flashing light and then turned into a solid object about twice the size of a car. It was brightly lit as it shot across the sky from east to west in about 10 seconds, the Norwoods reported.

Fitzpatrick said the object he photographed was disc-shaped and was "a more than a 1,000 feet high and was traveling at a high rate of speed."

The photographs show two circular objects in the sky. According to the caption, these objects were "unidentified" and were photographed over Dexter, Michigan by the deputy sheriff.

- page 7 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a flying saucer or unidentified flying object (UFO). The caption states that the photograph was taken by Paul Remhilde, who was flying his plane at the time and claimed to have seen the object.

Here is the text from the document:

DETROIT NEWS, M.C. MARCH 23, 1966.

Photo Adds New Wrinkle to Saucers
By DOUGLAS BRADFORD
White Air Force officers revealed yesterday that they have been able through the crash experiments to acquire pictures of the strange aerial visitors that leave a wrinkle on their silver craft.
Paul Remhilde, 34, an Air Force Reserve officer from Macclenny, Fla., said he took the photograph at about 11:30 p.m. on March 16 while flying his private plane at about 5,000 feet over North of Macclenny.
Remhilde said the craft was hovering over a wooded area at an altitude of about 1,000 feet, and that he could clearly see a wrinkle or indentation on the surface of the disc-shaped object.
This is what Paul Remhilde's camera saw when he pointed it at the saucer-shaped flying object.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

State Flying Object Report
Bring Plea for Federal Sift

I Ann Arbor, Michigan .................................................... February 22, 1966

U.S. Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I am enclosing herewith a copy of a letter I have sent to the Chief of the Air Force Material Command at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, requesting a Federal sift of the contents of the file maintained by the United States Air Force on unidentified flying objects in the possession of Project Blue Book.

I believe there are in this file many reports and other data which, if made available to reputable research agencies, might enable them to contribute substantially to the scientific understanding of this baffling phenomenon. I am especially concerned that the full facts in this important area of scientific investigation should be brought to public attention in an objective and authoritative manner.

I hope you will give this request your prompt and sympathetic consideration.

Sincerely yours,

Frank Mannor, San Decrific UFO

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report on UFO sightings. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

Transcribing the text from the document:

FIRST UFOs
OF SEASON 
ARE SIGHTED

Several reports of strange flying objects, like the season, have been reported in this area and a former fighter pilot says he has seen such objects.

The Air Force, which has investigated more than 12,000 sightings since 1947, said the reports do not indicate any threat to the security of the country.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, director of the astronomical observatory at Northwestern University, whose hobby is investigating UFO reports, said the reports did not indicate any unusual activity.

A Hillsdale College man named Stanley McKaigg watched a blue-white object hovering over the college campus for 40 minutes, and it suddenly disappeared. He reported the incident.

Officer Runyan said the object flew over the swamp and was lost in the swamp.

40 in Michigan Say 
A Flying Saucer 
Hoverd in Swamp

ANN ARBOR, MICH., March
9 — (UPI)  — Some 40 persons
said they saw a flying saucer
maneuver over a wooded area
in a swamp near here.

The unidentified flying ob-
jects, described as round and
flashing, were seen for about 20
minutes Sunday evening, the
witnesses said. They said the ob-
jects apparently came to rest in
the swamp.

Air Force investigators were
reported to be checking the area
but reported no unusual activity.

One observer, Stanley Mc-
Kaigg, a Hillsdale College man,
said he watched a blue-white ob-
ject hover for 40 minutes over
the campus before it suddenly
disappeared.

Other witnesses are only iden-
tified as "reliable persons" by
police.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with the title "Truth About Flying Objects Hidden by AF, Faithful Say".

Text transcription:

WEATHER REPORT
Truth About Flying Objects
Hidden by AF, Faithful Say
By HOWARD BRUBAKER
Washington Post Staff Writer

Flying-saucer fans claim to have unearthed more proof that the Air Force is withholding vital information about unidentified flying objects. 

This proof - in the firm of interviews with Air Force personnel and former members of the House Committee on Aerial Phenomena - is detailed in an article in the April issue of "Fate" magazine.

The believers repeatedly have charged that the Air Force deliberately withholds the truth, which in their view would show that "flying saucers" are real.

The Air Force, which has conducted Project Blue Book for many years in an effort to investigate UFO sightings, denies this and says most of the sightings reported can be explained.

The article in "Fate" quotes a former captain in the Air Force's intelligence unit as saying that in 1952 he became aware of a secret Air Force group called Project Sign, which was charged with investigating UFO sightings.

The informant said that Project Sign was turned into Project Grudge, which had the primary purpose of "debunking" UFO reports.

The article also says that a former member of the House Committee on Aerial Phenomena was told by an Air Force major that the committee was disbanded by the Air Force in order to stop its investigations of UFO reports.

The article quotes the former committee member as saying he was told the Air Force wanted to stifle the committee's activities because it was "getting too close to the truth."

The article concludes that the Air Force has been covering up its knowledge of UFOs for the past 20 years, making only token efforts to investigate sightings.

The Air Force, on the other hand, says it investigates all bona fide UFO reports and publishes the results. It adds that the "flying saucer" concept is without foundation. More than 10,000 UFO reports have been checked out by the Air Force since 1947, and 90 per cent of them have been explained, the Air Force says.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be the cover page of a "Special Report of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board and HOC Committee to Review Project 'Blue Book'" dated March 1966.

SPECIAL 
REPORT OF THE
USAF SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD 
AND HOC COMMITTEE TO REVIEW
PROJECT "BLUE BOOK"
MARCH 1966

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "NICAP POSITION PAPER" related to the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP).

Text transcription:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C., 20036
Phone: NO 7-9434

Director: Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe (USMC, Ret.)
Ass't. Director: Mr. Richard H. Hall

NICAP POSITION PAPER

GOALS, AIMS, PROGRAM: The basic NICAP goals are to gather, evaluate and disseminate reliable information about UFOs, and ultimately to bring about a full scientific investigation, making use of instruments and the full resources of the scientific community.

Policies and methods are established by a Board of Governors (see list) and implemented by the executive staff.

To achieve the goal of scientific investigation, NICAP has:
(a) Established field investigation units and affiliates across the country;
(b) Obtained the volunteer services of scientists and other qualified specialists to assist in investigations and evaluations in the U.S. and foreign countries;
(c) Made materials available to Congress and the press;
(d) Urged a Congressional inquiry;
(e) Published our findings and evidence in the "UFO Evidence", a documentary report of over 200,000 words.

OFFICIAL NICAP POSITION ON: Interplanetary UFOs -- The idea that UFOs may be extraterrestrial in origin is considered a reasonable hypothesis worthy of the most urgent consideration. Furthermore, it is the opinion of many individuals associated with NICAP that this is the most likely explanation of UFOs. However, all theories have been and will continue to be carefully considered.

(more)

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings. The text in the document discusses the project's opinion that many sincere persons are deceived by conventional objects such as large research balloons, and that hundreds of well-qualified observers have reported unknown objects, flying singly or in formations, and maneuvering under intelligent control. The document also mentions the USAF's and Project Blue Book's position on UFO secrecy and their criticism of the official secrecy policy. There is no mention of any human faces or individuals in the text.

ALL UFOS --- There is no doubt that many sincere persons are deceived by conventional objects such as large research balloons, fireballs, bright planets. But hundreds of extremely well-qualified observers have reported unknown objects, flying singly or in formations, and maneuvering under intelligent control, which no conventional answers can explain. These "unknowns" (USAP term) show definite patterns of appearance, performance. The observers on record include pilots of all the Armed Services and all major airlines, FAA and military control tower operators and radarmen, missile and rocket trackers, government and civilian scientists' and engineers, and similarly competent and reliable witnesses in many foreign countries.

The USAP and Project Blue Book --- Our opinion that the U.S. Air Force has practiced excessive secrecy and has withheld significant UFO facts from the public is confirmed by members of the USAF (reserve or retired) on NICAP's Board of Governors and Panel of Technical Advisors. We have also documented the secrecy during our nine years of investigating and evaluating UFO reports. But our criticism is directed at the official secrecy policy, which may be set at a higher level. We realize that Project Blue Book and USAP (USAF) spokesmen are under orders to explain away UFO sightings and deny UFO reality.

Contactees --- We have investigated numerous claims of individuals who say they have taken trips in spaceships with noble beings from other planets. We have not found a single bit of evidence to back up any of these claims, but we have found frequent evidences of fraud. Because of their circus-like performances, they often have received excessive publicity, and their sensational statements tend to cover up serious facts and substantial reports from reputable persons.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains text about the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP).

NICAP BACKGROUND
(1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036)
NICAP--the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena--is the only full-time private organization investigating UFOs in the United States.
It was founded in 1956 to fill the need for an independent agency which could conduct research openly and seriously on a subject which was bogged down in official secrecy, public ridicule and the baseless wild tales of publicity seekers.
Among NICAP's more than 7500 members are over 300 professional scientists and engineers, at least 200 professional pilots, active and retired military officers, doctors, lawyers, businessmen, and other professional persons.
NICAP's operations involve:
1. Collecting data on UFO sightings;
2. Investigating the most promising cases through 25 Subcommittees composed of technically-trained volunteers throughout the country;
3. Analyzing and evaluating this data with the help of a Panel of Advisors--specialists in many branches of science and engineering;
4. Making the significant data available to the scientific community, Government and the press.
Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC (Ret.), was appointed NICAP Director in 1957, and Richard Hall was appointed his assistant in 1958.
In 1964, NICAP submitted its "UFO Evidence" report to Congress. This thoroughly-documented 200,000 word report is an analysis of investigations through 1963, containing data on the best 750 UFO cases selected from more than 5,000 in NICAP's files. More than 10,000 copies are in the hands of scientific research organizations, government agencies, universities, military installations and libraries.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a list of names and affiliations related to the U.S. Air Force's Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena.

Text output:
U.S. AIR FORCE INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE
ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20036

Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC (Ret.) — Director
Mr. Richard H. Hall, Assistant Director

BOARD OF GOVERNORS
DR. MARCUS BACH; State University of Iowa; School of Religion; Author of "Destiny of the Soul"
DR. RALPH LAPP; Nuclear Physicist; Author of "Nuclear Weapons" and "Social Sciences"
REV. ALBERT H. BALLER; Congregational Minister, Clinton, Mass.; Author of children's books, graduate Nebraska Wesleyan University and Boston University School of Theology
COLONEL J. BRYAN III, USAFR (Ret.); Writer and Author, Richmond, Va.; specialist assistant to Secretary of Air Force (1952-53), assigned to staff of Gen. Lauris Norstad, NATO (1959), editorial staff of national magazines
MR. FRANK EDWARDS; Radio-television commentator and Author; Former news analyst on Mutual Broadcasting System; Recipient of VFW and Amvet's Service Award
COLONEL ROBERT EMERSON, USAFR; Research Chemist; Emerson Testing Laboratory; Boston University; Member American Chemical Society; Director educational facilities, (Ft. Leavenworth), and other military schools
MR. J.B. HARTRANFT, JR.; President, Aircraft Owners & Pilots Assoc.; Wash. D.C. Lt. Col. CAF; Member Army Air Corps Hq. Commander of U.S. Air Guard in World War II
DR. LESLIE K. KAEBURN; Emeritus Prof. of Medicine, Biophysicist, Univ. of Southern Calif.; PhD Engineering Physics); Univ. of London, Fellow Institute of Physical Science; Research Consultant in Bio-medical electronics
DR. ADON K. GORDON, USAF (Ret.); Pilot, laine; Veteran of both World War I & World War II; Held important submarine commands; Graduate U.S. Naval Academy (1917)
PROF. CHARLES A. MANEY; Emeritus Prof. of Physics, Defiance College, Defiance, Ohio; Author of "Some Light on Flying Saucers" Archives - U.S. Univ. of Chicago (1915); astrophysics, additional graduate work, Univ. University of Chicago
DR. CHARLES P. OLIVIER; President American Meteor Society, Narberth, Pa.; Superintendent Cook Observatory, Contributor to Encyclopedia Britannica & Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory reports
DR. BRUCE A. ROGERS; Emeritus Prof. of Mechanical Engineering, A & M College, Texas; Former Mgr. Engineering Univ. of Chicago; Member American Nuclear Society, American Institute of Mining, Metallurgy, and Petroleum Engineers, Electrochemical Society

- page 16 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed list of "Advisers List" with various entries for individuals in the fields of science, technology, aeronautics, space, and news/public relations.

ADVISERS LIST

I. Science & Technology
Dr: James C. Bartlett, Jr., astronomy, Baltimore, Maryland
Dr. Norman M. Brooks, aeronautics, Varian Associates, Palo Alto, California
Mr. Robert Beck, Pres., Color Control Company, Hollywood, California
Mr. Jock Stoneham, Phys/ops Res., Naval Res. Council, Washington, D.C.
Dr. Hugh S. Brown, diagnostician & heart specialist, Spokane, Washington
Dr. A.A. Cochra, geologist, USGS, Alexandria, Virginia
Dr. Gordon Gannon, Jr., assoc. professor of physics, Humboldt State College, California
Dr. Ralph Greenstein, electronics, USGS, Beltsville, N.Y. University
Dr. Robert L. Hall, social psychology, Natl. Science Foundation, Wash., DC
Mr. William H. Hall, electronics technician, Good Space Flight Center
Mr. Deveral Greenbelt, Maryland
Mr. Donald B. Halverson, astronomy, Univ. of Minnesota
Dr. Chester P. Hatcher, solid state physics, Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Maryland
Professor T. Katsumura, geology, University of North Dakota
Dr. Fulton Koehler, prof. of mathematics, University of Minnesota  
Professor Henry Kuehnemann, anthropologist, University of Minnesota
Dr. Raymond Mackay, electronics, University of California, Southern California
Miss Susan Quinn, B.S. psychology, Director of Pan American Schools, Brownsville, Virginia
Mr. Ralph Rankow photography, New York, N.Y.
Mr. Erwin F. Roussel, Goddard Space Flight Center, Maryland
Mr. J.R. Riesz, research engineer, Lakewood, Ohio
Captain H. Schirm, research engineer, USAF, Idaho
Mr. Arnold H. Seidman, research, Space Flight Simulator, Colorado
Mr. Walter N. Webb, astronomy, Chas. Hayden Planetarium, Massachusetts

II. Aeronautics & Space
Mr. Don Bradley, aviation writer, Washington, D.C.
Captain C.S. Chilcs, Eastern Airlines, New York, N.Y.
Mr. George F. Darby, admin. sciences, major aerospace firm, Connecticut
Mr. Samuel Freeman, past pres., Natl. Aviation Trades Assoc., Bedminster, N.J.
Mr. Newt Harner, past pres.. Natl. Aviation Trades Assoc., Bedminster, N.J.
Captain R.B. McLaughlin, USN, missile expert, California
Major John V. Bellew, USAF, pilot, Jacksonville, Florida
Captain William H. Teitelbaum, First Allied Command, USAF, Germany
Dr. V.R. Potter, former First Pioneer Investor, Pan American, Florida
Mr. L.D. Sheridan, Jr., former USMC pilot, Ponte Vedra, Florida
Col. Howard C. Strand, USAF, Maryland pilot, Michigan

III. News & Public Relations
Mr. James C. Beatty, former Ground Observer Corps official, Puerto Rico
Mr. Jon Gorden, Chellier News Bureau, Baltimore, Maryland
Mr. Robert D. Heinl, former naval officer, information service, Washington, D.C.
Mr. Leonard H. Springfield, public relations, Los Angeles, California
Mr. George Boadt, columnist, Los Angeles Examiner, California

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed text document summarizing a wave of UFO sightings.

SUMMARY OF CURRENT UFO SIGHTING WAVE

The current wave of UFO sightings can be traced back, almost without interruption, to July, 1965. Sightings were reported from every continent during July and then moved to the U.S. in August.

Highlights included photographs taken Aug. 3 in Santa Ana, Calif., and Aug. 8 in Beaver Co., Pa.; the Sept. 3 police sightings in Exeter, N.H. and in Damon, Tex. (both of which are officially listed as "unexplained" by the USAF).

Activity began to pick up in January of this year, following a brief lull. Large numbers of reports came in from New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania. Throughout this entire period, UFOs have been reported by many persons in eastern Oklahoma. 

The March, 1966, sighting wave began about three weeks ago:
March 8, Chesterton, Ind. --- oblong UFO hovered over service station for 4-5 minutes. Appeared silver, with four projections on top.
March 11, Ringwood, N.J. --- mother Superior of convent saw bright UFO over abandoned mines. Distant light flashed as if signalling.
March 13, Black River Falls, Wis. --- several persons saw UFOs with bright green lights, heard strange beeping sound.
March 14, Southport, Conn. --- three persons saw UFO with domed top and row of red lights pacing their car, then land in front of them.
March 17, Ann Arbor, Mich. --- police saw three UFOs with green and white lights, one of which looked like a top and hovered and maneuvered for three hours.
March 17, Grand Rapids, Mich. --- several persons saw a large, oval UFO with a row of lights or portholes, which made a humming sound.

(more)

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing various UFO sightings.

(summary 22222)
March 19, LaPorte, Ind. --- spherical UFO with X-shaped "antenna" followed with swirling motion. Lights from plane glared on car bodies.
March 19, Bethesda, Md. --- retired USAF Col. saw light move straight, stop, accelerate, then move on to be joined by second light.
March 20, Dexter, Mich. --- Disc-like object with rough surface, body lights hovered for long period. Police saw antenna-like projections on bottom, oval shape.
March 21, Hillsdale, Mich. --- County CD Director, dean and 37 gods saw round or oval object hovering and moving 1500 yards away for 3 hours.
March 23, Key West, Fla. --- Many persons saw several disc-shaped UFOs with lights flickering around rims streak over, stop, streak away.
March 23, Trinidad, Colo. --- two shiny oval objects with domed tops, that bottoms reported flying in-line above a mountain ridge.
March 23, Joppa, Ill. --- dozen persons saw oblong UFO with bright light in middle, surrounded by smaller lights.
March 24, Hillsdale, Mich. --- train crew watched UFO pace train, pull ahead, hover, then climb.
March 25, Upper Sandusky, Ohio --- top-shaped object hovered over area. UFO had lights on its outer edges.
March 25, Baraboo, Wis. --- red object hovered, maneuvered above farmhouse.
March 25, Ann Arbor, Mich. --- several engineers saw bright red object fly erratically, drop into woods and fly 10' above ground. Size estimated as 30' diameter, 6' height.
March 28, Columbus, Ga. --- glowing, oblong object seen visually and tracked on radar as it maneuvered high in the sky this morning.

- page 19 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old project blue book document, providing biographical data on participants of a NICAP (National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena) press conference.

BIOGRAPHICAL DATA ON NICAP PRESS CONFERENCE PARTICIPANTS

MAJ. DONALD E. KEYHOE (USMC, Ret.) --- Director of NICAP
Graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy (and of Pensacola Naval Air Station
Flying School). Former Marine Corps Aviation and balloon pilot. Chief of Information for the Aviation Branch of the Department of Commerce. Former editor for the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey. Manager of North Pole airplane tour with Floyd Bennett; aide to Col. Charles A. Lindbergh. Author, lecturer, free-lance writer. NICAP Director since 1957.

DR. LESLIE K. KAEBURN --- Member, NICAP Board of Governors
Biophysicist. Emeritus member of the faculty of the University of California School of Medicine. Ph. D. in Engineering Physics from University of London. Fellow of the Institute of Physics and of the Physical Society of London. Established and headed the Bio-medical Electronics Laboratory of the University of California. Major studies including implantation of telemetering EKG apparatus in dogs for space research, and on elasticity of the aortic wall. Has also done work on inertial navigation, astro-physics and nuclear physics.

MR. RICHARD H. HALL --- Assistant Director of NICAP
Graduate of Tulane University, 1958 (B.A. in Philosophy). Eight years with NICAP as Associate Editor of the "UFO Investigator" and Assistant Director. Wrote and edited "UFO Evidence", the 200,000-word documentary report to Congress in 1964. Established and supervises NICAP investigation network, and maintains liaison with consultants and specialists.

(more)

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, providing biographical information about three individuals:

MR. J. B. HARTRANFT --- Member, NICAP Board of Governors, President, Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, Member, Executive Committee, Radio Technical Commission of Aeronautics, Member, Board of Directors, Bates Foundation Educational Scholarship, Recipient, 1966 Award for Achievement of the National Aviation Club.

MR. WILLIAM H. HALL --- Member, NICAP Panel of Special Advisors, RCA Field Engineer, currently working on the Nimbus Project at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. More than 10 years experience in radar, communications systems, jet fighter fire control systems and general electronics.

MR. DONALD BERLINER --- Member, NICAP Headquarters Staff, Former newspaper reporter/photographer, Contributing editor, Air Progress magazine, U.S. correspondent, Flight International, NICAP Special Advisor and staff member since 1962.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA 
1536 CONNECTICUT AVE., N.W., WASHINGTON, D.C. 20036
Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe (USMC, Ret.), Director

FOR: Release to News Media, 1 p.m., Monday, March 28, 1966

NICAP URGES PROBE OF NEW UFO SIGHTING WAVE 

The National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) today urged the Government to establish a tracking network and make public the recorded UFO speeds, shapes and maneuvers.

NICAP also urged an end to official secrecy, and fully backed the demand for a Congressional Investigation by Rep. Gerald Ford (R., Mich.).

According to the Air Force, NICAP stated, over 200 military and civilian pilots who have reported UFO encounters are incompetent or deluded. In the same way, NICAP said, hundreds of military and FAA traffic controllers and radarmen, rocket and missile trackers have been ridiculed. In addition, thousands of other competent citizens -- lawyers, doctors, corporation heads, editors, reporters, newscasters -- have been openly belittled after making UFO sightings public.

The Air Force "swamp gas" explanation for unknown flying objects seen at Dexter and Hillsdale, Mich., were rejected by NICAP and by the witnesses involved. There have been press reports that the Air Force's No. 1 consultant, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, was ordered to release this explanation, and Hynek has admitted that he "could not prove it." (Dr. Hynek has since denied that he was pressured.)

The new wave has spread to Colorado, Maryland, Georgia and other states. Near Albany, N.Y., a low-flying UFO was reported to have chased a car.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a special report of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board Ad Hoc Committee to review Project "Blue Book" from March 1966. The report lists the members participating, including Dr. Brian O'Brien as the Chairman, Dr. Launor F. Carter, Mr. Jesse Orlansky, Dr. Richard Porter, Dr. Carl Sagan, and Dr. Willis H. Ware. The SAB Secretariat is listed as Lt Col Harold A. Steiner. The document states that reproduction of this document in whole or in part is prohibited except with the permission of the office of origin.

- page 23 -

The image provided appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph or image present on this page, only text.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

Near Ann Arbor, Mich., a disc-shaped UFO, estimated at 30 feet in diameter, 6 feet thick, was reported on March 26 by William Kartlick, a Research Associate at the University of Michigan working on a NASA project; Robert Amick, electronics technician, and Emile Greenier, a Ford Motor Co. electrical engineer. Grenier said the UFO emitted a brilliant red light. After several maneuvers, it descended to about 10 feet and flew parallel with a road for several moments.

Over 8,000 UFO sightings are on record at NICAP, including verified reports by hundreds of veteran pilots, astronomers, tower operators and other qualified observers in the U.S. and abroad. These include detailed daytime encounters with disc-shaped objects, maneuvering singly or in formations, at speeds far surpassing any known aircraft or missile operating in our atmosphere. Evaluation by NICAP has shown definite shapes, patterns and maneuvers, indicating that the unknown objects are operating under intelligent control.

Some of these encounters, especially recent close approaches and "touch landings" have been at extremely close range. "Either all these witnesses are mistaken or deluded," states NICAP, "or else the UFOs reported by competent observers are real, and the craft possess capabilities officially described as 'impossible'." 

A number of USAF officers in NICAP, including Col. Joseph Bryan III, USAFR, and Maj. John McLeod, USAFR, have fully confirmed the official secrecy. Col. Bryan, NICAP Board member, has also stated he knows of hundreds of UFO sightings by reliable observers, many confirmed by radar, proving the objects are far superior to anything known on earth. These UFOs are extraterrestrial devices observing the earth, Col. Bryan has stated. "The secrecy is wrong and dangerous."

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRANSCRIPT:

"NICAP emphasizes it is not attacking USAF UFO sightings. "We realize they are under strict orders to explain away sightings and deny that, even though some of the attempted explanations seem ridiculous."

"Dangers from official secrecy are increasing," says NICAP.

"Several times, airline captains have had to maneuver violently to avoid collisions with UFOs, resulting in passenger injuries. There is a growing risk of accidental war from mistaking UFO formations for a secret enemy attack."

"We recommend all UFO secrecy be ended, except for classified radar, aircraft speeds and similar points. We urge that the USAF tell all pilots what to do if they encounter a UFO - either to land, or to continue flight or to take other action."

In a direct statement to NICAF, House Minority Leader Gerald Ford says: "If the Air Force is right, it will clear up the problem. If they are wrong, they should be criticized."

"NICAP agrees that the time has come to stop withholding the truth about UFOs from American citizens."

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing newspaper clippings.

WASHINGTON STAR 29 MARCH 66 (30)P-3
Vie tnam War Stars Regrets
Prime Minister Indira Gandhi expressed deep regret over mounting civilian casualties in the Vietnam war. She said India could not go in support of the American efforts.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE 30 MARCH 66 
War Activity Again Engulfs Little Guam
GUAM - The United States territory of Guam, which bore the brunt of the World War II air war in the Pacific, is faced with the prospect of becoming involved again as a staging area for the Vietnam conflict.

N.Y. JOURNAL AMERICAN
Where Sky 'Thing' Landed - 'Circular' Mark on Earth
The person investigating unidentified flying objects today said that the investigation of sightings in Michigan's Upper Peninsula has produced new reports indicating more than a dozen circular marks on the ground.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which described the Air Force's responsibilities regarding unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Air Force responsibilities on UFO:
- To determine if there is a threat to the national security.
- To determine whether UFO represents advanced technical or scientific information.

The Air Force activities:
- A specially organized program, called Project Bluebook, that has investigated over 10,200 reported sightings since 1947.

Procedures are reviewed continuously:
- September 1965 - the Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) requested a review of UFO procedures.
- March 1966 - the SAB reported on its review and made recommendations.

Points emphasized by SAB:
- No threat to the security of the United States identified.
- The Air Force program well organized.
- SAB recommendations:
  - Use a few selected universities for scientific study in the investigation of UFO phenomena.
  - Have an officer at each AFSC base skilled in investigation and available to assist the investigative teams.
  - One university or not-for-profit organization should coordinate the effort of all the teams.
- The Air Force is examining SAB recommendations, but decision on implementation has not been made.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to contain text describing representative annual statistics from 1965 related to UFO reports, investigations, and conclusions. 

Representative annual statistics (1965):
- 594 UFOs reported
- 764 positively identified
- 97 lacked sufficient data for conclusion as to nature of object
- 17 investigations still continuing or pending
- 16 remain unidentified (less than 2%)

Summary:
- Following conclusions are supported by extensive investigations and scientific knowledge:
- No UFO reports indication of observation of natural or conventional objects under unusual conditions.
- No UFO has ever given any indication of threat to our national security. 
- No UFO reported has shown technological developments beyond current human capabilities.
- No evidence has ever been presented that any UFO has been an extraterrestrial or interplanetary vehicle.

- page 28 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an article or document from Project Blue Book, discussing the Air Force's response to claims of encounters with "outer space guests".

OCR Output:
We've Had No Other Space Guests
AF Secretary Tells Congressmen  
WASHINGTON (AP)--The Air Force secretary said Tuesday that the service has received no scientitie evidence of visits from outer
space and that "we have found nothing."
The secretary, Harold Brown, told a House Appropriations subcommittee the Air Force will continue to investigate all reports.
of unidentified flying objects, but adds:  
"We've had no other space guests that we can find." 
Brown stated publicly there Is no scientific evidence to support the theory that the earth has been visited by intelligent beings from outer space. 
Those reports of unidentified objects, he said, are the result of "sometimes a simple explanation" such as meteor sightings or weather balloons, or else are caused by people's imagination.
Brown steadily declared that the Air Force has not found a single case that would indicate visitors from outer space. He said the controversy over UFOs "hasn't revealed anything new."
The secretary said the Air Force has not turned up any authentic photos of UFOs, and that those alleged photos which have been examined were found to be fakes or hoaxes. Dr. J. Allen Hynek, scientific consultant to the Air Force on UFOs, told the subcommittee he has examined hundreds of alleged UFO photos and has found most to be either fakes, hoaxes or natural phenomena.
Brown stated that even though the Air Force continues to investigate all reports, "we've had no other space guests that we can find."

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a program run by the U.S. Air Force to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

House Foreign Affairs Committee 
Hearing Transcript, 30 March 1966
Page 601, following line 15

INSERT FOR THE RECORD

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

Within the Department of Defense, the Air Force has the responsibility of investigating reports on unidentified flying objects and of evaluating any possible threat to our national security that such objects might pose. In carrying out this responsibility, the Air Force has been - and continues to be - both objective and thorough in its treatment of all received reports on unusual aerial objects over the United States. Under the name Project Blue Book, the Air Force carries out a 3-phase program to (1) make an initial investigation of each report received; (2) make a more detailed analysis of reports not explained in phase 1; and (3) disseminate information on sightings, evaluations, and statistics.

In addition to the Project Blue Book program, the Air Force is continuously reviewing its procedures, and changing them when new courses of action will permit them to do their job more effectively. In this particular area, they have focused the outstanding capabilities of their Scientific Advisory Board on the problems of unidentified flying objects. This capable group has just completed its examination of the problems and made its recommendations.

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

recommendations to the Air Force. These recommendations, cur-rently under study, could lead to even stronger emphasis on the scientific aspects of investigating the relatively few sightings that warrant extensive analysis - perhaps 100 in a year.

Based on 10,147 reported sightings from 1947 through 1965 (attached), virtually all derived from subjective human observa-tions and interpretations, the Air Force has succeeded in identifying 9,501. The most common of these identified are astronomical sightings that include such things as bright stars and planets, and phenomena, such as comets and meteors, conventional streamers. Other major sources of reported sightings include objects such as satellites, aircraft and balloons; and phenomena such as reflections, mirages and spurious radar indications.

In its evaluation of these sightings, the Air Force has used carefully selected, highly qualified scientists, engineers, technicians and consultants; and has available its laboratories, test centers, scientific instrumentation, and technical equip-ment for this purpose. Although the past is years of investiga-ting unidentified flying objects have not identified any threat to our national security, or any evidence of extraterrestrial origin.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a textual document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Office of Origin: AFPDC
Action Officer: LT COL BAROOUS
Date Prepared: 2 APRIL 1966
Coordination: AFSC, APSCA, APPDL, AFMPC
Approvals:

The text in the document states:

"Vehicles; the Air Force will continue to carry out its responsibilities for identification and analyses of such phenomena by investigating - objectively and with an open mind - all sightings of unidentified flying objects.

A copy of the Air Force Report Project Blue Book (dated 1 February 1966), together with the Special Report of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board Ad Hoc Committee to Review Project "Blue Book" (dated March 1966), are included for the record."

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a table with data on "SIGHTINGS OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS". The table lists the total number of sightings and unidentified flying objects for each year from 1947 to 1965.

SIGHTINGS OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
YEAR      TOTAL SIGHTINGS    UNIDENTIFIED
1947             122                12
1948             156                7 
1949             189                22
1950             210                27
1951             169                22
1952           1,501               303
1953             509                42
1954             487                46
1955             545                24
1956             670                14
1957           1,006                14
1958             627                12
1959             390                12
1960             957                14
1961             591                13
1962             474                15
1963             399                14
1964             522                19
1965             586                16
         10,147                646

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a table of contents for a document.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
I. Introduction
II. Discussion 
III. Conclusions and Recommendations
TAB A - Memorandum from Major General LeBailly
TAB B - Agenda
Distribution

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document titled "SPECIAL REPORT OF THE USAF SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD AD HOC COMMITTEE TO REVIEW PROJECT 'BLUE BOOK'" dated March 1966.

SPECIAL
REPORT OF THE
USAF SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD
AD HOC COMMITTEE TO REVIEW
PROJECT "BLUE BOOK"
MARCH 1966

I. INTRODUCTION
As requested in a memorandum from Major General E. B. LeBailly, Secretary of the Air Force Office of Information, dated 28 September 1965, the SAB Ad Hoc Committee met on 3 February 1966 to review Project "Blue Book". The objectives of the Committee are to review the resources and methods of investigation prescribed by Project "Blue Book" and to advise the Air Force of any improvements that can be made in the program to enhance the Air Force's capability in carrying out its responsibility.
In order to bring themselves up to date, the members of the Committee initially reviewed the findings of previous scientific panels charged with looking into the UFO problem. Particular attention was given to the report of the Robertson panel which was conducted in January 1953.
The Committee next heard briefings from the USAF Foreign Technology Division, which is the cognizant Air Force agency that collates information on UFO sightings and monitors individual cases. Finally, the Committee reviewed selected case histories of UFO sightings with particular emphasis on those that have not been identified.

II. DISCUSSION
Although about 6% (646) of all sightings (10,147) in the years 1947 through 1965 are listed by the Air Force as "unidentified", it appears to the Committee that

- page 35 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

most of the cases so listed are simply those in which
the information available does not provide an adequate
basis for analysis. In this connection it is important
also to note that no unidentified objects other than
those of an astronomical nature have ever been observed
during routine astronomical studies. In spite of the
large numbers of observing hours which have been devoted
to the sky. As examples of this the Palomar Observatory
Sky Atlas contains some 5000 plates made with large
instruments with wide field of view; the Harvard Meteor
Project of 1958-1959 provided some 3300 hours of
observation; the Smithsonian Visual Prairie Network
provided 2500 observing hours. Not a single unidentified object has been reported as appearing on
any of these plates or been sighted visually in all
these observations.

The Committee concluded that in the 19 years since the
first UFO sightings there has been no evidence that
unidentified flying objects are a threat to our national
security. Having arrived at this conclusion the
Committee then turned its attention to considering how
the Air Force should handle the scientific aspects of
these phenomena. The Committee considered these aerial
Air Force public relations, in which the conclusions
which follow are made simply from the scientific point
of view.

III. CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS

It is the opinion of the Committee that the present
Air Force program dealing with UFO sightings has been
well organized, although the resources assigned to it
(only one officer, a sergeant, and secretary) have
been quite limited. In 19 years and more than 10,000
sightings recorded and classified, there appears to be
no verified and fully satisfactory evidence of any
case that is clearly outside the framework of presently

2

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a scanned document, possibly a report related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text describes recommendations for the investigation of new sightings and the analysis of scientific data related to such phenomena.

known science and technology. Nevertheless, there is always the possibility that analysis of new sightings may provide some additions to scientific knowledge of value to the Air Force. Moreover, some of the cases recently with the committee that were listed as "identified" were sightings where the evidence collected was no manager or too indefinite to permit positive listing in the identified category. Because of this the committee recommends that the present program be strengthened to provide opportunity for scientific investigation of selected sightings in more detail and depth than has been possible to date. 

To accomplish this it is recommended that:

A. Contracts be negotiated with a few selected universities to provide scientific teams to investigate UFO's. Each team should include at least one psychologist and at least one physical scientist, preferably an astronomer or geophysicist familiar with atmospheric physics. The universities should be chosen to provide good geographical distribution and should be within convenient distance of a base of the Air Force Systems Command (AFSC).

B. At each AFSC base an officer skilled in investigation (but not necessarily with scientific training) should be designated to work with the corresponding university team for that geographical section. The local representative of the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (OSI) might be a logical choice for this.

C. One university or one not-for-profit organization should be selected to coordinate the work of the teams mentioned under A above, and also to make certain of very close communication and coordination with the office of Project Blue Book.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

The text in the document reads:

It is thought that perhaps 100 sightings a year might be subjected to this close study, and that possibly an average of 10 man days might be required per sighting so studied. The information provided by such a program might bring to light new facts of scientific value, and would almost certainly provide a far better basis than we have today for decision on a long term UFO program.

The scientific reports on these selected sightings, supplementing the present program of the Project Blue Book office, should strengthen the public position of the Air Force on UFO's. It is, therefore, recommended that:

A. These reports be printed in full and be available on request.
B. Suitable abstracts or condensed versions be printed and included in, or as supplements to, the published reports of Project Blue Book.
C. The form of report (as typified by "Project Blue Book" dated 1 February 1966) be expanded, and anything which might suggest that information is being withheld (such as the wording on page 5 of the above cited experience) be deleted. The form of this report can be of great importance in securing public understanding and should be given detailed study by an appropriate Air Force office.
D. The reports "Project Blue Book" should be given wide publicity circulation among prominent members of the Congress and other public persons as a further aid to public understanding of the scientific approach being taken by the Air Force in attacking the UFO problem.

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM FOR MILITARY DIRECTOR, SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD 
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs)

In response to its air defense role, the Air Force has the responsibility for the investigation of unidentified flying objects reported over the United States. The name of this project is Blue Book (Attachment 1). Procedures for conducting this program are established by Air Force Regulation 80-17 (Attachment 2).

The Air Force has conducted Project Blue Book since 1948. As of 30 June 1965, a total of 9,267 reports had been investigated by the Air Force. Of these 9,267 reports, 663 cannot be explained. 

It has been determined by the Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff/ Plans and Operations that Project Blue Book is a worthwhile program which has the support of the Air Staff, major commands and other agencies and that the Air Force should continue to devote the necessary resources to investigate and analyze unidentified flying objects do not present a threat to our national security. The Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff/Plans and Operations has determined also that the Foreign Technology Division (FTD) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base should continue to exercise its present responsibilities concerning UFOs.

To date, the Air Force has found no evidence that any of the UFO reports reflect a threat to our national security. However, many of the reports that cannot be explained have come from intelligent and technically well qualified individuals whose integrity cannot be doubted. In addition, the reports received officially by the Air Force include only a fraction of the spectacular reports which are publicized by many private UFO organizations.

Accordingly, it is requested that a working scientific panel composed of both physical and social scientists be organized to review Project Blue Book -- its resources, methods, and findings -- and to advise the Air Force as to any improvements that should be made in the program. This scientific panel should be assigned responsibility.

- page 39 -

