The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document contains various fields such as date, time group, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, and physical evidence. The text in the document states "Insufficient Data for evaluation." and "Form 143 requested and request was returned because of no such address."

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 30 May 66 10/1755
2. LOCATION Dobbston, Ohio
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 2 minutes 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual BC
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS 0 Yes
       0 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0 Yes
       0 No
10. CONCLUSION Insufficient Data for evaluation.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Form 143 requested and request was returned because of no such address.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book document related to a UFO sighting in Dobbston, Ohio on May 10, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (TEST)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
27 JULY 1966

Ashland, Kentucky 41101
Dear Mr. *******:

Reference your unidentified observation of 10 May 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for action. If you will complete the attached PTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided, we shall be pleased to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GORDON QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a document from Project Blue Book, specifically an "FIRST CLASS" mailing envelope addressed to Ashland, Kentucky.

FTD (TA2) PATTERSON AFB, OHIO
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

This form supersedes ATC Form No. 283, dated Dec 60, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document.

Gentlemen:

On the night of being called drunk, of course, or a jackpot, 
psychoneurotic, as they are sometimes nicknamed, I had several experiences of which I do not know what to make account:

About 12:66 noon on the day of 10 May 1966, I was walking west from my sister's home where I had spent the night. As I walked past my car, I noticed a light or lights that I did not recognize over a distance of something less than one mile west of Dobbston, Ohio. My brother-in-law said they were (at that time) about two and one-half miles west of there and moving slowly to the northwest. 

As I approached the bridge, I noticed--or heard rather--a low pulsating humming sound. It was very much like the noise made by a jet's engines as it levels off after climb.

As I looked toward the sky in the direction from whence it came, I saw large objects sitting stationary in the sky. I think there were two of them, and it seemed to me that if they had not been stationary, they would be outrunning any sound I had heard. So I just stood there watching them.

Flying along at what I believed to be an attitude of from four to five thousand feet, approximately, were these objects. Their color was an amber or light tan. It was not actually brilliantly shining, but seemed to glow from within. They were definitely disc-shaped rather than round, and seemed to glide with little or no visible means of propulsion.

I called to my sister-in-law who was within calling distance, but she evidently did not see what I was observing, as she made no comment. I watched the objects for several minutes, and then they merely seemed to disappear. I could have blinked my eyes, I suppose, and they could have been gone, but I do not think that was the case. It was as if they had simply winked out of sight.

I called to my son who was outside and he, too, saw the objects and described them in much the same way I have. My brother-in-law, however, stated that he had not been able to see the objects at all.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

I, then ran to my mother's house. the car door was open the object was not the house by this time and behind some trees. the object was much larger than fauceed - massive - it hovered above some treetops and wasted no time. it moved away rapidly and was gone.

Around the edge of the object there seemed to be a sort of riboflip it was distorted, the top like an open umbrella. i t looked somewhat bluish in color and from my point of view generally shaped like a dish. a hole was also visible in the center of the object like an opening or hatched. i t seemed to be rotating through the glass.

i found then it is impossible two penetrate the glances. this should explain the strained vision and blurred sight - i am not sure what happened - perhaps it was too far away.

i have, on occasion, been able with these glasses to see an apparance these minutes before it was visible to my naked eye. perhaps this time it had lost visibility, or I had lost it.

the past thirty-six hours have been spent trying to think of an explanation. A strange body i t was the right color and they would go in a straight line was my first consideration but we call that the other officers and that this crittoney'too cold for bees , it move too cold for bird of bees activity such an attitude would even be many of its movements which made me think - think. I cannot believe that it was a swarm of bees.

finally, but perhaps more significantly than anything else was this observation: the birds of which there are many round about my house seemed their twittering and alighting. every few minutes a few would fly almost in the same path, and then return.

as for speed and size i shall let this remain as anybody's guess. i cannot describe what i did wait. so there is little too of trying to give diameonsons here . as for the speed, it was mentioned before, as for the size could not be determined from where i was standing. i had no basis for comparison and i wit nessed a fantastic spur t of speed.

Finally, but perhaps more signifigantly than anything else was this observation: the birds of which there are many round about my house, seemed this twittering and alighting. every few minutes a few would fly almost in the same path, and then return. Every -

- page 5 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an object described as a "UFO Reported By Taxi Driver". The sketch depicts an elliptical or oval-shaped object.

Project Saucer
May 12, 1966
Page 2

thing be/1966what ly quiet during its flight over head and for some minutes after its passing.  Two boys were standing very close to it and saw it fly up out of a pine thicket while pastering a small chicken.

May 1 further state that I was not nor had I been drinking anything strong at that time. Two or three other people I have talked to have had similar physical defects except for a bald head and some teeth badly in need of dental attention.

After yesterday's experience, no one will again tell me that these air-borne objects are illusionary.

This report was given orally 11 May 1966 to the Civil Defense Coordinator at Ronchester, Ohio.  I also reported it to the U.S.A.F. Recruiting office at Ashland, Kentucky.

It is not a recording according to you but a classified me as a dunce, so you must agree that it took not a little courage to approach all these authorities on a story which many people may not believe.

You will find enclosed a drawing which reports other sightings of recent date. My report was not mentioned for publication, as I have been told a good story is sometimes the object lesson. I must quite drawing.

Very respectfully yours,
[Signature]

UFO Reported
By Taxi Driver
Copy to: Jim Brown, 
This report was written: 
S a.m. today that he had picked up a fare about 3 a.m. this morning who said he had seen a UFO.  The driver said the object was circular in shape and that as it hovered over the car, he spotted two UFOs a few days ago which led to attempt to get a better look.  He was unable to do so.

- page 6 -

