There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book record, containing a report about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text from the report is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 16 January 66 16/2010Z
2. LOCATION: Waikiki Beach, Hawaii
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: North
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (DAYLIGHT METEOR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer sighted an object which he described as looking like a child's balloon, pearl white in color. The object was traveling at a very high rate of speed (estimated at 3,000 m.p.h.). There was no visible trail or exhaust. It disappeared suddenly, appeared to be a climbing maneuver, and was in view for about 5 seconds at a first sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report or document, likely part of Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

W. B. MacWhirter & Associates
Consulting Engineers
Civil 
Structural
Mechanical
Electrical
Engineers

Gentleman:

This is to confirm my telephone conversation with you about ten minutes after ten o'clock, this morning time, on 8 October 1954. I happened to be looking up over the construction site at that time when I saw an object in the sky which I estimated to be approximately 300 feet in diameter and at an elevation of about 3,500 feet, and which was travelling in a northerly direction at a speed which I would estimate to be approximately 300 miles per hour. The object was a bright, silvery color and appeared to be constructed of metal. The object was very bright and had a peculiar glistening effect, but not like a metal object reflecting sunlight - it seemed to have an inner brightness of its own. In form, the object appeared to be circular or slightly elliptical in shape. As it passed over the building I was observing, I could see it was not an aircraft of any known type. As it passed, it made no sound whatsoever. I was able to observe it for a period of about 30 seconds before it disappeared in the distance.

I am a commercial airline pilot. I have good vision, and many times in my career I have seen all types of aircraft, both military and civilian, and I can state with certainty that what I saw was definitely not a conventional aircraft as we know them. I am quite familiar with the appearance and performance of all types of military and commercial aircraft, and this object was definitely not like anything I have ever seen before. It was of a type and character which I cannot attempt to identify or describe in any familiar terms.

I trust this letter will provide you with the information you requested. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to call me.

- page 2 -

