The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a database of UFO sightings and investigations conducted by the United States Air Force.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 17 June 66 18/0300Z
2. LOCATION: North Vernon & Columbus, Indiana (2 witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Six
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: N/A
10. CONCLUSION: Probable (aircraft)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers were travelling NW when object came into view out of their right front window in the west. Object had red blinking lights. They appeared behind the woods. The one observer stated she did see one wing on the object. The object was very large and solid.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text output:

PFD (LETTER)
FLIGHT: PATTERSON AFB, OHIO  45433
8 July 1966

Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED]
Marion, Indiana  46952

Dear Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED],

REFERENCE: Your letter dated 29 June 1966. The information which we have received from Lt Col
Specific was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete and return the attached PID Forms 14 and return them in the
envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text.

Output of the text in the document:

[text of document]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph or any visual content other than handwritten text. There is a large black redacted section in the middle of the image.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
There is no text visible in the image that can be reliably extracted using OCR. The image appears to be a blank page with a large redacted section in the middle.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

Transcribed text from the document:

Marion, Indiana
40632.

July 26, 1966.

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr., U. S. A. F.
Chief, Project Blue Book 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

It was Friday night, June 17, 1966, in Indiana, and headed northwest from Columbus, Indiana. My wife and I decided to go to Indianapolis, on our way we turned onto state route 46 to go to Indiana.

Approximately eight or nine miles north of Vernon, on state route 46, I spotted a brilliant flashes of light in the distance. It appeared to come from somewhere low behind the trees. The flashes of light made such a stir, that I slowed the car down to get a better look. As I got closer, the flashes of light got brighter and brighter. When I got within about a quarter of a mile, I could actually see the object. It was hovering or suspended by itself about 30 feet above the ground. It was brilliantly lighted and seemed to be about 30 feet in diameter. It appeared to have a double deck or double shell, and the inner shell was revolving around the outer shell. The outer shell was completely smooth and the inner shell had what appeared to be portholes or windows around it. The object was perfectly still and silent, and we could see it very clearly. 

After turning right on to state route 46, the object followed us for about two miles before it seemed to drop behind the trees. We drove to Indianapolis and I immediately called the control tower at Hulman Field in Terre Haute, Indiana, to report the incident. I was told that no other reports had been received, and that a dual highway patrolman would be notified.

Just north of Columbus, we had become aware of a dual airplane and believe it may have been looking for the object we saw. The front of the plane had a flashing red light and it was looking up and down as it flew down the highway in front of us. The plane was extremely low and was flying very slowly, and the wings were pulsating up and down in a rhythmic motion. It seemed that they were looking for something, and I remarked to my wife that they must be looking for the object we had seen. The stars were unusually still, and I remarked to my wife that I had never seen the stars so still before, and I wondered if they could be affected in some way by the object we had seen.

When we reached Indianapolis, I immediately called the control tower at Hulman Field in Terre Haute, Indiana, to report the incident. I was told that no other reports had been received, and that a dual highway patrolman would be notified.

It seemed that the object no more than swooped right over the top of our car. It was in the front and back over the highway in front of us. It was very large, and looked ridiculous and perhaps dark in color. It seemed to be only about 30 feet above the car. It just went over us like a silent ghost, and we were somewhat amazed and mystified. When it went over, the light from the object lit up the inside of the car, and my wife said it made the car vibrate slightly. It was looking as though someone had turned on the car's interior lights. It seemed to go down over the opposite lane of the highway in front of us and dropped back over the trees. It was very large, and looked ridiculous and perhaps dark in color.

We continued on to Indianapolis and I was quite upset and disturbed when we arrived. It was very large, and looked ridiculous and perhaps dark in color. I again called the control tower at Hulman Field in Terre Haute, Indiana, to report the incident. I was told that no other reports had been received, and that a dual highway patrolman would be notified.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text describing a reported UFO sighting.

The text from the document is as follows:

it was shaped (the wing) exactly like a length of 2 x 4 lumber. On the back edge the wing line, or thickness of it, had a multitude of what appeared to be small black lights, or openings, with a slightly shiny rounded edge to them. It had a multitude of what was reported as "lighted dining car on a passenger train," as near from a distance of about 300 yards on the ground below. Apparently there was a connection for a fantastic call. The call was high, and perpendicular to the object, with an upward angle towards the top like that. It just reminded me of the familiar segments of the middle portion of the "spiraled" construction on the top of a water tower, that "spiraled" look (as seen on furniture) then ended at the top as nearly flat. By this time, I was leaning as far out the car window as possible. Physically, all the object portions were six or less of these small lights that passed over our car except for the further illumination of the shape. They were distinctly craft, in cascade, identical precision, lights That they were electrical/craft, in reverse, identical precision flight. I heard a voice remark, "You saw it, didn't you?" But why, I can't recall. It was very brief. We were only about one quarter mile away, the furthest we were behind it. As it left, there was no sound, and it disappeared in about a quarter of a mile. They were exactly the same distance apart, and exactly the same brilliant red lights, two more craft came into view. They were going nearly as fast as the first two had, but they were completely distinctive. They were large blinking brilliant red lights. They were completely distinctive except for the fact that they were a little dimmer in brilliance. I think two more craft from downstream came into view that were exactly the same except that they were a little dimmer.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document containing a detailed description of a UFO sighting. 

We drove on, and suddenly, coming towards us at tremendous speed, was one more combat-type object, the lights of which was being observed. It was a very low altitude, and it stayed there, while we drove by, and looked up at it. It was indeed like this: white-bright lights, and stayed there for what seemed to us like about a couple of minutes.

Completely around it, it just stayed there - "parked", or "maneuvered". For the object, as we could look back, and see it. All these craft moved effortlessly, and there was no sound. At first, it was silent. And I've never seen a "jet stop on a dime", so to speak, as these craft were so quick, and so close to us, and so brilliantly lighted.

I don't know why, but instinctively, I felt slightly afraid, if these were the most beautiful things I've ever seen. As soon as we arrived home, I made notes of everything I could think of. I told all my friends, and the doctor, who would listen. Nobody would believe me. They said I should never talk about it, or no one would believe me.

If I am no better than they are - but following are some bits and pieces that may be put together. Anytime they come, and at least have a landing, please contact me and let me know, as I would love to talk to, possibly these same people. I don't know, but I am very curious to learn more about them.

Very truly yours,
[Signature]

The text appears to be an eyewitness account of a UFO sighting, describing the object's maneuverability, lights, and the witness's reaction. The document does not contain any photographs.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a typed document on the letterhead of "Fontana Village Great Smoky Mountain Vacation Resort" in North Carolina, dated May 26, 1966.

Fontana Village
Great Smoky Mountain Vacation Resort
Fontana Dam, North Carolina
May 26, 1966

The text in the document is heavily redacted, with large portions blacked out. However, the remaining visible text appears to be discussing some kind of report or incident. The document appears to be part of the Project Blue Book archive, which was the U.S. Air Force's official program for investigating unidentified flying objects.

- page 8 -

