The image does not contain any photographic evidence. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 100'73 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 22 OF 29 APR '61 
2. LOCATION: LEESBURG, FLA.
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: NONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 MIN
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: GROUND VISUAL
7. COURSE: NORTH TO SOUTH
8. PHOTOS: NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an old UFO report.

TEXT OUTPUT:

CAPT (USAF) WALTER M. JOHNSON AFB, OHIO 45433
27 JULY 1966

Leesburg, Florida 32748

Dear Mrs.* * * *:

Reference your unidentified observation of April 1966. The information in your letter of 7 June 1966 was not sufficient to evaluate. Please complete ATIC form 154 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document.

Patirson, Leesburg, Fla.
April 5, 1966
Dear sir:--
On this date on Saturday 4-30-66, near sunset at around 6:30, I was enjoying my favorite pastime of seeing the sunset at the east end of our street, the end nearest the road.

On this particular evening, as I was looking at the sunset, I noticed movement in the sky to the northwest. This object seemed to be at a considerable distance and was traveling toward the east. It appeared to be round in shape and had a bright glow surrounding it. As it came closer, it seemed to slow down, then it moved erratically to the left, right, up and down. After it had been under observation for about 3 to 4 minutes, it suddenly accelerated at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from sight.

I immediately ran to the house and told my wife and son what I had seen. They came out and looked in the direction I indicated, but the object had vanished. There was no sound associated with the object. I have never seen anything like this before. I hope you will find this of interest. If you have any question, please feel free to ask.

Sincerely yours,
Patirson

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

OCR output:

" see, that seeming two small
that were spot, the biggest
one seen. The strang e mass
seemed advance, to the fact
that did appear at first to
be a thin and sharp edg ed,
became more diffused and
hazy as it seemed to near
observer. The fact that
some reported a 'halo* like
glow around it, may indicate
either a luminosity of its own
or a reflection of the moon.
The object itself, when closest,
appeared solid and about the
size of a orange, and about
200 feet away. Its movement
was purposeful and slow moving,
tho some observers stated it
appeared to make momentary
stops and then move on again.
This appears to be the most
significant report on record
so far, other flying objects
reported in this area about the
same time. The officer who
investigated this particular
incident, stated he was quite
convinced of the reality of
what the observers reported,
tho admitting he could offer
no explanation as to what
the thing actually was.

Then, such occurance to require
further research."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or letter. The handwritten text states:

"That the sightly or white the self might have related the object, and had no more to chronicle it."

"Yours very truly,
[Redacted]"

The document also shows the location as "Leesburg, Florida 32748".

- page 5 -

