There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a historical UFO report document.

PROJECT 10016 - SPECIAL REPORT
1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 10-8-66, 2030L 
2. LOCATION: Selfridge AFB, Michigan
10. CONCLUSION: Possible ASTRO (S/P)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers have observed many objects in the sky that appeared like stars. The objects are flashing red, green and white in color. Observers have observed many objects on several occasions. The description is consistent with that of an astronomical observation. 
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

This page of the Project Blue Book document contains a handwritten description of a UFO sighting, but does not include any photograph. I will now proceed to transcribe the text from the document:

They are many & many / their color is a bright gree / He is frankin air-keep / now we have seen 3 1/2 mins of the incident / have shot some ammu / when we were sure by their back door we could not see them anymore & it flashed Red & Green with white / Blinking on & off & it flashed but it was vary bright & we could see it almost all the time / Green as if it was around the horizon & gusts & came out and saw it with me / We flayed them the begger too and 3came / have i called the inspector. She had they miss / come & staid beca I deli in them / We try to them & mrs _ _ _ mentioned that is named who is our army & barn

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of handwritten text from a Project Blue Book document.

Transcript of the text:

So I went out there again to check it out
was other than so I called him a wacko
I went to take a look at the things we
against the rest of the evening in his room
which I saw less than 11:30 or so
watching what was a worm in our other actors
were very active at their area from the
frustration I was in I didn't wonder just but
the big (?) water when such made the fury of the
trees than I saw. There were 3 others
also to, the enemy in the forest. -
At about 11:30 we all went to bed & left
them up there. At 2 o'clock do wake up
and I hides in a witch in mutual
Looked up to one of the stars were a star

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten report or document. 

Page 6 - Dear the one concerned

The main thing I will explain a little later.
As for the glow, it was very bright - and a change after between a 2 o'clock & feeling 1/4 mile it did subpart back to hold 7/1/2s mile it back to hold.
3/4 of the time I noticed that to lead. 7 more while I feel from a 1/4 minute but it was.
1/6 on the bottom - this may be moved I don't know but i've from this side seen a round object and day 99 3/6 yes. Most means that we not we were not as kind to help it.
This almost landed by the lights. In fact this is not my eye has been kitting me for watching at a all these phenomena they in are pretty shy. This moon was and amounts found the my other moon I have seen. Sincerely bogoslav.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be part of a report or document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now transcribe the text found in the document:

the jodes - let move to the - Darrel love
there is nothing out the a motion but a laughing
noise just in clarities of stars y it blapful
only johnbreon made. After the disropes -
Every when it beams angrage to a growl
move - let bed lungs of string high for i -
found it was hard to land at the Darrell
merely then you say belive what I am - off
I see more more the in the other Div
know it is marvel for woman to look like the
but if I drit then I know this more mind

not the normal more then you are aware of the
time -
Give more they -
I how to read lights move - its old
lights the area on my before when my bed to .

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Because the man to my left was Bentley/ of our living in my bedroom went tow the
On and of the barn - let is the nearest house
A mile 2 way behind - he is a dining room
Going the back of the barn - my cat was in front 
of the window - it is up there even and
there there were no shadows on the ground and
it always came with a slight noise.  Because
before I woke the shadows on the ground I
found there were not any - the ground was
quite but my window was not up. in
in front of it I called the the higher quarter of 
behind of them was a moon the night as rather
no wind (I hate) there was no more sags for
anyone could make - I the garden ended have
the switch room so to the window as she would have.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

"It can separate planes with white light and red lights as some went by.
It could hear motors from planes.
When they passed the noise was gone too.

2-2-2
"UFOR" Reporting Data (continued)

e. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic, specific type of radar.)
Ground Visual

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
We sure wish we had telescopes, binoculars - it would help.

(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) 20th time-date group of sighting around 8 p.m.
(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: night, day, dawn, dusk.) Night

e. LOCATION OF OBSERVER(S). Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer and/or geographical position.

f. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVER(S):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.
Mrs. *************, 49-3/4 years old, some retired neighbors, another friend I do not have her name was visiting them.

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty and estimate of reliability.
N/A

ADC-1 Cmbt Spt Gp-CGC
Selfridge AFB, Mich."

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UFOII Reporting Data:
a. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
(1) Shape - Stars and the moon
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length: Good size (1) star (I'm not any good on size)
(3) Color: Red & Green (Green * White - 1 all green (large)
(4) Number: All told - I'd say 25 or so, but they come & go - you cannot count them for sure.
(5) Formation, if more than one: They are all around everywhere large.
(6) Any discernible features or details: Upon Very bright-changed shape
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): No
(8) Sound; if heard, describe sound: No sound
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Some stand still, others go up and down - same about across other trees tops, or out in the sky.

b. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? Green and star - 12 at about 5 p.m. or so
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: Up in the sky
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: It seemed to be coming down when we left it there & came home.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Name it and they have done it.
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? Instantaneously to the North, etc.) Some disappear and re-appear
(6) How long were the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc. - some are here all night in some spot, or at least 4 hours from out as early as possible.)

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE  
HEADQUARTERS 1ST FIGHTER WING (ADAC)  
SELFRIDGE AIR FORCE BASE, MICHIGAN 48045  

REPLY TO  
ATTN OF: 1-330  

SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING  

TO: AFSC (SLD) WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433  

1. The attached correspondence was not forwarded previously because we did not recognize the witness as reliable.  

2. However, she has telephoned us many times in the past few weeks, and has threatened to write to the President of the United States if we do not take action.  

3. The letters therefore, should be brought to your attention. Perhaps you can advise us on what action to take, if any, in a case like this.  

FOR THE COMMANDER  

/s/ NINA P. COSTIN, Captain, USAF  
Chief, Information Division  

Atch:  
1. Ltr.  
2. UFO Report

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Oct 12 - Wed - 7:30 - Dark night
Reddish green stars -

Oct 13 - Thurs - Cloudy evening
Morn or evening ? No satisfactory contact - 
A window shut before my arrival -
Never saw it before -
No moon visible became obscured -
Got up - as I woke up just then - 
Open and the disappears - No moon again
Looked wider - I could not out both window
Just moonlight on the ground on the road
for a green star got alternately
visible or the ground was more distinct
at some time -

Oct 14 Fifteen to nine - after this begins
up I will be resting a bench before I
get some sleep for my own

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report. 

Transcription of the text:

Oct 8 1966
Friday

Gentlemen:

I am enclosing my first letter. The service that might had of 0 home is rewritten as I will be the only one at home as can not stand the cold help up - my 12 yr old son has been in bed sick along with the all family. So if you can make it out will need will write a grading letter on. Guard the States of these unusual occurrence.

Oct 8 - 9 PM 1966 - Faint light
Oct 9 - 2:20 A.M 1966 - bright moon
Oct 9 - 3:15 A.M 1966 - Clearly visible
Oct 10 - Morning - Clearly visible & rained about 5:00 
until 7:00 - 6 stars around my home
Stationary

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

If you will to buy gasoline & tires got enough, it is so many things beginning & will not be able to give them in the right without - every night them to please rush to lend me 

A would fighter will not try to keep up what is if I am to tired. This is all I can use right at the moment. 

Since my health is not very good I need to take care my farmhouse and my family. I will to the best I can for the occasion than working under for inability.

Sincerely yours
[Signature redacted]

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Congratulations

Please reply is confidential and
it is all checked out. 
I believe your mait
here to ask you for an investigation.

I believe I have to give you one.
This is not the first phenomenon in
my life - the first occurred 33 1/2 grays (OZ is not descirbed at any ength what
any one leaves of expression of telling it- seeing miracable the bed of impossible.

The can be checked out. I did it
Remberimber when I told io wild help
experiment.

(Oz)

- page 13 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or note.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

So you can see by this that is not really something I planned for my self only.

Just right 6-8 about 8 o'clock we fixed where it was getting dark my amnage as just out done playing with me a young girl said look down on the field you. Where was to found some of the come to where he saw the special looking star - the called me and - I start it - it seem so easy our back yard - the whole of my neighbors property the other is more form this - be Tonro human is not we called on the phone they may have to come see what they did.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document, possibly an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

Gentlemen:

I am not telling you what I have seen because I don't know what from Sanford. That's the truth. Don't ask me a lot of silly questions that most of use believe in the whole matter good up there. I never questioned it anymore and I never wanted to deny it. I am not a man bigger only that I have trouble on the ground and I go to look at what might or see at on the ground - see the shadow or any where. The body in your office you just write with a little helping to a little longer. 

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document, likely a page from a Project Blue Book report.

As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

Page 4-

As we moved back and forth, we noticed another
to the side of our trajectory. Suddenly, some object
was green in color, apparently higher
than feely need to be was second as I brought
in to column Rea down, but very no often
We went to check on the one that was greenish white.
after about several and crossed the street to where
it was permission al night. This is again
Brightly feing in Brune - about 8 o'clock
or so my elder son Gin came home - he 25 years
old, two does to be seeming. He just in
born - he stayed we find flapping in waiting -
my way to energy to engage an story -
So he went into her room to watch television -

- page 16 -

