The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a record of a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP: 22 July 66 2220/0452
2. LOCATION: Takoma Park, Maryland
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer watched a coppery colored object with two red lights on top and one white light underneath. Object came on suddenly from the east and disappeared to the south. The two bright red lights appeared to have a slight pulsating or flickering movement. Object also appeared to have a slight exhaust trail. The sighting is consistent with that of an aircraft sighting.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a hand-drawn map or diagram, which does not contain any human faces. The image shows various labeled areas and shapes, including "Circle Ave.", "Conway Ave.", and annotations such as "White sic UNDER-CIRCLE HERE" and "U.F.O. SIGHTING 2-1-1966 APPROX 11:45 P.M. - NOTE NOT EXACTLY".

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

CIRCLE AVE.

CONWAY AVE.

WHITE SIC UNDER-CIRCLE HERE

U.F.O. SIGHTING 
2-1-1966 
APPROX 11:45 P.M.
NOTE NOT EXACTLY

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire used to gather information about a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 21 July 1966
2. Time of day: 11:45 P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Standing in my backyard, Takoma Park, Maryland
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes 50 seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? by recollection
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No ___
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear X b. Cloudy ___ c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? N/A

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with text responses filled in.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moon visible, d. Couldn't see stars or moon

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds  
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Dull, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): N/A
a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Sharply outlined, b. Blurred, c. Like a bright star, d. Gradually fading

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
[...] (Multiple other questions follow)

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Disappeared over the horizon.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: APPEARED WHITISH WITH TWO RED LIGHTS ON EACH END THAT STREAKED ONE WAY AND THEN THE OTHER AT TREMENDOUS SPEED. 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how large was the object in relation to the match head? IMPOSSIBLE TO ESTIMATE AS OBJECT WAS SO FAR AWAY AND AGAINST THE (UNR) UNNATURAL GREENISH GRAY OF THE SKY, THAT IT WAS DIFFICULT TO JUDGE OF SIZE OR ALTITUDE, EXCEPT THAT IT WAS VERY HIGH UP.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, lights, or special features. OBJECT APPEARED LIKE LARGE WHITE DISC WITH TWO RED LIGHTS AT EACH END THAT STREAKED BACK AND FORTH AT TREMENDOUS SPEED AND THEN DISAPPEARED OVER HORIZON.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text output from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   N/A

21. Do you think the object was moving fast away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   NOTES: FASTER THAN A SATELLITE, ONLY TOOK 2-3 SECONDS TO DISAPPEAR.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. In your home
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (SEE DIAGRAM ATTACHED)
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At --

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Other (EXPLAIN IF POSSIBLE)

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N/A
a. North   b. East   c. South   d. Southeast    e. Southwest   f. West   g. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield?   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
Similar to the above all the except appeared to have a strange top and bottom as it moved across the sky in 2-3 seconds.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a sketch or diagram showing a compass and instructions for a hypothetical UFO observation scenario. 

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object was when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object, and a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? N/A
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Never before of a saucer

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
M [ REDACTED ]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [ REDACTED ]
ADDRESS TAKOMA PARK, MD - 20012
TELEPHONE NUMBER [ REDACTED ]
AGE 44 SEX Male
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
21 July 1966 - Report passed to Andrews AFB and Navy Intelligence as routine operation. Details of the person who took the report is confidential to me.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 Galo6er 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation: I noted in the Case Opertion (Case 23) that the time of this observation was about 7:00 PM on 6 July 1966. The first impression was that it was a large aircraft flying low over the neighborhood. However, as the object approached closer, it was observed that it was much larger than any aircraft and was definitely not an aircraft, but a strange craft which defied explanation. It was first sighted over the northwest, flying in a north to south direction at an estimated elevation of 500 to 1000 feet above the ground. As it approached, it appeared to be slightly tilted, rocking back and forth, and emitting a low pitched humming sound. The craft was approximately 20 to 25 feet in diameter and about 12 to 15 feet thick through the center. It was surrounded by a dull glow, with the underside and edges of the craft lit up much brighter than the center. As the craft passed directly overhead, it was observed that the bright glow appeared to be coming from the underside only, with the top surface remaining dark. After passing overhead, the object made a sharp turn to the east and continued on its course at about the same elevation and speed. I could not detect any wings, propellers, or visible means of propulsion. There were no running lights or any other identification markings on the craft. The entire observation lasted approximately 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. I decided that it was definitely not any type of known aircraft and could only be described as a UFO. I feel that this sighting was of great importance and significance, and I am convinced that the object was real and not an illusion or hallucination. (Every relevant)

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

was that it was the low arrival and too light for a rain, it had rained previously the two red lights seemed to be illuminating the street and there appeared to be only two lights on the object. It moved slowly ant downward and then suddenly accelerated and literally disappeared from sight. I could see no details regarding any structure or outline other than the lights. I continued to watch the object in amazement. I had never seen anything like it before, and after a short time the object or lights simply disappeared. I told her about the object when I got home, but she claimed she had not seen anything. I continued in a steady course across the intersection. As said before, it was too low for a satellite, and the flight path did not indicate that it was a plane or helicopter. But the two bright red lights standing out on top, and one slightly lower than the other, and the fact that they seemed to function as spotlights illuminating the area underneath, definitely indicates that whatever it was, it was not an ordinary aircraft.

If you know anything of this day, gentlemen, I would appreciate your telling me any information you may have on it.

Oct. 4, 1966

- page 10 -

