The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a project blue book report, specifically the "PROJECT 10073 RECORD" form.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1 Oct 66 0530Z
2. LOCATION: Middletown, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 12
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: VARIED
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes 0 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes 0 No
10. CONCLUSION: (OTHER) INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted information]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 11 SEX M
[Redacted additional information]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted response]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 Day 5 Month 66 Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific prior questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Formulation would move around this was pretty all big things a little. Larger were 3' odd in take a little. May have turned it the time and allegory it cannot of stories. And an bright it as well. Glaring when I went to the site morning it was not.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a form filled out as part of a Project Blue Book UFO report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force certain information concerning the unidentified serial phenomenon which you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will you give will be used in connection with any start, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information and it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? OCT 1966

2. Time of day: 8:30 PM

3. Time Zone: Eastern or Daylight Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object? HIGH MIDDLETOWN, OHIO

5. How long was object in sight? 30T Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? BY THE TIME OF TRACK 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY Night just before daytime; Bright; Very clear

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
N/A

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image shows a scanned page from what seems to be a UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with multiple choice questions.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. Don't know

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply outlined, c. Other - looked like 'extreme extermity' 

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) - Various yes/no/don't know questions about the object's behavior

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast h. No

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you saw.
They were large round slightly oval white objects which shone brightly through the cloud cover but hovered in place.

- page 6 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with text and handwritten responses to a questionnaire.

THE CENTER WOULD FLASH OFF AND ON 
AND APPEAR 

White bright light

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
THE CENTER WOULD FLASH OFF AND ON AND APPEAR TO FLASH OFF THE EDGE OCCASIONALLY

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Circle One: Yes |Close Do| Don't know. If you answered YES: It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Circle One: Yes | No | Don't Know. If you answered YES: It moved in front of: cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: WHITE BRIGHT LIGHT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you had performed this experiment, what was the result?
Y 3-5.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch all the details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
EACH ONE WAS JUST LIKE A STAR 5-7 TH MAGNITUDE.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES

31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] LAST NAME: [redacted] FIRST NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] MIDDLETOWN, OHIO [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] AGE: 15 SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which you feel is relevant.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
10 - 7 - 66

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing diagrams and instructions related to sketching and describing UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line that shows how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "D" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? MANY Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report or document, likely related to a UFO sighting.

The text in the document reads:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  OCT 10 
   Day   Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Only that it would turn to the left and circle back. It was in perfect form.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with various notes and observations.

OCR output:

Gat, 41 1:45 a, m. - 6:30 a, m. - Middletown, Ohio

Apparent motion:
unusual radar indicated
3 - erratic lights light

1. large bright light
2, small white light
3) could not determine

31 - lights
Lake: faint to solid glow
Spread - out wirel-) $

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Text output:

PTD (UFOIN.TR) 15
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
5 October 1966

Mrs.
Middletown, Ohio 45012

Dear Mrs.

Reference your unidentified observation of 4 October 1966.
The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a
evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 16
and return it to this office.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

Sincerely, 

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

5 Oct 66

Contact with Base Operations, WP AFB, on any aircraft airborne or about 0550 EST on 4 Oct 66. At 0430 a B 52 landed at 0638 EST and departed at 0630 EST. There were two landing at Dayton airports at 0707 EST and a DC-6 at 0430.
There were no aircraft formations that were known to be flying Middletown, Ohio.

Two KC-135s arrived at WP AFB on the morning of 4 Oct. 66, one 0521 and the other at 0532 EST.

- page 13 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Middletown, Ohio
5:30 6 o'clock several - 12 -
with
Middletown, Ohio
11-17 
450042

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing textual information about an observation of approximately 31 objects, with a brief summary and analysis.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP 4 Oct. 66 1050Z
2. LOCATION Middletown, Ohio
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS about 31
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 30 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual 
7. COURSE West and North
8. PHOTOS 9 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE X No
10. CONCLUSION Other(Birds)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a formation of approximately 31 objects hovering in the sky, then move towards the north. The objects appeared to be bright, larger than a star, and were as bright as a light bulb. Contact was made with the Air Force Operations in the area. Two KC-135s were over the area at about 4 Oct. 66, but at different locations. The description of the objects did not fit the normal pattern of aircraft reported for a bird.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text output from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on a possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have a sighting of. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4 OCT 1966
2. Time of day: 5 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ROOSEVELT SCHOOL (PAVED) MIDDLETOWN OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30+ Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By DURATION OF TRACK
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy (c. Cloudy)
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object and the surrounding conditions.

B. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain FROST
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: it appeared a fuzzy star with no light points or pattern.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

THE CENTER ONE WOULD DISAPPEAR A BACK
(CIRCLE ONE): Yes No Don't Know If you answered YES,
it moved behind: CLOUD
(CIRCLE ONE): Yes No Don't Know IF you answered YES, 
in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NO
b. Color: BRIGHT - WHITE
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known or familiar object. IF you had performed this experiment, how much of the object is covered by the match head?
ALL COVERED
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any features of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or any other details that would help to show the direction the object was moving.
[No drawing provided]

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document containing a sketch and text.

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they moved.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approxiamately 1/2 mile  

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a vehicle
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ________
e. At sea
f. Other Near my residence

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ________

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield  Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.  A hazy, indistinct light or luminous object, brighter than a star, was seen moving slowly at a low altitude near my residence.

Text output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approxiamately 1/2 mile  

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a vehicle
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ________
e. At sea
f. Other Near my residence

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ________

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield  Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.  A hazy, indistinct light or luminous object, brighter than a star, was seen moving slowly at a low altitude near my residence.

- page 20 -

