The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, a USAF program that investigated UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 30 April 66 2230
2. LOCATION: Sacramento, California
10. CONCLUSION: I. Astro (Venus) = 4'30"
4. NATURE OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 25 - 30 minutes
6. COURSE OF ACTION: Ground-Visual
7. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from what looks like a Project Blue Book document, which was a US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document reads as follows:

June 28, 1966

FTD (TDEV)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio  45433
Project Blue Book

Dear Sir,

In regards to the enclosed letter. This is the second copy you have sent me. According to the information you stated April 29 - May 9, 1966. They should be able to give you any more information you may need.

If there is anything else I can do (other than fill out forms) please let me know.

Sincerely,

[Redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Project Blue Book division of the United States Air Force, addressed to an individual from Rancho Cordova, California.

The text of the letter is as follows:

PTD (OPEN)
M-22-23-Jefferson AVE, OHIO 45433
23 June 1966

Rancho Cordova, California 95670

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

Reference your unidentified observations of 29 and 30 April 1964. The information which you have supplied is now complete. The attachments, PTD Form 16h and return it in the envelope provided. We wish that you submit your observations to the.

Sincerely,

MAJOR CERTIFICATE, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report about a UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT SYMBOL: AFSC (FTD)
1. SUBJECT: Report of UFO 
2. INC NUMBER: 
3. DATE OF INFORMATION: 30 April 1966
4. DATE OF REPORT: 30 April 1966
5. NO. OF PAGES: 2
6. REFERENCES: 
7. ORIGINATOR: Mrs. Jean W. May, Rancho Cordova, California, State Law Enforcement Division
8. APPROVING AUTHORITY: JOHN R. ARMSTRONG, Major, USAF, Chief, Law Enforcement Division
9. SUMMARY: Mrs. Jean Miller, above address, called Operations Branch at 0754, 30 April 1966, to report the following information of object:
a. Description of object: shape - round and flat, size - appeared 15 inches at arms length, baseball like, number - one, color/shape - none, surface features - textured, rough looking surface, diagonal streaks or light; a dark spot in center, object - small oval, definite whitish-red trail, trail visible when object disappeared.
b. Date and time sighted: between 0500 and 0600 hours, 29 and 30 Apr 66
c. Manner of observation: ground, visual
d. Optical aids: 10 power telescope and Army type binoculars
10. DISTRIBUTION: AFSB (FTD)
V. Wright-Patterson AFB

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a "DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" document.

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
CONTINUATION SHEET
4. Time and date of sighting: 0500 to 0600 on 29th and 30th April 1966.
5. Location of observer: Lincoln Village, Rancho Cordova.
6. Identification of observer: Civilian housewife, Mrs. ______________
7. Weather and wind report by Base Operations for period of sighting:
a. Clear visibility 10 miles plus; wind -330 degrees, 5 knots on 29 Apr 66
b. Clear visibility, 5 miles plus, wind -330 degrees, 6 knots, 30 Apr 66
c. No known thundershowers in the area
8. Unusual conditions which might account for sighting: none
9. No identification or interception was taken at time of sighting
10. No air traffic in area at time of sighting
11. Report compiled by Sgt. Harold W. Constock, Operations, Branch, Security and Law Enforcement Division, McClellan AFB, California. Possible sighting may have been the planet Venus or possibly some flare or light from the nearby Mather AFB.
12. Existence of physical evidence or existence: none

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book regarding a report of unidentified observations from April 29 and 30, 1966 in Rancho Cordova, California.

FTD (TDEW)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
16 MAY 1966

Lincoln Village
Rancho Cordova, California 95670

Dear Mr. -:

Reference your recent unidentified observations of 29 and 30 April 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it to us in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. MAJOR, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated April 6, 1966 from the U.S. Air Force's Major Victor Quintanilla to an unnamed recipient regarding an unidentified object sighting that occurred on April 30, 1966 in Sacramento, California.

TEXT OUTPUT:

PTD (METR) 
44-1g-Tchnolo
N Jffht-Tchnc 
Wright-P 0 AF Ohio 45433

Sacramento, California 95827

Dear Mrs. 

Reference your letter 35-22 August 1966 regarding your unidentified object sighting made at about 8:15 p.m. on 30 April 1966. We are unable to offer a conclusive explanation. Venus could have been observed along with the UFO, since it was sighted about 0.75 hours after sunset and your comparison of size and brightness is consistent with this explanation. However, we are unable to confirm or deny that Venus should have been observed along with the UFO, since it was being categorized as unidentified.

I regret our inability to provide a conclusive explanation. I wish to thank you for your time and your consideration. 

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text.

Mrs. Hall from Base OPS, Mather AFB, ext 2141
will call regarding the observation of 30 Apr 66.
The only thing as far as reports go was -
They had a call on the 30th of Apr but it was not
regarded as a UFO - nothing more on this.
Mrs. Hall is going to check it out and see if she
can find out anything/hand of activity in the area that
might match the sightings. The fire department
also.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a conversation about UFO sightings and investigations.

Conversation of 23 Jul 66 with Masher AFP, California, - Base Ops, HRI: BALL revealed that the dispatcher at Masther had received numerous UFO reports during March, April, May in the early morning hours with the same description. Investigation found fuel testing in Nevada. Looked like it went down into the fuel storage area. Went behind the mountains, gave this type of appearance. The fuel testing was being done at Jack Ass Flats, Nevada. Happened almost every morning during March, April and May. When Mrs. Hall finds the name of the personnel or company who were doing the testing she will send the address to us on a buckslip.

Mrs. Hall checked with the fire dispatcher and they had no fires in that area reported by Mrs. Miller on either the 29 - 30 April 1966.

Jackson Flats is a nickname and is approximately 550 miles East of Masher AFS. A large restricted area southeast of Tonopah, Nevada. They had no way of knowing if whether the testing was being done on the ground or by aircraft dropping fuel. Dispatcher did not know who informed him of the fuel testing.

8 August 66
Conversation with Nellis AFB, Nevada: The fuel testing that takes ever dack ABS Flats is burning of JP-4. The flames reach an altitude of about several hundred feet. The flames could not be visible in California.

- page 9 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (TDSER)
VAT, Wght-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
2 August 1966

Mrs. [Redacted]
Sacramento, California 

Dear Mrs. [Redacted],

The phenomena which you have reported for 30 April 1966 has been discussed with the first Department at Wather AFB, California and they had no record of a fire on the evening of 30 April.

It appears that you observed a fuel testing which took place over the western part of Sacramento. This testing, which is routine, has been reported in the local press and it was not a fuel testing.

I wish to thank you for bringing the 30 April 1966 evaluation on your sightings to our attention.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PLTD (OETR)
155 MALL-VUES
MALL-VUES
OHIO 44433

Sacramento, California 95827

Dear Mr.

Please excuse the delay in answering your inquiry. Due to our heavy workload at this time, it has not been possible to provide
a prompt reply.

An evaluation of your sighting was made and our conclusion is that your object was Venus. On 29 April 1966, Venus was rising at an azimuth of 110 degrees and on elevation of 15 degrees. At that time it was the brightest object in the eastern sky, next to Jupiter being next to Venus. As it brightest, can be seen in daylight with the proper atmospheric conditions. The object you observed exhibiting fantastic speeds, when viewed through haze or mist, Venus appears to perform erratic maneuvers. This can be explained by the refraction of light through varying atmospheric conditions.

I feel sure this is an explanation of what you saw. You mentioned that "the object was like a bright star but was not twinkling like a star." This other characteristic indicates the Venus observation. Atmospheric planes are often seen near Venus and can give the illusion of angular motion.

Thank you for your interest in Project Blue Book.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Ir. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, which is a questionnaire about an unidentified aerial phenomenon that the witness observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible on this form. The information will be treated with strict confidence, and will not be used in any official conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 2:26 to 2:28 A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Meadowview, Sacramento, Calif.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 to 3 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT - Slightly overcast, full moon
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter addressed to a Major Quintanilla from an individual named Wright-Patterson AFB.

PFI (PGET) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433 
Maj or Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF 
Office, Project Blue Book

Dear Sir, 

In regards to your most recent correspondence, I cannot believe that your will see more nor satisfy much statement. I have seen nothing whatsoever about and do you must be 26 June 1966 correspondence to me. 

The fire occurred and such as I have just received. The sails like it to the first form. 

UFO. This is the first time in my life that I have ever seen a UFO. Untrue concerning such operation and I thought could be brethren with most officers and flying with the intention of seeing time or interest. I cannot this does not seem to be position and I hope I do not receive any correspondences in this comes trend.

Sincerely,

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a letter or document from the Project Blue Book archives.

CALIFORNIA 30 APRIL 66
WF J KIPPO PERSON AFPB, OHIO 45433
27 AUGUST 1966
SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA 95827
Dear Mrs. [Redacted],
Reference your letter of 11 August 1966 regarding your observation on 30 April 1966. We have had a chance to research your case and I find that you have been referring to the case we received from you on 30 April which states that you did not see any object on 30 April.
In order that we may avoid confusion and any misunderstandings on your sighting of 30 April, we would appreciate your completing a new AFD Form 164 to explain what you observed. Since we have your original report on the sighting of 30 April, we ask that you confirm your sighting carefully and scientifically. Therefore, request you complete a new AFD Form 164 and return it to us as soon as possible.
Sincerely,
HECTOR QUINTANILIA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
2 Attachs
AFD Form 164 4/23/56

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a letter dated July 23, 1966.

Text extracted from the document:

ATIC (GETR) 
WCL-2-Peters on AFB, Ohio  45433
Hector Quintanilla, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Dear Sir,

I have just received your letter dated July 12, 1966. It was in replies to my letter of April 29, 1966. As you remember, I wrote to you, mentioning the incident of April 30, or the red object that caused a fire.

The object in question on April 29, 1966 was not moving toward the EE, as was the case in the object I mentioned. It was seen by several very reliable people and it was not moving at all. This would specify the case of April 30, as the one I wrote you about.

Also, the white object that dropped a little red, whatever it was, was certainly not the same as the one I described in my letter. There could be two causes for the fire. It was not a fire started by the object but rather a fire that was very dangerous location, being right across the street from the station. The object just hovered the direct to cause the fire to light up after dropping the red it. It was in a very dangerous location, being right across the street from the station. The object just hovered the direct to cause the fire to light up after dropping the red it. It was in a very dangerous location, being right across the street from the station.

I accept your conclusions on the April 29, 1966 sighting. It was fascinating to watch and certainly beautiful. However I am still deliberating about the other incident and the white shining object that floated down.

Hope to hear from you soon.

Sincerely,

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document, specifically an envelope or mailing cover addressed to PTD (Meter) Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433, with the return address of Sacramento, California and a postmark date of July 23, 1966. The text on the document indicates it is related to "Project Blue Book".

AIR MAIL
PTD (METER)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB
OHIO  45433

Project Blue Book

- page 16 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this document from the Project Blue Book files. The image shows a typed letter dated August 24, 1966 addressed to "RTD (CAPT)" from Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, regarding a previous letter about a UFO sighting on April 29 and 30, 1966. The letter discusses the sighting details and the writer's overall perspective on the matter.

As requested, here is the text from the document, transcribed using an OCR system:

August 24, 1966

RTD (CAPT)
Wright-Patterson AFB, OHIO 45433

Hector Quintanilla Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Dear Sir:

In regards to your letter of August 22, 1966. There 
certain have been a misunderstanding:

As I have mentioned before, I accept your conclusions for
the April 29, 1966 sightings. The image I saw were very 
brief. However, you made no mention of the next sighting 
on April 30. I was mentioning that I had 
also seen something that 
disappeared absolutely no idea what to think about that.

For, on the same day, there was a third and separate sighting and I thought this was understood. I was observing it for 
quite a while after the first two sightings, about 15 minutes.
Apparently, it is not relevant to the April 29 and 30 sightings
but there is no relation between the two cases that I can ascertain, it would you please check the PBB form again. I am sure I wrote the fire form.

One I reported the April 29 and 30 sighting and was sent only
one form. I assume you wrote me to acquire the full case file.

On my July 23, 1966 letter, I mentioned the April 29 sighting 
and the white object that dropped something red and the fire in a third
case. I was staring at the object when I saw something drop and understook there.

Now about your request to fill out the PBB form again. The sightings
were quite a while back and I am sure I could not recall the details 
exactly as I saw them on that day. Certainly, you will have to comply with
the regulations, but I have no illusions about UFO, feeling there is a practical
and sound explanation for just about everything. I was just curious in reporting
what I did see. Well you promise, not to send me any more forms.

Most Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 17 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLAS EFTO
REPORTED THAT A NIGHT CROSS-COUNTRY TRAINING FLIGHT WAS IN SESSION AND HAD BEEN FOR THE PAST HOUR. THIS ALLEGED SIGHTING WAS THE SECOND FOR YOUNG SHAFFER AND INVESTIGATOR SERIOUSLY QUESTIONS HIS EYESIGHT. HE ADMITTED BEING NEAR-SIGHTED AND INVESTIGATOR OBSERVED THAT HE WAS WEARING THICK GLASSES. INVESTIGATOR SPENT APPROX. 1 MIN WITH THE GROUP OF BOYS SHOWING THEM THE VARIOUS AIRPLANES THAT WERE FLYING AND EXPLAINING THEIR NIGHT PATTERNS. WHICH IS NORMAL REPORT.

- page 18 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in the provided image. The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Meteor's Fiery Death Scare" and a description of a bright object or "meteor" that was observed in the sky. The article also mentions comments from experts on the nature of the object. At the bottom of the image, there is a caption that reads "Contrail of Flaming Meteor That Raced Over Northern California".

Text extracted from the document:

10,000 TIMES BRIGHTER THAN STARS

Meteor's Fiery Death Scare

NEW YORK, Apr. 26 (AP)--A vivid fireball, described by scientists as a meteor, flashed across the sky last night, exciting thousands from the eastern seaboard to Ohio.

Dr. Thomas C. Nicholson, chairman of the Hayden planetarium, called the object an "exceptionally bright meteor" that left a multi-colored, smoky vapor trail. He said it was about 10,000 times brighter than the brightest star at night.

ASTONISHED viewers reported sighting the flaming object from the Carolinas to Quebec and as far west as Ohio.

The object touched off a sensation at the height of its journey as thousands peered skyward in wonder. Some described it as a large falling star that lit up the countryside while others seemed frightened.

Police stations were swamped with reports of a jet airplane crash and flying saucers.

While there were unconfirmed reports that the object or parts of it had landed, most astronomers believe that it probably disintegrated during its flight.

THERE WAS no clear agreement on the size of the object.

Dr. Nicholson, who said the object was probably one-third the size of the moon, estimated that it was traveling about 25 miles a second at an altitude of 50 to 75 miles in the western sky, estimated that it was perhaps "several hundred pounds."

But Dr. Fred L. Whipple, director of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, Mass., said:

"It was a meteor which must have been less than the size of a football."

A spokesman for the U.S. Naval observatory in Washington said the object was probably a man-made satellite, as some believed, because it was scheduled to reenter the atmosphere.

SOME SCIENTISTS speculated that the object may have been a Bolide, which is a type of meteor that burns itself out more slowly than other meteors as it enters the

Contrajl of Flaming Meteor That Raced Over Northern California

- page 19 -

The image contains a photograph of a flaming meteor or object that has passed over the Northeastern United States. The photograph shows a trail of light and smoke stretching across the sky. The text below the image identifies this as the "Contrail of Flaming Meteor That Raced Over Northeastern United States; Halo Upper Part of Picture Is Watermark".

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

METEOR'S FIERY DEATH SCARES, AMUSES THOUSANDS IN EAST
A FIERY FUNERAL PYRE IN THE SKY
BRIGHTER THAN STARS
APR 26 — A wild fireball, brighter than the planet Venus, flashed across the northeastern sky yesterday evening, startling thousands of persons who rushed to see it as it streaked across the heavens. 
The object was reported seen from the Carolinas to Maine, sparking a flood of telephone calls to police and newspapers and setting off speculation as to the cause.
Dr. S.K. Vsekhsvyatskii, director of the Odessa Astronomical Observatory said the fireball must have been brighter than the planet Venus and had a mass of several tons.
He said calculations indicate it came within 15 miles of the earth at a downward angle of 30 degrees before burning up in the upper atmosphere and makes a noise at the end of its trajectory.
Most reports said the object turned from white to green and traveled in a northsouth direction at an estimated altitude of 30 to 100 miles above the earth at its initial sighting. Other reports said it had a yellow-orange color and appeared to have a tail.
A path of fluorescent green trailing the object was reported visible for as long as 30 seconds after it disappeared from view.
AN ASTRONOMER said today a flaming object believed to be a meteor, may have either disintegrated or plunged to earth near the U.S.-Canadian border in upper New York state.
Dr. Curtis Hemingway, director of the Dudley Observatory, Albany, N.Y., said the object was last sighted southwest of Montreal and continued moving across the northern border of New York, drilling thousands from the Carolinas to New England as it traveled.
Hemingway said it would be "most unusual" to find any parts of the object if it came to earth to test it for radiation, although he indicated there was little to fear from such meteor showers.
Hemingway also said a sonic boom heard over the Albany area drove three to five windows at supersonic speeds.

Camera NEWS
Page 16, Tuesday, April 26, 1966

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a typed document or report.

JACKSONVILLE, FLA., APRIL 22 0?): JACKSONVILLE RESIDENTS WHO SAID THEY OBSERVED THE GHOST OF A MAN, DRESSED IN WHITE AND TOPPED BY A WHITE CLOUD, NEAR MURRAY HILL WERE SO IMPRESSED BY THE EXPERIENCE THAT THEY CALLED TO ADULTS WHO SAID THEY'VE SEEN GHOSTS BEFORE.

CHURCH OFFICIALS CALLED SO MUCH THAT LAST NIGHT THE MINISTER OF A NEARBY CHURCH COULD NOT QUIET THE POLICE UNTIL HE PROMISED TO ATTEMPT A SPECIAL SERVICE. OFFICIALS SAID THE WITNESSES WERE OBVIOUSLY SINCERE BUT THERE WAS NOTHING THAT COULD BE DONE ABOUT IT. POLICE COULD NOT CONFIRM THIS EXPLANATION, BUT THERE WERE HINTS THEY PLAN TO CHECK IT OUT IN SOME LEISURE HOURS.

- page 21 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It contains a newspaper article or report titled "Another UFO Mystery Ends in Ohio" which describes an incident where two deputy sheriffs in Washington Court House, Ohio witnessed an unidentified flying object. The article provides details about the incident and includes information about the size, movement, and disappearance of the object.

However, there is no photograph or image visible in this particular page of the document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Another UFO Mystery Ends in Ohio
WASHINGTON COURT HOUSE, Ohio (AP) - Two deputy sheriffs of this central Ohio community say they saw a flying object here Tuesday night that puzzled them.
Sheriff's son Thompson's ray deputy, here's and sheriff Dwight Radcliff discussed the sighting in the office the next day.
"At 10:45 p.m. Tuesday," Thompson said, "my deputy and I were driving along East temple Street, about a mile east of the city, when I noticed an object in the sky a little east of our location."
Thompson described the object as "round and a little lighted" and said it moved "like a pickerway." It was at about 800 feet, he estimated, and about 800 yards away.
"It hovered there for about 30 seconds and then took off in a northeast direction at a terrific rate of speed," Thompson said. "My deputy and I both saw it, and when we got back to the office, Dwight Radcliff was just coming in from his rounds. We told him about it, and he said he'd been hearing reports from others of similar sightings in this area recently."
A military spokesman at Lockbourne Air Force Base near Columbus, about 50 miles north, said the base had no aircraft in the Washington Court House area about that time.
The sightings here came a little more than a month after a 4,500-pound "payload" which several persons had reported seeing plunge from the sky over, Franks Grove, Ohio, about 10 miles from here, turned out to be a collapsed weather balloon.

- page 22 -

The image contains a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this page. 

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
B.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer 
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry 
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Translucent
c. Vague

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.
The brightness of the object was brighter than the bright moonlight and brighter than any star or distant light.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush out of sight at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Appear to be spinning? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know 
e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
30. He's a lawyer, 1922 this, a strange object before, it is a gray-gray round and oblong glance. However, the shape of the same object was represented brightly on the next rise. 
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes __ No ✓
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes __ No __
32. There is just a single 8" x 7" object with a flare. There is an OBJECT NEARING THE EDGE BETWEEN SCARSDALE, N.Y.
18. (Apt) Apartments next to the Golden Horseshoe. THEY are telling them WESTCHESTER in SCARSDALE. 
A just, that other people had seen the same night. 
NAME: _____
ADDRESS: _______ Scarsdale, N.Y.
AT TIME OF SIGHTING I was at 92 Morris Ln, S. 
TELEPHONE: _______
I indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. AVATION. I AM FAMILIAR WITH MOST KNOWN CONVENTIONAL AND UNUSUAL AIR CRAFT AND CAN ACCURATELY JUDGE THEIR IDENTITY. From training I have seen previous of obtaining distances and speeds through triangulation methods which I have given and received training for often for accuracy. ALSO, I HAVE FAIRLY GOOD VISION AND MY HEARING (as well as the others is good). IS THERE ANY THING YOU WISHED TO ADD THAT MIGHT BE PERTINENT TO THIS CASE? The apparent slight noise and command of movement so accurately shown, both horizontally and vertically, would interest me in knowing more of this development. 
33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten] 4/7 - T.S. Editor's Dispatch newspaper, Scarsdale, N.Y.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document related to a UFO sighting or report.

UFO form continued 
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 300 - 400 MPH. Perhaps 1,000 MPH possibly even higher.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Approx. 1/2 to 1 mile.
22. Where was the object first sighted in relation to your position? 
a. In the sky
b. On the horizon
c. Near the zenith (straight above)
d. Near the ground
e. In the business section of a city?
f. In the residential section of a city?
g. Over a rural area?
h. Near an airport?
i. Near an airfield?
j. Flying over a lake or ocean?
k. Other
[Checked box next to]: k. Other - Well above Sacramento, California, U.S.A.
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
a. North
b. East 
c. South
d. West
e. Northeast
f. Northwest
g. Southeast
h. Southwest
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
[Checked box]: Yes
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses 
b. Sun glasses
c. Windows
d. Windshield
[Checked boxes]: a. Eyeglasses - Yes, c. Windows - Yes
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words an account of your observation as completely and in as much detail as you can.
IT WOULD BE VERY DIFFICULT-I DONT THINK I HAVE EVER SEEN ANYTHING SIMILAR BEFORE. The object was very high and appeared to be suspended at a stationary position. It was illuminated, giving off a bluish white glow. It was larger than any aircraft I have ever seen and only showed up against the skyline-appearing to be about the size of a dime held at arms length. It maneuvered through the cloud cover without any apparent turbulence and then suddenly disappeared from sight. This was witnessed by other observers but only a few of us recognized it for its peculiar characteristics.

- page 25 -

The image appears to be a "FORCE UFO FORM" that asks various questions about a UFO sighting, including observations about the object, its appearance, and behavior. There is no photograph present in this particular document page.

FORCE UFO FORM
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? a. STARS (Circle One): 1. Dimmer 2. Brighter 3. Don't remember
b. MOON (Circle One): 1. Bright moonlight 2. Dull or obscured 3. Don't remember
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear b. Hazy c. Thin, wispy d. Thick or heavy clouds WEATHER (Circle One): a. Calm b. Windy c. Rain, or light rain d. Snow e. Don't remember
10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Transparent c. Solid d. Don't remember It was a glowing solid in appearance.
11. If it seemed to be a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. About the same c. Dimmer d. Don't remember No, it was NOT brighter than the brightest star. It stood out that was brighter than the stars due to its glowing solid appearance.
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Sharply defined c. Changing d. Don't remember The edges were sharply defined.
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still or move? Yes No Don't know b. Suddenly appear and disappear? Yes No Don't know c. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know e. Change shape or color? Yes No Don't know f. Make any noise? Yes No Don't know g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 26 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a diagram with various angles and directions, as well as a descriptive text below. There does not appear to be any photograph in this particular page.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was (flying) when you first saw it. If there is a line to show the changes in the object's height from the time you first saw it to the time it disappeared, place a "B" on this line to show how high the object was when it disappeared.
90°
75°  
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

They changed their particular patterns and formations, sometimes they would go in a straight line changing their position and attitude repeatedly, sometimes they would go in a circular pattern, and at other times they seemed to be maneuvering as would any conventional aircraft, but with no noise at all. When a plane came over during the sighting, they would instantly disappear and reappear as soon as the plane had passed.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

ON THE NIGHT OF APRIL 7, 196 6, I contacted the newspaper people about the information which i felt was important, because of fear of ridicule and my health problems, etc. i was later requested by friends and relatives to tell and say that i did not actually observe the object since that time i have been persuaded by friends and relatives to tell and say that i did not actually observe the object since that time i have been persuaded by friends and relatives to tell and provided them a narrative i have checked the various local reports and they were not unusual at all the object which i observed was a solid object and i cannot explain what i saw i can only say i did observe something of substance was in the sky. for various reasons beyond my control, i was unable to take a photograph of the object. the person who contacted me stated that they would not like it but i am sending this report since i felt the truth was as close as possible to the facts. one sightings (about 200 feet) and at other times were as far apart as a mile or more. at times were as close as one shiplength (about 200 feet) and at other times were as far apart as a mile or more. it is a combination of fear and wonder - unlike anything i have ever experienced before. i have sincere hope that these reports will be of some help to you. Thank you for your time, etc.

- page 28 -

The image appears to contain a form or document from the U.S. Air Force related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) report. There is a hand-drawn sketch at the bottom of the page showing the shape and movement of an observed object.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It seemed to disappear into a cloud or haze 

15. Did the object move behind anything, such as a cloud, building, etc.?
Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Could the object have been a known object such as an airplane? 
Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape all types which as round, oval, cylindrical, disc-shaped, etc. 
b. Color still-white, changing as to numerous types of colors as observed
c. Brightness dull - bright as the sun and under all weather

18. We wish to know the apparent size of the object. Describe the size of the object in some way that will indicate how much of the sky it covered. If you have had experience in observing aircraft, you might compare its apparent size with the size of known aircraft at various distances.
About covered it.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object which may help identify it. Draw the object as accurately as possible showing the exact direction it was moving, its flight path, etc.

(Hand-drawn sketch depicting a saucer-shaped object with a wavy movement)

OCR Output:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
It seemed to disappear into a cloud or haze

15. Did the object move behind anything, such as a cloud, building, etc.?
Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Could the object have been a known object such as an airplane?
Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape all types which as round, oval, cylindrical, disc-shaped, etc.
b. Color still-white, changing as to numerous types of colors as observed 
c. Brightness dull - bright as the sun and under all weather

18. We wish to know the apparent size of the object. Describe the size of the object in some way that will indicate how much of the sky it covered. If you have had experience in observing aircraft, you might compare its apparent size with the size of known aircraft at various distances.
About covered it.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object which may help identify it. Draw the object as accurately as possible showing the exact direction it was moving, its flight path, etc.

(Hand-drawn sketch depicting a saucer-shaped object with a wavy movement)

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as completely as possible. The information that you give will be used solely for official purposes. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
21 
Day  Month  Year

2. Time of day:  15
Hours  Minutes  (Circle One)  a.m. or p.m. 

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)  a. Standard
b. Daylight Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
OGDENSBURG NEW YORK
Nearest Point Address    City or Town     State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2   15 
Hours  Minutes  Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? BEST WATCHES
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  YES

6. What was the condition of the sky?
NIGHT
(Circle: Clear, Hazy, Partly Cloudy, Overcast, Rain, Fog, Other)

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):  a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right
d. Behind you
e. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

ON HEELS OF CHASE 

REPORTS GO BACK 39 Apr 66

Ad Plane Causes 
Another UFO Flap

Another "flying object" was reported to several Beaver County police departments by many Beaver County residents Monday night, but it is now believed the object was an airplane chartered by The Air Force's Project Blue Book.

The reports came on the heels of a widely publicized sighting of an unidentified flying object by several Beaver County residents Sunday night. One of the residents who reported seeing the object that night said he was surprised to learn that the object he saw on Sunday night may have been a chartered airplane.

The reports of the latest sighting came in from various parts of Beaver County Monday night, indicating that several residents had observed a bright light in the sky. 

MEANWHILE, the investigation of the Sunday night sighting has turned up some unusual information. It was reported that the Beaver County Sheriff's office received a call concerning the Sunday night sighting from a Beaver County resident who is a private airplane pilot. The pilot reported that he was in the air at the time of the sighting and that he observed the object in question. He said the object was not an airplane.

William Weigel, Pittsburgh, Pa. , was contacted by the Beaver County Sheriff's office concerning the sighting. Weigel, who is said to be an investigator for a private UFO investigating agency, told the sheriff's office that he was in the area at the time of the sighting and that he also observed the object. 

Dale Spaur and Joel Huff, two deputy sheriffs who encountered the UFO, were told the details of the investigation. They were advised to return to Ravenna, Ohio, where they work, and await further instructions.

It was then decided to return to the area of the sighting Monday night to obtain a picture of the "object" which was still in the sky. However, the object apparently disappeared and no pictures were obtained. 

A picture of the object observed Sunday night has been promised by Maj. James Quintanilla, who is heading the Air Force's investigation of the sighting.

- page 31 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a historical document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

Utica-Rome Area Buzzin' Over Illusive UFOs
By PETER GARICH
Something is playing hide-and-seek with its glowing orbs at night in the Utica Valley, according to Valley Forge travelers.
Central Airlines personnel at Utica-Oneida County Airport, across the Mohawk Valley from Rome, are encountering UFOs almost every night, according to various reports.
Unidentified flying objects (UFOs), many sighted along the dark roads and cornfields of the area, are being reported to police, newspapers, radio, television and military officials with the past month.
THESE REPORTS indicated that a young couple watched as a strange aerial light hovered over them for almost three hours. Though smaller lights have been traced to other planes from the area base, the latest sightings defy explanation, according to the direst reports.
UFO SIGHTINGS throughout the Mohawk Valley stepped up after a wave of reports earlier in the month. That doesn't mean a thing, it could be a coincidence, says M. Sgt. George St. Clair at Griffiss AFB, near Rome.
He said reports had been sent in "dozens" coming in a month from several witnesses, "some indicating the sightings were made for several years."
Capt. William C. Watson of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) quoted estimates that there are about 12,000 people who have observed UFOs. Many more would likely have seen them if "only they would report them," he says.
He said Mrs. Powery Granger of Utica reported her sighting of a UFO "as a great orange-red light like a window to a furnace" above her home.
THE COUPLE'S report has their car stopped for almost three hours as they watched the brilliant lights, said Sgt. St. Clair. Other reports tell of UFOs hovering over the Mohawk Valley and other sections of Central New York.
Mrs. Powery Granger of Utica reported her sighting of a UFO "as a great orange-red light like a window to a furnace" above her home.
GRIFFISS spokesmen say that they were receiving UFO reports early this month, but had no latest record since then, and add reports had been sent in dozens from witnesses, "some indicating the sightings were made for several years."

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that discusses "Probe of 'Flying Saucer' Reports" and how some sightings may just be myths or misinformation, while others could potentially be credible witnesses. The text discusses several specific UFO sighting cases and how the Air Force has investigated the phenomenon.

Probe of 'Flying Saucer' Reports
Police say this "old and ugly" seen in the Schenectady area Thursday evening is a hoax. But the Air Force is thoroughly investigating some of the more than 12,000 "flying saucer" reports it has received for example, where residents scare with plastic balloons with red and blinking lights from propeller aircraft.
REP. GERALD R. Ford of Michigan, the House minority leader, has recommended a Congressional study of the subject, He thinks the House Science and Astronautics Committee should review the "flying saucer" witnesses, as he says there are many credible witnesses.
Since the Air Force has revealed little in its reports and denies that more than 5 per cent of the sightings are identified, perhaps this is the only way fact can be separated from fancy.
IT IS EASY to laugh at those who believe they have seen saucers. But always in history, new discoveries come along that don't seem explainable or logical. The world's scholars were considered very odd when they said the world was round, not flat.
If scientific brothers were considered very odd when they said the world was round, not flat. If scientific brothers wers considered very odd when they said you could fly, as late as 1903, when the Wright Brothers flew, their idea was considered preposterous.
World travellers who said they could prove that man never could fly were ridicuied, as late as 1900, members of the Royal Commission were labeling the idea of sending man into space "as too incredible of success to be considered as a permanent program."

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object did not disappear. It simply went out of sight. I waited until it disappeared from sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
The object did not move behind anything that I could observe.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
The object did go in front of a cloud at one point, but I couldn't make out any details.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - White

18. We wish to know the angular size: Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Captain 3 out of 4 inch

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to indicate the direction the object was moving.
The drawing shows an elongated oval shape with no other details.

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document regarding a UFO sighting over Schenectady, New York.

"'UFO' Seen 
Flying Over 
Schenectady, N.Y. Can-
yon Residents Told City Polices-Civilians and Air-
men Agree: Object, Five Hundred Feet Above Earth, 
Hovered, Then Sped Away 

SCHENECTADY, N.Y. CANNOT - According to reports received by the Schenectady newspaper, citizens and airmen have reported seeing a strange flying object hovering over this city for about 15 minutes last night.  

The report says that the object was sighted by hundreds of residents. They told city officials that it was flying from a mile high to about five hundred feet above the town.

Officials at a local radio station reported receiving telephone calls between 8 and 9 p.m. from residents who were watching the object. However, they said they did not plan to investigate the incident."

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains only text describing a report received by a gentleman from Springfield, Illinois on April 8, 1966. The text describes the man seeing something in the sky the previous evening in Springfield and wanting to report it to the Air Force to investigate.

M/R Received a call from a gentleman from Springfield, Illinois, on Apr 8 1966. He wanted to report something he had seen the night before. It was an object he said he had seen coming out of Springfield that had been recorded. He said he didn't know anything about it. The man had reported it to the police. Yesterday evening in Springfield. He was trying to find it and investigate it. Wanted to know if we were aware of anything about it, I said no, certainly until the observer reports it to the Air Force. I tell my boss, and Col I guess. I'll go to his field.

- page 36 -

The image contains a newspaper article with the title "Flying Saucer Analyst Quits After 9,000 Cases". The article discusses how a UFO analyst named Dr. J. Allen Hynek, who has investigated over 9,000 UFO cases, has decided to quit his work after becoming disillusioned with the lack of progress in the field.

The text of the article is as follows:

THE SUN, Springfield, O. Friday, April 1, 1966

FLYING SAUCER ANALYST QUITS AFTER 9,000 CASES

"I'M DISILLUSIONED," SAYS DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK, CONSULTANT TO THE AIR FORCE ON UFO'S.

For more than 18 years, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a professor of astronomy at Northwestern University, has been the Air Force's consultant on unidentified flying objects. During that time he has investigated more than 9,000 such cases.

Now, at the age of 57, he has decided to quit.

"I'm disillusioned," says Dr. Hynek. "I no longer believe that further study along present lines will . . . produce results."

There have been no major scientific breakthroughs in the UFO field during the 18 years that Dr. Hynek has been associated with it, he says.

"The attitude of the public, the baflcground and experience in UFO investigations, the attitude of the press and some government officials, and the antagonism of many scientists to the whole subject have tended to make any objective scientific study most difficult, if not impossible," says Dr. Hynek.

He feels that the project should be turned over to a civilian group divorced from the military with a "clean slate" and a fresh approach.

Several persons have come up with what they claim to be new explanations for what are reported as UFO's - misidentifications, hoaxes, hallucinations, satellites, missiles, etc. But Dr. Hynek says none of these satisfactorily explains all of the more than 9,000 cases he has investigated.

He is convinced that there is something to the UFO phenomenon that is not being satisfactorily accounted for.

"But I'm through," he says. "I can't go on fighting a brick wall and always being looked upon as a nut or a charlatan."

- page 37 -

The image appears to be a newspaper article with a photograph. The photograph shows a person in a spacesuit or protective gear standing in a field or burned area. The article discusses a purported UFO sighting and investigation in the Sacramento, California area.

BURNED' SPOT-WAS IT A UFO?

Residents of the Middletown, Calif, area, 50 miles northeast of Sacramento, reported a strange sight Tuesday afternoon. They say a "thing" dropped down from the sky and burned a spot in the ground several feet long and several feet wide. Middle Urban, 53, disclosed he had gone to the scene twice that day and observed the burnt-out area in a field between Villa and Middle Urban's ranchos. "It is just like someone dropped something there and it burned a hole in the ground," Urban said. "I can't figure out what it was, though the Air Force won't say anything about it." Mrs. Madeline Urban, 52, who also lives on the ranch, said she saw a "round orange-colored object" drop down over the field and burn the spot, which was still smoking when she arrived, about 4 p.m. Tuesday. "There wasn't a trace of anything to show what had been dropped there. It didn't seem to leave any ashes or anything," she said. Air Force investigators said the report was under investigation. "We had some showers along about that time, but I imagine those should have put out whatever caused the burning if it had been anything like that," Mrs. Urban said. Charles Schneider of 3333 Middle Urban (r), examining the 'burned spot,' said, "I have never seen anything like it. Whatever caused it, if it could have been an unidentified flying object, I'd say it never stays around long enough for anyone to get a good look at it." The siders (sic) observed the charred area Tuesday, found the ground loose and powdery and that there were no marks of any kind on the ground around the burned area. Schneider said a a "mysterious white gas" came from the ground for several seconds while they were there examining it. The investigators apparently are at a loss to determine what caused the burn mark. The "burned spot" in the field was about 10 feet long and 6 feet wide, the investigators said. Mrs. Urban said there were "several circles" in the burned area. She said her husband and she had watched from about 1:30 p.m. until 4 p.m. the object descend from the sky, make a pass low over the field, then zoom up again. She said it was "just like a big round orange ball with a fiery tail" and made no sound. The Air Force said the report would be checked thoroughly.

- page 38 -

The image contains a page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book report, that discusses UFO sightings. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this particular page.

Hayden Calls Saucer "Idio" 10% Percent "Hoax"

THE GUY WHO TAUGHT SPACE MEDICINE AT THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SAID 75% OF THE SAUCEBS REPORTED MAY BE REAL - THE REST ARE HOAXES, MASS PSYCHOSES OR UNUSUAL PHENOMENA.

DR. JOSEPH M. DALDY, INS'TRUCrO11 HI SPACE MEDICINE AT THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNl.4., SAID UFO PJiENOMENA COULD BE DIVIDED INTO THREE CATEGORIES:
1. GENUINE SAUCERS - ABOUT 75% OF TOTAL SIGHTINGS MIGHT BE IN THIS CATEGORY.
2. HOAXES - ABOUT 10% OF TOTAL SIGHTINGS MIGHT BE HOAXES, OR DELIBERATE FAKES.
3. MASS PSYCHOSES OR UNUSUAL PHENOMENA -  ABOUT 15% Of' TOTAL SIGHTINGS MIGHT BE IN THIS CATEGORY.

DALDY SAID SIGHTLNGS THAT COULD BE TRACED TO FALSE DATA, HALLUCINATIONS, MISINTERPRETATIONS OR OTHER PSYCHOLOGICAL FACTORS WOULD BE INCLUDED IN THE LAST TWO GROUPS. HIS ESTIMATES WERE BASED ON CAREFUL S'TUDY OF ALL AVAILABLE SCIENTIFIC DATA ON UFO PHENOMENA.

SOME "EXPERTS" HAVE SAID THAT 90% 012 ALL UFO SIGHTINGS ARE HOAXES. HOWEVER, DR. DALDY, WHO HAS STUDIED THE SUBJECT FOR YEARS, BELIEVES THAT ONLY ABOUT 10% OF SIGHTINGS COULD BE PLACED IN THIS CATEGORY.

- page 39 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a galaxy or nebula, titled "This is photo taken of Galaxy IC 10 from Hale Observatory". The text below the image discusses the possibility of "Somewhere a Krypton?" and asks "Did Superspacesmen Visit Earth Once?", suggesting this is a news article discussing the possibility of extraterrestrial life.

SOMEWHERE A KRYPTON?

DID SUPERSPACESMEN VISIT EARTH ONCE?

(By United Press International)

A GALAXY IC 10 - This photo taken near Hale Observatory shows a vast swarm of stars in the distant universe which may harbor intelligent life. Scientists of many countries are now deducing that such life probably exists on at least some of the billions of stars in the myriad galaxies outside our own. If so, it seems possible that travelers from other star systems actually may have visited our earth at some time in the distant past, perhaps even in our own times. The band of far-ranging "superspacesmen" as some call them, could have done so, unseen by all but a few, and left again without a trace.

- page 40 -

The image contains a newspaper article with the title "DID SUPERSPACEMENT VISIT EARTH ONCE?". There is no photograph present in this image.

SOMEWHERE A KRYPTON?
Did Superspacement 
Visit Earth Once?
BY CARL SAGAN
WASHINGTON. Apr. 2 (UPI)-S trange sightings of mysterious objects in the sky over the past few decades have suggested the possibility that interplanetary visitors may be making trips to Earth, according to a scientist at the Harvard College Observatory.
As IT MIGHT APPEAR that our solar system is the only inhabited one in the galaxy, an analysis of the problems involved in interstellar travel indicates that other civilizations would be unlikely to visit us.
Thus even if this is the only inhabited world, there must be literally billions of other such worlds in the universe.
These extraterrestrial civilizations may have evolved to a point at which travel between the stars is as easy as travel across the surface of the Earth is for us.
What, then, would such visitors be like? How would they appear?
The kind of far-ranging
interplanetary travelers whose existence recent discoveries seem to
imply would be enormously larger and more massive than man. As light for the journey, they would use nuclear energy gleaned from the natural radioactivity of their craft and the cosmic rays bathing them.
Such travelers would be virtually indestructible as beings and could withstand the incredible stresses and strains involved in interstellar travel at the same speed.
Interstellar travel requires the solution of many complex problems, including the maintenance of the integrity of the spacecraft and its occupants against the rigors of the journey.
The problems are literally astronomical - such as the need for a source of energy as large as entire suns, or the problems involved in trying to avoid the dangers of meteorites and cosmic rays.
The probability of interstellar travel by creatures no larger than man is so low that virtually none of the problems involved would seem to be solvable.
If there are literally billions of other worlds in the universe, and if a significant fraction of them have developed technological civilizations, there most be literally billions of such civilizations in the universe. 
And if interstellar travel is indeed possible, it may well be that our planet is, or has been, visited by other civilizations. 
Thus even if this is the only inhabited world, there must be literally billions of other such worlds in the universe. These extraterrestrial civilizations may have evolved to a point at which travel between the stars is as easy as travel across the surface of the Earth is for us.
What, then, would such visitors be like? How would they appear?
The kind of far-ranging
interplanetary travelers whose existence recent discoveries seem to
imply would be enormously larger and more massive than man. As light for the journey, they would use nuclear energy gleaned from the natural radioactivity of their craft and the cosmic rays bathing them.
Such travelers would be virtually indestructible as beings and could withstand the incredible stresses and strains involved in interstellar travel at the same speed. 
The probability of interstellar travel by creatures no larger than man is so low that virtually none of the problems involved would seem to be solvable.
If there are literally billions of other worlds in the universe, and if a significant fraction of them have developed technological civilizations, there most be literally billions of such civilizations in the universe.
And if interstellar travel is indeed possible, it may well be that our planet is, or has been, visited by other civilizations.

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a newspaper or magazine article titled "Retiring 'Project Blue Book' Sergeant Explains Flying Saucer Mystery Away".

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

The Skywriter
April 12, 1966

Retiring 'Project Blue Book' Sergeant Explains Flying Saucer Mystery Away

Force investigator of recent unidentified flying objects around the United States, has retired from the Air Force. His Blue Book office at foreign Technology Division has been closed.

Moody has analyzed during almost five years, the UFO reports received. He says that more than 10,000 sightings have been evaluated by Project Blue Book. However, there are some 100,000 sightings which have not been officially reported, except those in 1952.

When questioned, he refused to give his entire files to the Harvard data for identification of the unidentifiable. He said, "I couldn't give them my files. Even if I wanted to, I couldn't explain any of them."

Moody, who says he is leaving the Air Force to take a bachelor's degree in psychology from Fresno College, Fresno, Calif., explained the typical reaction of persons reporting UFOs.

"People are generally Moody said, "probably to have seen the same things that anyone else has. But being in the Air Force and having access to the scientific data of the investigation, I cannot find any logical answers to many of the reports filed."

The unidentified flying objects, he said, "are real. They are not with his intellect or integrity. He is telling the absolute truth in his report."

"The things that I can't explain," he said, "are objects, lights or stars that people have observed and reported. These observations seem fantastic beyond comprehension."

Moody feels that any contact between spacecraft and human beings would be impossible for the present generation to understand. "We're dealing with perception and optics," he said. "What we see and how we use our brain to identify an object is the problem."

"For every one report we get," Moody said, "probably do have 10 others that come in that we can't physically handle the number of reports we have gotten. We just don't have the money, the personnel, the buildings, the computers - maybe one day we will. But when I leave in July, we'll probably pick up 10 more reports than we can handle."

Lt. Col. Robert N. Quintanilla is the Project Blue Book Supervisor. He, like Moody, has no answers to many sightings. He was an astrophysicist who was converted to the UFO investigation completely by the data.

Moody has said many reports that have been investigated were found to be genuine. He has personally talked to many astronomers, test pilots, and these had to be investigated because the things they saw were foreign to their experience.

"And by the way, this was only a small incident of possibly no importance. Many times the things that people have reported are beyond a physical, reasonable explanation - because it doesn't work that way. It just doesn't work the way a lot of skeptics think it does. I wish I could explain it."

However, Moody says that only four or five of the 12,000 sightings that have seen were hoaxes. The Air Force has no means to indicate unreal phenomena.

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an AIRGRAM from the Department of State.

AIRGRAM
A-1202 UNCLASSIFIED
TO: Department of State
FROM: Amembassy RIO DE JANEIRO
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
DESPATCII TELEGRAJI 2116
The information contained in the reference telegram was circulated immediately to the Consulat es pursuant to instructions. The following developments may be reported:

1) The press of May 2, 1966 (Jornal do Brasil) from its correspondent in Rio de Janeiro reported a sighting of a flying object on the morning of that date in various areas of the State of Rio Grande do Sul. It was described as a brilliant light, changing colors, and moving at very high speed, as observed by numerous persons.

2) According to a bulletin issued by the State Civil Police of Rio Grande do Sul, a similar object was sighted the same day by residents of Bage and other cities, moving in the same general direction and to proceed in the general direction of Porto Alegre.
This sighting is quoted as having taken place at 2300 hours on April 30, 1966. It was reported to the Air Force and Navy, which verified the phenomenon.
Another information from military and civil authorities is that in various parts of the State of Rio Grande do Sul from April 29 through May 2, 1966, with copy to the Department of State.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 43 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED 

Reached the ground. An identical phenomenon was observed before - a group of people passing over the Sacramento area at a very high altitude. A squadron of 13 colored objects, shiny, silver or white in color, flying at a very high altitude.

One witnesses who was flying a Cessna plane and discovered this object, estimated it to be between 40,000 and 45,000 feet above the ground. The objects were flying in perfect formation and maintaining a constant heading and speed, according to the witness. The flight was estimated to last 10-12 minutes in duration. When the witness tried to pursue the objects, he could not catch up with them.

The event took place at about 10 p.m. local time (no data was specifically interrupted, because many spectators ran away afraid that it was the attack was coming). The movement was very fast and in consequence. There is a police inspector, who accepted the version of a flying saucer.

RAINEY

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 44 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The document appears to be a questionnaire or report form with various questions and answer options.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors on the ground
d. In an airplane

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (specify) _________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other (specify) _______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a typed text report.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE
AIRGRAM
A-1202
UNCLASSIFIED
TO : Department of State
FROM : Amembassy RIO DE JANEIRO
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
DSPATCH TELNO: 228.
The information contained in the reference telegram was circulated immediately to the Consulates pursuant to instructions. 
1) The press of May 2, 1966 (Jornal do Brasil) from its correspondent in Brasilia, reported on pilots in the state of Goias had sighted two unidentified flying objects in the sky of Goias on that date. These objects were of a brilliant white color and remained motionless for about 20 minutes, subsequently accelerating at high speed and disappearing.
2) Another communication advised that we were attempting to obtain more information from military and civilian authorities concerning this incident, but these efforts became no additional information whatsoever.
The above information is quoted as being the only relevant details available in reports thus far received from the Embassy's sources on this incident.
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

UNCLASSIFIED

Reached the ground. An identical phenomenon was observed by some 250 people, in the last case they spoke of a quadron of 12 colored objects. 

On May 13, Cornejo da Memu published an article under the headline "Strange mark left in the ground a phenomenon in Cordoba". He reported that a strange mark left in the ground near the place where the incident took place. The object that formed this mark was reported to be a flying saucer. The trace was about 25 cm long and 25 cm deep, was extremely compressed and solid. 

The event took place at about 10 p.m. local time (no date). and did a movie sequence. An interrupted, because many spectators ran away, afraid that the objects fell on them. The movie sequence was, however, seized by the police inspector, who accepted the version of a flying saucer.

RAINE (signature)

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 47 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document titled "AIRGRAM" from the Department of State regarding "Unidentified Flying Objects".

DEPARTMENT OF STATE
AIRGRAM
A-1323
TO: Department of State
FROM: Amembassy RIO DE JANEIRO
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
REF: DEPCIRC telegram 2116
The information contained in the reference telegram was circulated urgently to the Consular Posts and the following developments may be reported:
1) The OBJECT of May 23, 1966 (REGIONAL DO BRASIL) from its correspondent in Porto Alegre, REPORTED AS SEEN from Cerrito, DESCRIBED AS A LUMINOUS OBJECT, throwing off flames, similar to a fireworks display.
2) An eyewitness is quoted as having taken place at 2300 hours local time on Saturday, April 30. This was reported by the US Information Service in Rio Alegre.
Another communication advised that we were attempting to obtain more information from military and civilian authorities in this area and to confirm the date and time of the report recalled.
No further details or confirmation of additional information were provided.
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing an incident involving a "unclassified" phenomenon observed by people at a high altitude. The text discusses details about the incident, such as the time, location, and reactions of the population.

Text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Crashed the ground. An identical phenomenon was observed by some air people at about 5,000 feet. According to Sacramento air route traffic control center, an object flying at a very high altitude.

ON MAY 12, 1966, ARTICLE 7 published an article under the heading "Flying Saucer causes panic and leaves traces in Campo A-Roma beach." The Sacramento air route traffic control center stated that an object was a a recet for those who maintained that an air phenomenon and landed near the Campo A-Roma beach was a hoax. Hours after a heavy explosion had alarmed the population and caused an panic.

The event took place at about 10 p.m. local time (so that to say 6 a.m. GMT) approximately. Witnesses, some stationed in the surveillance post of the Sacramento air route traffic control center, observed the phenomenon for several minutes. From the trench in the sand emerged a silver-colored, round, and motionless silhouette, which raised the sand in a ring and then disappeared as if it had been swallowed up. The inspected portion was excavated, but nothing was discovered.

RAINE

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 49 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a Department of State Airgram regarding unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF STATE
UNCLASSIFIED
Department of State
ANALYSIS AND DISTRIBUTION
BRANCH DISTRIBUTION
MAY 27 1966
DATE: MAY 25, 1966
FROM: Embassy RIO DE JANEIRO
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
REF: DEPCIR telegram 2116
The information contained in the reference telegram was transmitted by the Embassy to the Department to substantiate information appearing in the press on May 3, 1966 (Journal do Brasil) from its correspondent in Curitiba, Parana, to the effect that thousands of persons in Ponte Grossa had seen a great number of false and rapid flying objects in the sky.
The embassy's communication advised that we were attempting to obtain more information on the sightings and to confirm the data and time of the report. It added that press reports indicated the phenomenon was considered by the Brazilians to be worthy of official investigation.
The Globe of May 3 quoted its correspondent in Curitiba, Parana, that hundreds or persons in Ponte Grossa had seen a great number of false and rapid flying objects in the sky.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 50 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
Reached the ground. An identical phenomenon was observed by some 35 people in Placels, Cal at 2305 on 14 April 1966. The last case they spoke of a squadron of 12 colored objects.
2. On May 12, 1966 Carrie de Marcas published an article under the heading "Flying Saucers over Monte" in a newspaper in Lima, Peru. She reported that a strange mark left in the sand at Aranca beach could have been caused by one of these phenomena.
3. On 24 August 1966 a notice was received from the USAF Project Blue Book concerning a "strange, shiny, silvery-white ball similar to a dull metal surface, about size of grapefruit" observed in a desert area about 18 miles west-southwest of Tucson, Arizona, at 1500 hours, 30 May 1966. The object was estimated to be about 35 cm long and 25 cm deep, with a short tail and a pulsating light.
This information lasts about 10 p.m. local time (no date). From the information received, because many spectators were afraid to communicate anything through official channels, not even similar situations were reported.
RATNR

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book document, specifically an airgram from the American Embassy in Rio de Janeiro regarding an unidentified flying object.

OCR Output:
DEPARTMENT OF STATE
AIRGRAM
A-1203
TO : Department of State
FROM : Amembassy RIO DE JANEIRO
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
DEPTGC TELEGRAM 21387
The information contained in the reference telegram was circulated immediately to the Consulates pursuant to instructions. The press of May 3, 1966 (Jornal do Brasil) from Rio de Janeiro reported on the interest caused in various small cities of the State of Rio Grande do Sul in connection with the sighting of mysterious luminous and colored objects in the air. According to the information, the inhabitants were greatly disturbed and alarmed and they immediately notified the local military authorities to proceed in the general direction of Porto Alegre.
This sighting is quoted as having taken place at 2300 hours local time on April 26, 1966. It was reported by the Embassy, according to DEPTGC telegram 21387.
Another communication advised that we were attempting to obtain additional information regarding this sighting but that so far our efforts brought no additional information whatsoever.
The Globe of May 3 quoted its correspondent in Curitiba, Brazil, stating that according to the police, in the region of Ribeirao da Ilha, north of Florianopolis, in the State of Santa Catarina, a number of blue and red spots in the air above the city were reported on the afternoon of a rain of colors, none of which
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 52 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from a document with text describing an unidentified phenomenon observed by some people on the ground.

UNCLASSIFIED

reached the ground. An identical phenomenon was observed by those people in the air, and in the last case they spoke of a squadron of 13 colored objects.

2) On May 13, Correto de Manns published an article under the heading "Unidentified Flying Objects". He said he heard witnesses in Campo Grande, Rio Grande do Sul, say that a strange mark left in the sand was of the size of a person, and they maintained that 3 UFOs had landed there.

The incident began about 7:00 pm when 3 luminous, elongated objects were sighted maneuvering in the sky. They were observed for about 15 minutes. The objects were 25 cm long and 25 cm deep, and seemed to change size and color. They caused panic in the location and were compared to an explosive engine.

The report comes at about 10 p.m. local time (no details were given about the sighting itself).

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a table with text describing various UFO sightings and their evaluations.

DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
May 12 SIGHTINGS 
May 13 Bedford, Massachusetts - Insufficient Data
May 13 Fort Pierce, Florida - Insufficient Data 
May 13 Huntington, West Virginia - Insufficient Data
May 11 Columbus, Ohio - Insufficient Data
May 1 Holley, Michigan -  Insufficient Data, Photo: Lost before Analysis 
1 Lakewood, California - Insufficient Data
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania - Insufficient Data
May 1 New York, New York - Insufficient Data
May 9 Atlanta, Georgia - Insufficient Data
May 8 Indianapolis, Indiana - Insufficient Data
May 8 Columbus, Ohio - Insufficient Data
May 4 Columbia, West Virginia - Multiple 
May 4 Oxford, Ohio - Insufficient Data
May 4 Coos Island, New York - Insufficient Data
May 8 Indianapolis, Indiana - Insufficient Data 
May 9 Columbus, Ohio - Insufficient Data
May 12 Glendale, California - Insufficient Data
May 12 Columbus, Ohio - Aircraft
May 15 Winte Park, Florida - Insufficient Data
May 16 Columbus, Ohio - Insufficient Data
May 16 Jacksonville, New York - Aircraft
May 17 Winte Park, Florida - Insufficient Data
May 18 Jackson, Ohio - Insufficient Data
May 19 South Hadley, Massachusetts - Balloon
May 19 Westhampto Beach, New York - Insufficient Data
May 22 Miami, Florida - Aircraft
May 23 Ridge, New York - Insufficient Data
May 26 Midland, Texas - Astro (AIRLINE)
May 29 New Washington, Ohio - Insufficient Data 
June 1 Mason, Ohio - Astro (MOON)
June 3 Orlando, Florida - Astro (MOON)
June 6 Spring Branch, Texas - Aircraft 
June 15 New York (Pacific) - Insufficient Data
June 16 Bethpage, New York - Satellite
June 10 Camden, Ohio - Insufficient Data
June 11 Lakewood, Ohio - Astro (AIRCRAFT)
June 12 Daytona, Ohio - OTHER (CONFLICTING DATA)
June 14 Lynchburg, Virginia - Astro (FIGHTER)
OTHER (CONFLICTING DATA)

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a table with details about additional reported sightings.

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE | LOCATION | SOURCE | EVALUATION
Summer 3-9 | Rossville, Georgia; Ashtabuchi, Quebec, Canada | (Ltr) | -
July 6 | Niagara Falls, New York | (Ltr) | -
Septemher 14 | Battlecreek, Michigan | (Ltr) | 164

- page 55 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains sketches and diagrams with accompanying text instructions.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture showing how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 56 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 29 SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent. [Redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [Redacted]

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted the following text from the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2-3-'66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

On 1-29-'66 at about 8:00 a.m. while standing outside my home at 3624 Sherwood Way, Sacramento, California, I saw an unidentified flying object. It was round, silver in color and about the size of a dime held at arm's length. It was traveling in a northwesterly direction and seemed to be about 2,000 to 3,000 feet altitude. The object was moving at a very high rate of speed and was completely silent. I watched it for about a minute before it disappeared from sight. Shortly after seeing this object, I was interviewed by two Air Force officers who examined my eyes for night blindness, checked my background, and took down all details of my sighting. I was quite impressed by their professional manner and by their apparent interest in obtaining all possible information about this sighting.

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, showing handwritten text.

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

"I believe it was 19 Jan. for 9
that the witness claimed this sighting occurred.
The witness was on active duty in the military and
his occupation was electronics. He stated he could
not identify the object at the time, but that he felt it
was some type of aircraft or vehicle. He stated
the object was a reddish light in color, round in shape,
and moved very slowly across the sky. He said it
was visible for about 1 to 2 minutes."

- page 59 -

