The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Project 10073 Record
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: Jan. 66 0220Z 
2. LOCATION: Poulsbo, Washington
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: N/A
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 8-10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Optical/Visual
7. COURSE: To the South
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes
10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient Data
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observed, not sure of data and how many objects seen. Civilian who reported to be evaluated, but I would not believe that there was an observation of a vehicle or craft that could be a real object in the sky.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a handwritten document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

"Poulabaro, 
3-39-66

Gentlemen,
Some time in the fore part of the month of January 1966 there was an occurrence or incident of something unusual being observed in the sky, apparently a vehicle floating or hovering a short distance above the ground. It was observed for some time by a number of people and there were bright lights observed by this group, the lights at times appearing to move and at times remaining stationary. 
There was no apparent change in the speed or direction of the vehicle during the time it was observed, which was reported to be approximately 15 minutes. The vehicle or object was reported to be about 75 to 100 feet in diameter and of a dark color. There were no noise or sounds associated with the object.
These are the basic facts as I have been able to determine them from talking to the people who observed the incident. There is no way of verifying at this time the accuracy or completeness of their statements.
Apparently the people who observed the incident are convinced that they saw an unusual object in the sky that evening, but I have no way of determining the validity of their observations or the conclusions they have reached. It is submitted for whatever consideration you may give it.
Sincerely, 
/s/ unknown"

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Text extracted from the document:

Eye crafted peculed case ball the endo.
It seemed more of a maneuver, almost like a planned flight-flight pattern.
It was moving with me at my flight path path.
I was here the above given noon 2:20 a.m. It was moving
strong with me right slow
He was a clear diamerica for moving,
but there was no jet or sound-no vapor trail. It followed
the package of jet San cacil. For a fleeting moment it
outradiated out of word to a height distance we could not hope to.
When the devils had sloughed creeping,
nearly straight of from coming to pass strange movement,
except gradually other than solid planned or direction went
Portland, Washington 1-30-70

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a scanned image of an envelope or cover page from a document related to Project Blue Book. The image shows the postmark "Poulsbo, Washington, January 9, 1966" and the text "Project Blue Book Reform, Reopen, S.41-"06, Washington, D.C. 20330".

Project Blue Book Reform
Reopen
S.41-"06
Washington, D.C. 20330

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a questionnaire for the observer to fill out regarding their UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possibly can. The information thus obtained may be used in our analysis, but will not be published or used in conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
Dec 26, 1966 3:00 a.m.

2. Time of day:
(Circle One): A.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Poulsbo, Washington

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5 Minutes

5.1 How was the object sight determined? 
Very uncertain

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
NIGHT: c. Overcast

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): f. Don't remember

The rest of the form is filled out with handwritten responses to the various questions.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the observation of an unidentified object.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

s. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull, moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember  

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. As a light e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11. Compare brightness to some common object: The brightness was comparable to the headlights of a car at 1/2 mile distance.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in the shared document. The document appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a series of questions and responses related to an unidentified object sighting.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't know.
If it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't know. 
If in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -
b. Color -

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object such as a tree or building. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the other things you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails if they were present. Any additional information regarding the direction the object was moving would also be helpful.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? That for here ware 700 miles per hour. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Approx 500
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? About a mile or more
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): YES NO
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield  Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars  Yes No
f. Telescope    Yes No
g. Theodolite   Yes No
h. Other _____Yes No_____
26. In order that you can give as accurate a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words any outstanding features or appearance of the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing illustrations and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve that shows the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the curve where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the point, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 9 -

This page from a Project Blue Book UFO report does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a filled-out questionnaire or report form regarding a UFO sighting.

Text output from the image:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date and location.
NO SIMILAR SIGHTS SEEN BEFORE 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
    YES / NO
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
    YES / NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
    POULSBO, WASH

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] 
Last Name: [REDACTED]
First Name: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
Street: [REDACTED]
City: POULSBO
State: [REDACTED]
ZIP: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 59
SEX: FEMALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which may be pertinent...
THE OBSERVER STATES THAT ON THIS PARTICULAR EVENING SHE WAS HOME ALONE WATCHING TV. SHE HAPPENED TO GLANCE OUT THE WINDOW AND SAW A "ROUND BALL OF LIGHT" APPROACHING HER HOME FROM THE NORTHEAST. IT APPEARED TO BE ABOUT 150-200 FEET ABOVE THE GROUND. THE OBJECT WAS VISIBLE ONLY BRIEFLY AS IT PASSED BEHIND HER HOME. SHE STATES THAT SHE HAS NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE IT BEFORE AND THAT SHE WAS RATHER FRIGHTENED BY THE INCIDENT. APPARENTLY SHE DID NOT REPORT THE SIGHTING TO ANY AUTHORITIES UNTIL SOME WEEKS LATER.

33. When and to whom did you report this sighting?
TO OFFICIAL AIR FORCE AGENCIES

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. 

The text on the page reads:

"34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 year, 1 month
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

D. I saw not the exact aircraft, but believe it to have been of a conventional type, about the size of a dc-3 or similar sized transport. Some may be of a physical nature. I never did see it take off or depart the area. It remained in view and seemed to slowly descend below the foliage up to about 15 minutes when it was no longer visible. It appeared to be of a metalic[sic] color but not highly reflective. There was no smoke, vapor trail, or any other outward signs of propulsion. It simply appeared to lower itself down and out of sight.

I have only sorry I cant tell more, but that is about the way I saw it. Any other detail would be just guessing on my part."

- page 11 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PTD (TUES) 
WP-Raht-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
3 Jay 1966

Poulsbo, Washington 98370
Dear Sir:

Reference your recent unidentified observation in January 1966. The information in your letter of 30 March 1966 was not sufficient for evaluation. Irouire you complete the attached PID Form for submitsion to Project Blue Book.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

