The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 8-16-62, 24.52Z
2. LOCATION: Lakewood, Colorado  
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual, telescope/binocular
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes

The report describes the observation of a balloon-like object that was slowly moving towards the western sky. There was no apparent motion of the object other than a slight change in shape. The observer noted numerous aircraft in the area west of Denver, however rules out any aircraft observation, as the object was under constant observation. The investigation is consistent with that of a balloon observation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

TEAM 1KPQP
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information is obtained in detail and when necessary to obtain a complete identification.

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape. Round when first sighted, later appeared to be shaped like an ellipse with an hyperbola angle.
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms): Grapefruit.
(3) Color: Gold turning to pink.
(4) Number: One.
(5) Formation, if more than one. None.
(6) Any discernible features or details: Three years ago in same area UFO sightings reported more than feature as this sighting.
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s). None.
(8) Sound: If heard, describe sound. None.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: 30 to 40 ft diameter.

Date 23 Dec 66

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text describing an observation.

Transcription of the text in the document:

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S): 
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the oggect(s)?
Just happened to look up while parked in automobile

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of oggect(s) as first observed.
Appeared to hover and then move from side to side - "can't tell of clouds"

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of oggect(s) upon disappearance. 
Disappeared in straight upward motion

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of oggect(s).
No apparent maneuvering other than sideway motion

(5) How did the oggect(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Gradually to the west-

(6) How long was the oggect(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc) 
Visible for 30 minutes

a. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, 
Ground-instrumental, or airborne. (If airborne, specify type of aircraft.)
Ground-visual, natural eyesight

(2) Optical instruments or camera used and description thereof.
None, used naked eye

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, 
identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station. 
N/A

d. Time and date of sighting: 
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting.
21/2545/Jan 66

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

OCR output:
DEC 21 49 PM   (Date on Document)

Describing of Observations: Extent, attitude and duration of each observer, also should be given in electrical reports, such as: type of camera, lens, film used, etc. Provision should be made for a known landmark to be photographed in each picture, so as to determine distances and sizes definitely.
EXAMPLE: By 15N, 192 71W for 39 48, 102 52W.
105 / 39 40

1. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
   (1) Civilian
   Reliability: 5 (excellent)
   Electronics Technician at Fort Logan hospital

   (2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability:
   NA

2. Weather and Winds -- Affect conditions at time and place of sightings:
   Cloudy; no wind; temp from weather far site.

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
Cloudy; no wind

(2) Reports from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in knots at surface, 3,000', 6,000', 10,000', 15,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000'.

(3) Ceiling: 13,000 high scattered clouds
(4) Visibility: 60 miles
(5) Amount of cloud cover: approx 50%
(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:
 No storms/ haze in all quadrants

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document:

Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting:

There were no other unusual conditions known to exist in that vicinity.

1. Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing air defense directives).

None

2. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight or air traffic in the area at the time of sighting.

None known to exist. 

3. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

Capt. H. M. Yeager, USAF. Final disposition may require military aircraft in that area.

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

None

- page 5 -

