There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book record 10,0073, dated April 25, 1966.

The text found in the document is as follows:

1. DATE & TIME GROUP: 25 April 66 26/01/302
2. LOCATION: Ghent, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 45 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: W to SE NW 
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: The moon sets at about 270 deg azimuth. Moon approaching first quarter which occurred on 27 April.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer noted lighted shape in the sky to the west. In the center was a ball-shaped formation to the right was a half-moon-shaped light. This area was separated from the center by dark bands and light beams in all directions in an uneven arrangement, spike-like arms or varied elongation, the tip of such beaming a tiny light.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a scanned document or report. The document appears to be a correspondence related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

Chatham, RFD, N. Y.
April 27, 1966

Major Hector Quintanella, Jr.
Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Sir:

Viewed at approximately 11:30 P.M., D.S.T., Monday, April 25, 1966, I the town of Chatham, R.F.D., N.Y. I was coming home on Route 66, a highway I have never traveled before.

If, indeed, it had cubic area, then the side visible to me appeared rectangular in shape, with square corners, approximately 16" x 26". I compared it to my small sewing table I use.

Luminous. The whole rectangular side appeared dimly lit, or if not, then luminous. The side facing me was in motion, oscillating back and forth as though a searching beam of light was directing on and off in a wave-like motion, the directions in an uneven arrangement spke-like arms of varied lengths, the ends of each beaming a tiny equally brilliant light. At the top, both of the lights being colorless.

The rectangular outline no longer was visible, nor the tiny lights, but the brilliant lights remained visible to a brighter or deeper shape.

No noise was apparent to me, and it moved very little to the north about 75 to 100 yards and on, from 11:30 P.M. to 12:15 A.M. The brilliant lights made the brightest stars appear dim by comparison.

Where were were several cars passing during this period and I feel sure someone else would have seen it, had they been able to take their eyes from the road. However, I decided not to do the usual exciting the following day: April 26, but waited until April 27.

Too, because of the lateness of the hour and their busy work schedules the folks I decided not to bother distributing my observant notebook holders who had retired.

I have not reported this locality to anyone in an official capacity, although it is our present Supervisor's office to receive same. 
Sincerely yours,
(Name redacted)

- page 2 -

