The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
23 Oct. 66 1120Z
2. LOCATION
Rockaway, New Jersey 
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
three
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual Bx
7. COURSE
Varied
8. PHOTOS
Y = Yes
N = No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 = Yes
X = No
FTD FORM 
SFR 62-0-329 (TDE)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers were looking toward the west 
something moving toward the east to
in the sky at about 3,000 to 5,000 angles
Though this is the first report of its
The red object stopped on a "line
previously red and green light. This
in the sky traveling high. The
approaching the observers.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document in what looks like Hebrew or another non-Latin script.

The text of the document is as follows:

וזע ציע טריינער חשבנו האת' לה' יצטייר טוב מאוד,
נראה היה שהגה את המקרה בשפה אחרת, וחבל שלא התחפש מיד לרפא טעות.
כאשר תצוינה, או תושלמנה, תכונות אופיניות יותר, יתכן
שנוכל להבין טוב יותר אם אכן אנו עומדים בפני תופעה חריגה.
אספקנו עצמנו לקבל זאת בהתרגשות יתירה, זה טבע האדם. אך עד
שלא תצטייר לנו התמונה בצורה מפורשת ומדויקת, יש להיזהר מהחלטות.
האם נוכל למצוא עדויות נוספות הקשורות למקרה זה?
יחד עם זאת, אם יימצא מעין "תצלום" או רישום כלשהו - יש לבדוק בשקידה.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

OCR text output:
some. 26 past I thought that this effect was either a got, because there was an air wave roll over that made the object look like it descended, but this was not explained satisfactory.

The object was observed at intervals for some 12 to 15 minutes. It's behavior was about what one would expect, moving in a rather erratic direction, pausing, moving again, and generally keep travelling in an entirely direction.

This object went over the woods next to my house to a great height and disappeared. I got a very good view of it through my binoculars. It was a shape with a brilliant red body with a bright bluish-white light on the rear end, or tail. The color and size was not at all like that of an airplane, although it passed closer than any airplane I've seen at night.

After I could no longer see this object, it seemed to have raced back from where it came from the area of about 7:40 to 7:42. When I went with planes I had also received that might indicate stars, the UFO appeared to be much larger than even the jets. The color was a bright reddish orange, while any planes in the area were a dull orange in color.

I have seen at night.

When I went to look at the red/green object - I saw that it was still there.

Approximately five minutes after I saw the red object looking at certain stars with my binoculars as I always do, this object began moving to the west north-westerly direction that I would have tried to pass this object as a jet, had it not been for certain peculiarities about it. It did not seem fast enough for sure particulars of it.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document, but there is no photograph present in this particular page. 

Transcribing the text in the document:

מוודשע בד פוצט ספטסע רק אייניע דנדעד וו קליין ווי אגרויסעד קרייזל שטעכט זיך אב פון העראונטער אויף גיין אין דער לופט לטיפול משני צדדים יטיל ירח קטן קדיל ספק ומידע כהה עפר יש מוודשע בד פוצט ספטסע רק אייניע דנדעד וו קליין ווי אגרויסעד קרייזל שטעכט זיך אב פון העראונטער אויף גיין אין דער לופט לטיפול משני צדדים יטיל ירח קטן קדיל ספק ומידע כהה עפר יש

- page 4 -

