The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a filled-out form with various fields describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 MAY 1966 - 2330/4.52
2. LOCATION: Kettering, Ohio (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: Probable Satellite - ECHO II
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: At 0342Z, Echo II was to the E, traveling in a SSW direction.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 - 5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: SSW
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document related to a UFO sighting report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used in connection with any such conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 May 1966
2. Time of day: 10 Hour (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central d. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Dayton, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes x No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you c. To your right d. Overhead

The text OCR output is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used in connection with any such conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 May 1966
2. Time of day: 10 Hour (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central d. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Dayton, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes x No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you c. To your right d. Overhead

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a document page that is part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

STARS (Circle One):
a. Fewer
b. Many
c. Don't remember

MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clearly
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

The object appeared:
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

Compare brightness to some common object:
A.g. star

The edges of the object were:
a. Sharp
b. Like a bright star
c. Slightly outlined
d. Don't remember

Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES
d. Give off smoke? YES
e. Change brightness? YES
f. Make a sound? YES
g. Flash or flicker? YES
h. Disappear and reappear? YES

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from a UFO report document with a form to fill out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, It was in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: High roar, got slightly louder.
b. Color: White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the object. Looking at the object through the sight, how much of the object is covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a portion of a Project Blue Book document with a series of questions and answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

START OF OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? r n N
(Circle One) Yes No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): 
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other PART OF CAR

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of 
b. In the residential section of 
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.

STAR

END OF OCR TEXT OUTPUT

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and illustration related to UFO sightings and observations. The diagram shows an illustration of an object in the sky and has angular measurements labeled to indicate its elevation above the horizon.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

E - N E

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

Only one

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a questionnaire or form from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. May 8, 1966, Kettering, Ohio

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Her mother, Mary I.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name
ADDRESS: Street, Kettering, Ohio, Zone!
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 293
AGE: 23 SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be of interest in this connection

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 7 -

There is no photograph included in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text on the page describes a conversation that took place on July 5, 1966 with a witness of a sighting. The object was visible for about three minutes before moving behind some trees and was no longer visible.

Conversation 5 July 66 with witness of sighting. Object did while they were watching it. It moved behind some trees and a longer visible. Object was visible for about three minutes.

- page 8 -

