The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a government document related to the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
17 September 66 17/0500Z Fairborn, Ohio
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 5. CONCLUSION
One Possible (AIRCRAFT)
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
2 Minutes Witness watched star like object that appeared to hover for
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION about 5 minutes suddenly disappearing behind a tree which
Ground-Visual blocked the observer's view. The object was white in color
8. COURSE and one-half the size of a basketball. The object stopped
SV and hovered for about 1 minute, then immediately began moving
9. PHOTOS again. The object then accelerated to a high speed and disappeared. It is possible that the witness
10. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE observed a particular aircraft making one of its low level
No approaches prior to landing.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report.

Project Blue Book
Wright Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

I was Saturday morning, September 24, around 4:15 or 4:30 A.M. when I heard a strange noise. I went outside to investigate and got the impression of something rather large going over the trees. It seemed to have a number of persons in the vehicle and was traveling at a fairly high rate of speed. I'm very much interested in this and hope I could get some further information about it, if possible. I would like anything of the nature of the last above to be classified, but I could give you more details if desired. If such things are of any importance, I'm sorry I didn't write about them sooner.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not appear to contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribing the text in the document:

and then seemed to hover at one point for about a minute, so faintly that I couldn't see it clearly, and then off a few times and then sideling or behind a tree. I couldn't the- thank-you very much.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document containing handwritten text.

19 Oct. 66

Contact with WP Base Operations revealed that several aircraft were in the area on the morning of 17 Sept. 66. At 0813 EST DD-6 landed at the field. There was one aircraft that landed at 0908 EST which landed at 0905 EDT. A KC-135 landed at 0920 EST.

After long trips sometimes these aircraft (B-52) make several low-level runs prior to each landing. Other times they make a straight-in approach. So flying low over the area is not an unusual occurence. Although it is not positively an B-52 aircraft that makes these flights, this information is passed along for possible interest.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form that was likely used to gather details about a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, official or otherwise, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
SEPT - 8 - 1966

2. Time of day:  8:10 - 30 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other _____

4. Where were you when you saw the object? FAIRBORN City & Town State & County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 Hours 5 Minutes 0 Seconds 
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? GUESS
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No 

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day b. Night (Circle One): a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 - This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 21, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

This image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph included on this page. 

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): A. Very bright B. A few C. Many D. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): A. Full moonlight B. Crescent C. Dull moonlight D. No moonlight - pitch dark E. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Stormy e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. As a light d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: The object was as bright as a range of average night lights.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like bright sharp or running c. Other (describe) d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
Seem to be under intelligent control? Yes No Don't know
Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
Change size? Yes No Don't know
Break up into parts? Yes No Don't know
Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes. When it appeared to stop for a short time, it suddenly "took off" and disappeared quickly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what was behind it.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what was in front of it.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound that I could hear
b. Color - Appeared to be silvery in color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Probably the whole object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially outline trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.
(DRAWING OF OBJECT)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a questionnaire. 

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building  
b. In a motor vehicle
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. On a farm?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) 
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass  Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other  STAR (not "twinkling")

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A STAR (not "twinkling")

- page 8 -

The image contains a diagram with a compass rose and a sketch showing the path of an object or objects above the horizon. There is no photograph present in this document page.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were going.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text on the page consists of a questionnaire that asks various questions about a sighting of a UFO or similar object.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 16 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special interests, which might be pertinent. No experience report on UFO sightings and the space program which for the time being work on other things.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 20 - 21 September 1966, W.F.B.F.E.C.

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document that appears to be part of Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 October 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
The object was off a steady light, a bright light similar to a star, but it stopped and immediately began moving again.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of documents related to the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (DETER) 17
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
3 October 1966

Fairborn, Ohio 45324

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 September 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 14 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

