The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a form with various fields filled out. There is no photograph present on this page.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

DATE - TIME GROUP
MAY 1966

SOURCE
Civilian

NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes

TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

PHOTOS
0 Yes
N/A

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 Yes
N/A

LOCATION
New Bedford, Mass.

CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Lack of data, time, description, and other essential data plus the fact that a form 164 was never returned does not enable a comprehensive evaluation.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs or visual content other than the typed text. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

UFO (THEM)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio 45433
7 June 1966

New Bedford, Massachusetts 02746
Dear Mr. XXXXX,

Reference your letter of 22 May 1966 requesting a form to fill out on your unidentified flying object observation. As discussed in our telephone conversation, a completed Air Force Technical Information Report on Project Blue Book is enclosed for your convenience in reporting this observation.

Also enclosed for your information is a copy of the brochure on Project Blue Book which describes the program on unidentified flying objects in detail.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. MAJOR, USAF 
Chief, Project Blue Book

1. ATCH Typed Form 1664 w/envelope
2. Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a scanned page from a document. The text in the document is as follows:

Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
May 22, 1966

To Whom It May Concern:

Please accept this information a UFO sighting. I was watching television around 8:30 pm last night 5-21-66 and noticed a peculiar object in the sky. At first I though it was an airplane but as I watched it, it seemed to be hovering and changing in size and shape. I called my wife and son to come and look at it and they agreed it was definitely not an airplane. The object seemed to hover in one spot for a while, then began to move rapidly in different directions. It would suddenly stop and hover again. This went on for about 15 to 20 minutes. Then it just disappeared or moved out of sight very rapidly. 

My wife and I have had an interest in the UFO phenomena for some time. We have both read considerable literature on the subject and feel that what we saw last night was definitely an unidentified flying object. If you wish any further details, please let me know.

Sincerely,
[Signature Redacted]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects.

To produce the text found in the document:

June 11, 1966

Dear Sir:

I certainly appreciate your answering my inquiry. The incidents you mention stand in the minds of the citizens of this area as some of the U.F.O. phenomenont that occurred at one time. The fact that my personal experience associated with yous on the phone I again told you about one.

As a private citizen I ask that you the area of information regarding WB54I7 as reported on May 24, 1960. May we have details of this report? Were any photos taken? Mt. Shasta Base is mentioned, do you have any information on the citizens who reported this? Any details whatsoever would be of great interest.

I did not receive a copy of the Blue Book as mentioned in your letter. Please send another. Thank you.

Sincerely,
[REDACTED]
027496

- page 4 -

