There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image consists of a blank page with some handwritten text in the top left corner and a stamp in the top right corner.

7-3745-415
10038585

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
(ASHASAF-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

- page 1 -

The image contains a graph titled "FIGURE 1 UFO Sightings by Year". The graph shows two lines - "Total UFO Sightings" and "Number of UFO's Explained" - plotted against the year. The graph covers the years from 1947 to 1965.

OCR output:
1500
1000
500
0
1947 1950 1955 1960 1965
FIGURE 1 UFO Sightings by Year
Total UFO Sightings
Number of UFO's Explained

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

LRG-7
records show that 701 sightings were recorded between October and December of that year.
Historical Sightings of Aerial Phenomena
Prior to the so-called "modern era" (i.e., post-1947) of UFO activity, unexplained flying objects were reported less frequently. Peaks of activity are discernible in the 1882-1886 period, as well as in 1897, 1906 and 1909 (see Figure 2). Written sources, ranging from ancient manuscripts to noted newspapers tell of pre-twentieth century UFO sightings; Jacques Vallee, author of Anatomy of a Phenomenon, has assembled a file of more than 300 such reports for that period.
After 1800, sightings became more numerous and were better documented, both in the public and professional press. The explanations of such phenomena involved much conjecture, but observers increasingly sought rational criteria against which to test observations.
The great season of "western civilization is that such a relation, between natural phenomena, cannot be adequately understood on the basis of introspection, speculation or superstition, but requires investigation. The methods and techniques of investigation are what we mean by science.
Identification of Flying Objects (versus UFOs)
To evaluate UFO sightings, the Air Force has established categories of identification, based upon previous experience that usually permits conversion of an unidentified flying object to an identifiable one:
Aircraft -- evaluations are made on the basis of description and flight characteristics. Essential performance elements are delineated for conventional, jet, photo, and advertising aircraft, helicopters, and refueling missions.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a graph showing the "Yearly Number of UFO Reports" from 1915 to 1915. It is a line chart that depicts the fluctuations in the number of UFO reports over this time period. There is no photograph present in this image.

YEARLY NUMBER OF UFO REPORTS -- 1915-1915

Figure 2

Chart reproduced with permission of Henry Regnery Company, from "ANATOMY OF A PHENOMENON" by Jacques Vallee (Chicago, 1965), following p. 116.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the evaluation of UFO reports and sightings. The text describes how UFO reports are categorized as either "Insufficient Data" or "Unidentified", and discusses the role of the analyst in evaluating these sightings. The document also mentions a "flurry of sightings" throughout the United States following Arnold's observation of several disc-shaped objects.

Balloons -- evaluations are made on the basis of description and flight characteristics. Essential performance elements are delimited for various (low level) balloons, upper research balloons, other research balloons (e.g., pilot, cluster, rrALA), and miscellaneous (toy, not). 

Astronomical sightings -- bright stars, planets, comets, fireballs, clusters, Aurora streams, etc. 
Satellites -- evaluation will be based on four elements of data: time of sighting, description of orbit, direction of flight, and duration of sighting.
Other missiles, reflections, mirages, searchlights, birds, aircraft, and meteorological phenomena.

Those UFO reports which are not relegated to one of the "Identified" categories (above) are designated either under "Insufficient Data" or as "Unidentified". Reports categorized as "Insufficient Data" lack one or more elements of critical information; every effort is made to obtain this data in order to perform a meaningful analysis.

A sighting is considered to be "Unidentified" when "a report apparently containing all pertinent data necessary to suggest a valid hypothesis concerning the cause or explanation of the report but the description of the object or its motion cannot be correlated with any known object or phenomenon."

The attempted identification of the phenomena observed is generally derived from human impressions and interpretations and not from scientific devices or measurements.

As the result of the flurry of sightings throughout the United States following Arnold's observation of several disc-shaped objects, a letter...

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document page. The page appears to be text-only and provides details about Project Blue Book, the Air Force's special project for investigating reports of unidentified flying objects.

LRS-10
was sent September 23, 1947 by Lt. Gen. Nathan Twining, Commander of the
Air Material Command, to the Office of Chief of Staff of the U. S. Air
Force, expressing the opinion that there was "sufficient substance to the
reports to warrant detailed study." On December 30, 1947 the Chief of
Staff, Gen. Carl Spaatz, directed Gen. Joseph T. McNarney, Chief of the
Air Material Command, to establish a special project for the purpose of
collecting, collating, evaluating, and distributing information concerning
UFO sightings. Thus, "Project Sign" came into being on February 11, 1948.

Air Force Establishes a Special Project

In February of 1949, the Project Sign report was published, stating
that on the basis of 243 of the "best documented" reports studied, "no
definite evidence was available to confirm or disprove the actual
existence of unidentified flying objects as new and unknown types of
aircraft."

On December 16, 1948, the project name was changed to "Grudge";
the conclusions reached after studying 244 reports (best documented)
was that the phenomena presented no threat to the security of the United
States and that the vast majority of sightings were misinterpretations of
conventional objects. The newly formed Department of the Air Force,
then, was designated as the Federal Government's instrument for "investigating reports on unidentified flying objects and of evaluating any
possible threat to our national security that such objects might pose."

In March, 1952, the Air Force project name became "Project Blue
Book", which remains its current official designation.

The objectives of Project Blue Book are two-fold: first,
to determine whether UFOs pose a threat to the security
of the United States; and second, to determine whether
any aspects of the UFO phenomenon are of scientific value.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document that provides information about UFO investigatory procedures.

UFOs exhibit any unique scientific information or advanced technology which could contribute to scientific or technical research." 21/

Investigatory Procedures

When a sighting is reported, it is the responsibility of the air base commander closest to the scene to investigate the occurrence, interview the witness(es), and complete the requisite form. The documentation (ATIC Form 164) is forwarded to the Aerial Phenomena Branch, Foreign Technology Division, Air Force Systems Command, at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. There it is carefully reviewed by Project Blue Book personnel, and a check is made, as appropriate, with the cognizant specialty groups noted below. If a second investigation is deemed necessary, either Air Force or consultant personnel visit the scene of the incident, and submit a further report.

Since 1955, Project Blue Book continues to investigate only those sightings which are reported either directly to the Air Force, or via some law enforcement agency. Only sightings within the continental United States are included in these investigatory efforts. Information is prepared by the USAF Office of Information for the general public in the form of news releases and "Fact Sheets".

Consultants Provide Expertise in Many Areas

In the day-to-day treatment of UFO sightings, the Air Force team utilizes the expertise of many organizations and individuals (see Figure 3). For astronomical sightings, such scientists as Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Dr. Charles P. Olivier, and Dr. Donald Menzel are used; also, the staffs of scientific magazines (Sky and Telescope, etc.) are consulted.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a diagram or flowchart illustrating the process of "Reporting, Investigating, and Analyzing UFO Sightings" as part of Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

REPORTING, INVESTIGATING, AND ANALYZING UFO SIGHTINGS

PRIVATE UFO
ORGANIZATIONS

FIRST
REPORT

NEWS MEDIA

STATE & LOCAL
LAW OFFICERS
AND PUBLIC

MILITARY
SERVICE OR
FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT

PUBLIC

WITNESSES

RADAR
SPECIALISTS

AIR TRAFFIC
CONTROLLERS

FAA, NASA
OTHER GOVT
AGENCIES

INVESTIGATION
COMPILATION
ANALYSIS

LOCAL AIR
BASE
INVESTIGATOR

PHOTO
SPECIALISTS

ARMY,
NAVY

CONSULTANTS

AERIAL PHENOMENA
BRANCH, WRIGHTPATTERSON AIR
FORCE BASE, OHIO

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text from a Project Blue Book document.

Queried. In the case of suspected aircraft sightings, contact is made with the Air Defense Command, the Strategic Air Command, local airports, and the Federal Aviation Agency.

Balloon sightings are referred to one or more of the following: Balloon Control Center (Holloman AFB), U.S. Weather Bureau (Ashville, N.C.), local airports and weather stations, and various industries (e.g., General Mills) and universities which are conducting balloon research activities. Satellite information is checked by reference to printed ECHO (the large reflector satellite) schedules, NASA satellite reports, Smithsonian North and South Equatorial Crossings, and the Space Detection and Tracking Systems (SPADATS). Missile information is obtained by contacting Cape Kennedy (Fla.), Vandenberg AFB (Calif.), Point Mugu (Calif.), Wallops Island (Va.), or military units involved in special exercises.

Special Air Force analytical groups, and on occasion Eastman Kodak Co., handle the technical aspects of radar sightings and most photographic reports. Physical specimens suspected of connection with the sightings are processed by such groups as Battelle Memorial Institute (ceramics), the Air Force Material Laboratory, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Libby Owens and Corning Fiberglass companies (glass), and certain academic groups (e.g., Northwestern University Department of Geology).

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Special Studies 22 UFOs

In addition to "in-house studies," the Air Force contracted with an industrial consultant in 1951 for an independent analysis leading to: Special Report No. 14 (Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects), dated May 5, 1955. The methodology used in the preparation of this report is discussed below.

Consequently with this independent study, the Air Force appointed a Scientific Advisory Panel chaired by Dr. H. P. Robertson (California Institute of Technology). This five-man panel met during the week of January 14, 1953, and examined 75 of the best documented UFO cases. The panel concluded that the phenomena presented no threat to the security of the United States. It further recommended that the Air Force deprive the project of its special status, which would aid in decreasing the mystery attached to the subject. News releases and all matters dealing with the public would be handled by the Office of Information at the Secretary level.

Air Force Regulation 200-2

In 1953, Air Force Regulation 200-2 (see Appendix A) was issued, which established the responsibility and procedures for reporting information and evidence on UFO's, and for releasing information to the general public.

This regulation established the UFO Program to investigate and analyze UFO's over the United States. Such investigations and analyses are directly related to Air Force responsibility for the defense of the United States.

A questionnaire (see Appendix B) was prepared for use in documenting sightings of unidentified aerial phenomenon, entitled "U. S. Air Force Observation Questionnaire."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the "Technical Information" and procedures for reporting UFO sightings. The text on the page describes the essential elements of information to be reported by observers, the process of reducing and analyzing the sighting data, and the standardized form and coding system established for UFO sighting reports.

Technical Information" (PTD Form 164). The essential elements of information to be reported by observers include such items as time and place of sighting, weather conditions, object size and motion, and location of observer. Procedures were established -- JANAP 146, Cirvis, Merint -- to guide the other military services in reporting UFO sightings.

Throughout the period of preparation of Special Report No. 14 by the industrial consultant study team, emphasis was placed on a step-by-step, rational analysis of sighting data, and care was taken to place the reports in a standardized, carefully structured form. A procedure then was developed for reducing the data to usable form, to be accomplished in four major steps:

1) a systematic listing of the factors necessary to evaluate the observer and his report, and to identify the unknown object observed
2) a standard scheme for the transfer of data to a mechanized computation system
3) an orderly means of relating the original data to all subsequent computations
4) a consistent procedure for the identification of the phenomenon described by the original data.

A questionnaire form and a coding system with appropriate work sheets were designed and a serial numbering system was established for sighting data. Key terminology then was agreed upon, with the term "Unit Sighting" referring to the actual sightings, and "Object Sighting" referring to the assumed number of phenomena.

Evaluation of sighting reports in preparation of data for later statistical treatment has been considered to be critical. The standardized procedure in Special Report No. 14 featured:

- page 11 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a title page or cover page for a document from the Library of Congress Legislative Reference Service. The title of the document is "FACTS ABOUT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS". The document was prepared by Robert L. Chartrand, who is identified as a "Specialist in Science and Technology, Science Policy Research Division", and was assisted by William J. Brown, who is identified as an "Analyst in Science and Technology, Science Policy Research Division". The document is dated May 2, 1966 and lists Washington, D.C. as the location.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
LEGISLATIVE REFERENCE SERVICE

FACTS ABOUT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

Robert L. Chartrand
Specialist in Science and Technology
Science Policy Research Division

Assisted By:
William J. Brown
Analyst in Science and Technology
Science Policy Research Division

May 2, 1966

Washington, D.C.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) between 1952 and 1969.

The text in the document discusses the process and procedures used to analyze UFO sighting data, including:

1) The deduction of discrete facts from data which depended on human impressions rather than scientific measurements.
2) The rating of the observer and his report as determined from available information.
3) The determination of the probable identification of the phenomenon observed.
4) The categories of identification included, such as balloon, astronomical, aircraft, light phenomena, birds, clouds, insufficient information, psychological manifestations, unknown, and other identifications.
5) The two-phase process used to maximize objectivity and thoroughness in the handling of the sighting data.
6) The relationship between the observed facts and the subsequent interpretation, as noted by Menzel and Boyd.
7) The discussion of report handling, including the need to clearly separate information and use separate codes.
8) The recommendation that the Air Force should engage in a "systematic" approach to analyze sighting data on unidentified aerial objects, as stated in Special Report No. 14.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a USAF program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

LRS-17
sorting and tabulation program to give frequency and percentage distribu-
tions of the important characteristics of sightings." In this way,
sorting, counting, and tabulating of information from the punched card
abstracts could be executed, and further, any emerging patterns or
trends might be identified and used in future, more sophisticated treat-
ment using statistical methods.
Attempts to Create a "Flying Saucer" Model
An attempt to discern meaningful trends and patterns in UFO sight-
ings then was made by analyzing the descriptions of the physical appear-
ance, flight characteristics, and other significant attributes of vari-
ous classes of UFOs. Of the 43 object sightings identified as "Unknowns", only 12 were described in enough detail that they could serve
as the basis for the creation of a "flying saucer model". Other
sighting data did, however, sometimes coincide with certain features of
the reported UFOs in these four categories.
These 12 sightings could be placed in four categories on the
basis of their shapes:

- page 14 -

The image contains three illustrations. The first illustration is labeled "Figure 4 - Propeller Shape" and shows a sketch of what appears to be a propeller blade or wing shape. The second illustration is labeled "Figure 5" and shows a simple oval shape, which is labeled "Aircraft Shapes". The third illustration is labeled "Figure 6" and shows a cross shape.

Transcription of text in the document:

Figure 4 - Propeller Shape
Figure 5 - Aircraft Shapes
Figure 6

- page 15 -

The image contains two illustrated depictions labeled as "Figure 7" and "Figure 8". The first illustration shows a cigar-shaped object with a windshield or window. The second illustration shows two cigar-shaped objects side by side, also with indications of windows or lighted areas.

LRS-13

Windshield

Lighted Windows

Cigar Shapes

- page 16 -

The image contains two diagrams depicting elliptical or disc-shaped objects. The first diagram (Figure 9) shows a round object with a central flashing light, while the second diagram (Figure 10) shows a disc-shaped object with a series of what appear to be portholes or openings around the perimeter.

LTR-20
Figure 9
Flashing light
Figure 10
Portholes
Elliptical or Disc Shapes

- page 17 -

The image contains two illustrations. The first illustration is labeled "Figure 11" and depicts a flying saucer or disc-shaped object. The second illustration is labeled "Figure 12" and shows a side view of an elliptical or disc-shaped object.

Text extracted from the document:

Figure 11
(Side View)
Figure 12
Elliptical or Disc Shapes

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

As a result of studying intensively the 12 subject cases, the study team was unable to develop a verified model of a "flying saucer". However, the four categories of reported flying objects (as shown in Figures 4 through 12) did evolve and could be used for future reference.

The conclusions contained in Special Report No. 14 noted that:

It is considered to be highly improbable that reports of unidentified aerial objects examined in this study represent observations of technological developments outside of the range of present-day scientific knowledge. It is emphasized that there has been a complete lack of any valid evidence of physical manifestations claimed.

Ad Hoc Committee of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board:

Early in 1966, an ad hoc committee of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board reviewed the resources and methods of investigation prescribed by Project Blue Book, at the request of Maj. Gen. E. B. LeBailly, Secretary of the Air Force Office of Information. After reviewing the findings of the 1953 Robertson panel, and hearing briefings by Air Force Project Blue Book personnel, the committee then reviewed selected case histories of UFO sightings.

The committee felt that it was significant that in spite of thousands of hours of astronomical observation and photographic coverage, "not a single unidentified object has been reported as appearing on any of these plates or been sighted visually in all these observations." Finally, it was concluded that "in the 19 years since the first UFO was sighted, there has been no evidence that unidentified flying objects are a threat to our national security."

However, in order to reduce the number of reported flying objects classified as "Unidentified", the reports included recommendations for strengthening the project staff, contracting with a private agency for scientific and technical analysis, and improving public education on the nature of UFO phenomena.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document.

LRB-23
few selected universities to assist in UFO investigations, initiation of 
studies in depth of selected cases, an expanded form (questionnaire) for 
reporting, and wider distribution of UFO official literature.
It was announced on April 21, 1966 by Rep. Gerald R. Ford that the United States Air Force has contracted with a group of scientists to perform an independent study of UFOs. This "in depth" analysis will commence after July 1, and will concentrate on some of the reports which remain unexplained after investigation through established Air Force procedures.
Special Briefings on UFO Activity
Periodically, the attention given to UFO activity by the public and news media has caused various high level military and civilian requests for special briefings. In October, 1956, a briefing was given by Project Blue Book personnel for Maj. Gen. Millard Lewis, Director of Air Force Intelligence (DCS/Operations). Less than a year later, on September 16, 1957, the Defense Science Board was briefed on the status of UFO activity.
In the period following the launching of Sputnik I, the number of reported UFO sightings rose spectacularly. A special briefing was conducted during January, 1958, for the Senate Committee on Government Operations (Hon. John L. McClellan, chairman). In August of the same year, a briefing was held for the Subcommittee on Atmospheric Phenomena of the House Select Committee on Astronautics and Space Exploration (Hon. John W. McCormack, chairman).
The next request for a special briefing was not recorded by Project Blue Book until July, 1961, when Robert Smart, "chief counsel", to Congressman Joseph E. Karth, was given a status report on the UFO program.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document discusses the Air Force's investigation of UFOs, including comments from various committee members on the percentage of reported UFO sightings that included photographs. The text also discusses the Air Force's position on the possibility of life existing on other planets.

On April 5, 1966, Dr. Harold Brown, Secretary of the Air Force, accompanied by Dr. J. Allen Hynek and Maj. Hector Quintanilla, Jr., UFO project officer, appeared before the House Committee on Armed Services.

Dr. Brown assured the Committee that:

Although the past 18 years of investigating unidentified flying objects have not identified any threat to our national security, or evidence that the unidentified objects are technologically superior to present-day scientific knowledge, or any evidence of extra-terrestrial vehicles, the Air Force continues to investigate such phenomena with an open mind and with the finest technical equipment available.

Later in the testimony, various Committee members raised questions regarding UFOs sighted on radar, or photographed. Dr. Hynek estimated that "only about 1 percent, or less" of the cases reported to the Air Force have included photographs. When asked what percentage of the reported incidents in the United States have been viewed on radar screens, Maj. Quintanilla indicated "about 1.5 percent", and later noted that "We have no radar cases which are unexplained."

It has been shown that several groups -- Congressional, senior military, and scientific -- have taken an interest in and examined evidence related to UFO sightings. The great majority of UFOs have been identified as known objects or natural conditions. In no instance has the Air Force or any other official group purported to have the answer regarding the existence of life in outer space.

- page 21 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. However, the image does contain text from an old UFO report document. 

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

PUBLIC REACTION TO UFO'S

For nearly two decades, people throughout the world have evinced a strong, though cyclical interest in UFOs. The reported presence of aerial phenomena has held psychological significance for some, quasi-scientific importance for others, and a religious connotation for yet others. In general, there are two main groups of persons who study UFO's:

1. "UFOlogists" -- serious, scientific students of the exciting phenomena now taking place in our heavens. Of this intellectually curious group, many outstanding aviators, space scientists, and military personnel are numbered today.

2. "Contactees" or "saucerians" - many of these people purport to have made contact with those whom they believe to be the operators of UFOs, and with the utilization of mysterious and mystical techniques which are never subject to objective scientific analysis or other kinds of demonstrable proof.

Dr. Carl Jung, the psychologist, points out that despite the mass of observational data which has been accumulated, "the physical reality of UFOs remained a problematical matter."

The longer the uncertainty lasted, the greater became the probability that this obviously complicated phenomenon had an extremely important psychic component as well as a possible physical basis.

The psychological significance of the UFO, then, is a factor to be considered. Sagan states that "the interest in unidentified flying objects derives, perhaps, not so much from scientific curiosity as from unfulfilled religious needs." 

Whatever the significance of UFOs to various persons, dozens of organizations have been organized throughout the world "to collect UFO reports and publish 'the truth' allegedly suppressed by government sources."

Some of these groups maintain extensive data files.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows the table of contents for a Project Blue Book report. The table of contents lists the sections of the report, including an introduction to the unidentified flying object, descriptions of various types of UFOs, historical sightings of aerial phenomena, identification of flying objects, government monitoring of UFO activity, special studies of UFOs, special briefings on UFO activity, public reaction to UFOs, and appendices with additional information.

SUMMARY
INTRODUCTION 
THE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
Description of Various Types of UFO's
Trends in UFO Activity
Historical Sightings of Aerial Phenomena
Identification of Flying Objects (versus UFO's)
U. S. GOVERNMENT MONITORING OF UFO ACTIVITY
Air Force Establishes a Special Project
Special Studies of UFO's 
Special Briefings on UFO Activity
PUBLIC REACTION TO UFO'S
FOOTNOTES
APPENDICES
A - Air Force Regulation 200-2
B - U. S. Air Force Technical Information
C - Bibliographical Information
D - Unidentified Flying Objects: Selected Bibliography

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing UFO sightings and efforts by the Air Force to investigate and study selected facets of UFO activity.

Text from the document:

disseminate news on UFO sightings, and send their own investigators to interview citizens who have seen unidentified aerial objects.

A literature has developed on the subject, ranging from the serious to the remotely relevant. Many of the civilian organizations feel that the Air Force effort to document and evaluate sightings is inadequate, and that a full Congressional inquiry on the subject should be held.

Manzel and Boyd state that "most UFO organizations cling to the belief that a conspiracy exists to conceal the existence of extraterrestrial vehicles, but they disagree on its precise composition."

The Air Force steadfastly has stated that it "does not seek to limit discussion on such reports and does not withhold or censor any information pertaining to this unclassified program." Recommendations to expand the Air Force project now are under consideration and a consultant group, as noted above, soon will undertake an intensive, comprehensive study of selected facets of UFO activity.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old report or document. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

1. U. S. Congress. House Committee on Armed Services. Unidentified Flying Objects. Hearing by the Committee on Armed Services. (29th Cong., 2nd sess.: April 5, 1966) p. 5071.

2. Ibid., p. 5972.

3. Jacques Vallee, Anatomy of a Phenomenon (Chicago, Henry Regnery Co., 1965), pp. 39-42.

4. Project Blue Book, Special Report No. 14 (Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects), (Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio: Air Technical Intelligence Center, May 5, 1955), p. 1.

5. Project BLUE BOOK (February 1, 1966), p. 1.

6. Carl Sagan, "Unidentified Flying Objects," reprint from The Encyclopedia Americana (Copyright 1952), p. 1.

7. Donald H. Menzel and Lyle G. Boyd, The World of Flying Saucers (New York: Doubleday & Company, 1963), p. 6.

8. Ibid., pp. 7, 9.

9. Sagan, op. cit., p. 3.

10. Vallee, op. cit., p. 5.

11. Lee Loevinger, "Jurimetrics--The Next Step Forward," Minnesota Law Review, 1949, 33:455, p. 478.

12. Project BLUE BOOK, op. cit., pp. 1-10.

13. Project BLUE BOOK, op. cit., p. 2.

14. Lt. Colonel Lawrence J. Tacker, Flying Saucers and the U.S. Air Force (Princeton, N.J.: D. Van Nostrand Company, 1960), p. 154.

15. Vallee, op. cit., p. 81.

16. "The Unidentified Flying Object Program," U.S. Air Force summary outlined prepared by Project BLUE BOOK, p. 2.

17. Ibid., p. 2.

18. Ibid., p. 2.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

LRS-78

19. Ibid., p. 2. 
20. Department of the Air Force, Office of the Secretary, Dr. Harold Brown Letter to Hon. L. Mendel Rivers, Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, U.S. Congress (Washington, D.C.) April 5, 1966, p. 1.
21. Project BLUE BOOK, op. cit., p. 1.
22. Ibid., p. 4.
23. "The Unidentified Flying Object Program," op. cit., pp. 4-6.
24. "The Unidentified Flying Object Program," op. cit., pp. 2-3.
25. Department of the Air Force, Air Force Regulation No. 200-2A (Washington, D.C.: March 30, 1964), p. 1.
26. Department of the Air Force, U.S. Air Force Technical Information (AFTJ Form 164), October 1962, pp. 1-5.
27. Special Report No. 14, op. cit., p. 4.
28. Ibid., pp. 6, 9.
29. Special Report No. 14, op. cit., p. 10.
30. Ibid., p. 10.
31. Menzel and Boyd, op. cit., p. 4.
32. Vallee, op. cit., p. 103.
33. Special Report No. 14, op. cit., p. 14.
34. Ibid., pp. 76-78.
35. Ibid., pp. 78-91.
36. Special Report No. 14, op. cit., p. 1x.
37. Dr. Brian O'Brien and others, "Special Report of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board Ad Hoc Committee to Review Project 'Blue Book'," March 1966, p. 1.
38. Ibid., p. 2.
39. Ibid., p. 2.
40. Ibid., pp. 2-4.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a scanned document or report. The page appears to be an index or list of items, with numbered entries and references to other sources or publications.

41. "UFO Sightings Study Ordered" (headline), The Washington Post, April 22, 1966, p. 4.
42. "The Unidentified Flying Object Program," op. cit., p. 3.
43. Ibid., p. 3.
44. Ibid., p. 3.
45. Ibid., p. 4.
46. U.S. Congress. House Committee on Armed Services, Unidentified Flying Objects, op. cit., p. 5992.
47. Ibid., p. 6072.
48. Ibid., pp. 6072-6073.
49. Tucker, op. cit., p. 47.
50. Hon. Edgar W. Hiestand, The Congressional Record, July 15, 1959 (quoting George Todt), op. cit., p. A6833.
51. C. J. Jung, Flying Saucers, A Modern Myth of Things Seen in the Skies (London: Routledge & Kegan Paul, 1959) p. xill.
52. Sagan, op. cit., p. 8.
53. Menzel and Boyd, op. cit., p. 275.
54. Ibid., p. 278.
55. Project BLUE BOOK, op. cit., p. 4.
56. Ibid., pp. 2-4.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document titled "Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)". The text appears to be the regulation establishing the UFO program, including details on the program's responsibilities, reporting procedures, and definitions of key terms. I will now transcribe the full text of the document:

AIR FORCE REGULATION 
NO. 200-2

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Washington, 26 July 1962

Intelligence Activities
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)

This regulation establishes the UFO Program to investigate and analyze UFOs over the United States. Such investigations and analysis are directive related to Air Force responsibilities for the defense of the United States. The UFO Program provides for the reporting of UFOs and the investigation of each report. All Air Force and other Department of Defense personnel will comply strictly with this regulation.

SECTION A - GENERAL
Paragraph 1. Explanation of Terms.
Paragraph 2. Responsibilities. 
Paragraph 3. Collecting UFO Information.
Paragraph 4. Releasing UFO Information.

SECTION B - PUBLIC RELATIONS, INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND RELEASES
Paragraph 5. Maximizing Public Relations. 
Paragraph 6. Releasing Information.
Paragraph 7. Contacts with Non-Air Force Sources.
Paragraph 8. Contacts.

SECTION C - PREPARING AND SUBMITTING REPORTS
Paragraph 9. Report Preparation.
Paragraph 10. Preparing and Submitting Reports.
Paragraph 11. Where to Submit Reports.
Paragraph 12. Negative or Inapplicable Data.
Paragraph 13. Commands of Preparing Officers.
Paragraph 14. Reporting Physical Evidence.

SECTION D - GENERAL
1. Explanation of Terms. To insure proper and uniform usage in UFO sightings, investigations, and reports, an explanation of the objects and terms is followed:
a. Familiar or Known Objects: Aircraft, balloons, birds, searchlights, planets, stars, meteors, fireball, missiles, satellites in orbit, and other celestial objects. 
b. Unidentified Flying Objects: Any aerial phenomena, airborne object or objects which are unknown or appear out of the ordinary to the observer. They exhibit extraordinary characteristics, or unusual features.

2. Objectives. The Air Force interest in UFOs is threefold. First, it is to determine if the UFO is a possible threat to the United States and its forces. Second, to keep the public informed. Third, to obtain technical data.

OPR: AFCIN
DISTRIBUTION: S

- page 28 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFR 200-2

a. Air Defense: The great majority of flying objects reported through ordinary channels turn out to be familiar objects or natural phenomena. However, some are unusual and may be hostile or new foreign air vehicles of unknown origin. It is important to identify them as soon as possible.

b. Technical and Scientific: The Air Force will continue to collect and analyze reports of UFO's that are scientifically unexplained, as distinguished from those that have been explained. In performing this task the following factors are of great importance:

(1) To measure scientific advances, the Air Force must be aware of the latest experimental and operational data on foreign air vehicles or weapons.

(2) The possibility exists that foreign countries may develop air vehicles or revolutionary weapons.

(3) There is need for further scientific knowledge that may be gained from the study and analysis of UFO's and similar aerial phenomena.

(4) The reporting of all pertinent factors concerning UFO's will permit a direct bearing on scientific analysis and a reduction of percentage of "unidentified" Air Force sightings.

3. Responsibilities:
a. Reporting: Base commanders will report all information and evidence of sightings in accordance with the provisions of this directive to Headquarters USAF (AFOIN).

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CHANGE
AIR FORCE REGULATION
NO 200-2A

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Washington, 20 March 1962

Intelligence Activities
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)

AFR 200-2, 20 July 1962, is changed as follows:

7a. Reporting. USAF Scientific Advisory Group will continue to fix the reporting procedures, which will require prompt reporting by letter; however, keep the use of letter reports to a minimum in reporting initial sightings. The delays often involved in processing and transmitting correspondence through normal channels often make reports of the Agency investigations difficult, producing only limited usable information. This factor is a necessary consideration. Reporting by telephone and/or telegraph will eliminate delays, provide for prompt followup and/or complete report on all sightings, originally restricted electronically, if so required by the Agency.

13a(4). Change "AFCIN" to "AFNIN."

13b. Written Reports. Submit all letter reports (other than initial sightings) through an Authorized Reporting Procedure, 1st Lt. Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, 45433. AFSC (IFT) will distribute the reports to interested intelligence activities in the Air Force and to the Office of Information, if necessary. 

13b(1). Delete.
13b(2). Delete.
16. Change reference to paragraph "6" to "4."
18. Change "TD-E" to "TDEW."

BY ORDER OF THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE

CURTIS E. LeMay
CHIEF OF STAFF

R. J. PUGH
Colonel, USAF
Director of Administrative Services

DISTRIBUTION: S

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "AFR 200-2" that outlines procedures for the investigation of UFO sightings under Project Blue Book.

The text in the document reads as follows:

AFR 200-2

2. Project information. The Office of Legislative Liaison (SAFLL) is to be notified in accordance with AFR 11-7.

3. Processing Air Force UFO reports. Air Force activities will cooperate with Air Force UFO investigators to insure the expeditious and proper accomplishment of investigations and analyses. When feasible, full air technical intelligence/operations evaluations will be made.

4. Guidance. The thoroughness and quality of investigations and analyses of UFO's are important. Investigators should be chosen only by the skill and resourcefulness of the personnel who comprise the investigative team/or prepare the report. The usefuLness and credibility of any official UFO report depends on the completeness, objectivity, and expertise of the investigation. Guidelines for screening, evaluating, and reporting UFO sightings are:

a. Careful study of the report to determine its credibility and consistency. An interview with the observer is especially valuable in determining the reliability and the accuracy of the report. Attention are the observer's age, occupation, and background, which may influence the report.

b. Theodolite measurements of angles, elevations, and azimuths, if feasible, as an aid in determining the size, distance, and speed of the UFO.

c. Intercepion, identification, or air search, if possible, and within the scope of air defense regulations.

d. When feasible, contact with local aircraft control and warning (ACW) units, and with pilots and crews of any aircraft which may have been in the area at the time of the sighting, and with other persons or organizations that may have additional data on the UFO can or can offer corroboration.

e. Consultation with military or civilian weather forecasters for data on tracks or weather balloons released in the area and any unusual meteorological activity which may have a bearing on the sighting.

f. Consultation with navigators and astronomers in the area to determine whether any astronomical body or phenomenon would account for the sighting.

g. Contact with military and civilian tower operators, air operations units, and airlines to determine if they have any information which would aid in the investigation.

SECTION B - PUBLIC RELATIONS, INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND RELEASES

6. Maintaining Public Relations. The Office of Information is responsible for:

a. In coordination with the AFSDC (FTD), maintaining contact with the public and the press on all aspects of the UFO program and its related activities.

b. Releasing information on UFO sightings and results of investigations.

c. Periodically releasing information on this subject to the general public.

- page 31 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text related to UFO reporting procedures and guidelines.

AFR 200-2
SECTION C - PREPARING AND SUBMITTING REPORTS
11. General Information:
a. Paragraphs 2 and 5 will serve as aids and guidance to screening, investigations, and reporting as prescribed in this regulation. The information contained in the reports of aerial objects and phenomena will be used to determine whether the report concerns a valid UFO within the provisions of this regulation.
b. To assure prompt and proper handling of UFO matters, personnel responsible for handling, screening, and processing all reports shall be briefed on the general procedures and requirements set forth in the provisions of this regulation.
7. Releasing Information. The Office of Information will release only that information which is considered releasable under existing laws and policies, or required for the public interest. This includes replies to correspondence (except confidential functions) with individuals requesting information or analysis of reports.
8. Exceptions. In response to local inquiries regarding any UFO reported in the vicinity, the organization concerned may release information to the press or the general public only when the nature, identification, and location of the sighting are a familiar or known fact. (See paragraph 11 f(2) below regarding non-releasable information).
9. Release by Non-Air Force Sources. If newsmen, writers, publishers, or private individuals desire to release unofficial information concerning UFO matters, they will make every effort to assure that the statements, opinions, and allegations of these individuals are not represented as official information.
10. Contacts with Air Force. Individuals or organizations desiring Air Force information or interviews, or private desire to go beyond the specific request to the Office of Information, will not contact private individuals on UFO cases, nor will they discuss their operations with other agencies or private individuals unless so directed, and then only on a "need-to-know" basis.
12. Methods for Transmitting Reports:
a. Together with any necessary screenings and investigatory preparatory to reporting, report all information on UFO's promptly. Electrical transmission, with a "Priority" precedence, is authorized.
b. Submit written reports of sightings over 3 days old on AF Form 112, "Intelligence Report."

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text.

The text in the document is as follows:

AFS 200-2
and AF Form 112A.
12. (a) AF Supplement to Atch 13, Dept of AF Manual 14-2, data collection control system data. However, keep informed on status of items under consideration for submission into this system.
(b) ATC Form 112, Air Force report, is used. As a quarterly report, for unidentified aerial phenomena/objects through the control tower. 
The policy often involved in the mandatory reporting procedures and completion of this form is stated as follows:
"The criteria often involved in the reporting procedures and completion of ATC Form 112 production are routine occurrences through normal air traffic control radio communications. Only limited weather indications, true course/bearing, heading, and maximum speeds are required. Due to the infrequency of reporting activity, the procedures by the USAF (AFSC) may be requested only when necessary."
13. Where To Submit Reports:
a. Route reports through multiple addresses: 
(1) Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, Colorado 
(2) Sec'y Air Division (Defense) (For United States only)
(3) Air Force Systems Command, Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
b. In D.C.: Hq USAF (AFCIN), Wash

b. Written Reports (Basic letters and AF Forms 112)
(1) Basic Letters: Submit all letter reports direct to AFSC. The AFSC will distribute the reports to interested Intelligence agencies and other controls in the United States and elsewhere as required.
(2) AF Form 112: Submit original report (in quadruplicate) to B/D, 1 Jul 1953, direct to HQ USAF (AFCIN), and a copy to AFSC.

c. Reports from Civilians: Where possible, advise civilians to submit reports through the nearest Air Force base for processing and transmission, to the nearest Air Force base.

14. Basic Reporting Data and Format. Show the following in the first portion of the text of written reports. Include the required data in all reports, in the order shown below:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape:
(2) Size compared to a known object (use of size comparisons).
(5) Other pertinent or unusual features.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of the observer(s)?
(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) first observed.
(3) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) disappearance.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers.
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (instantaneous to the north, etc.)
(6) How long (were) the object(s) visible? (minutes, hours, etc.)

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use of optical instruments used, combination of the foregoing, unaided eye alone.
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binocular), used and description thereof.
(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, altitude, and location or ground station.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting.
(2) Light conditions: (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk.)
(3) Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position in sufficient detail to be identified on a known landmark map.
(4) Also, such as "2 NW N Decville," "3.5 SW of Blue Lake" Topographical seams or "fortuitous messages" making location plots difficult or impossible.

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing text only.

SUMMARY
For almost two decades, there has been high public interest in the reported sightings of many kinds of mysterious objects in the sky. These aerial phenomena have been called "flying saucers" or "Unidentified Flying Objects" (UFO's) both in the public press and in official documentation.
A series of sightings early in 1966 caused renewed interest in the subject, and the secretary of the air force was requested 1/ to provide information concerning air force activities in the area of reported UFO's to the Armed Services Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. The essential elements of his report are included in this study, together with an historical perspective and details regarding the development of reporting and evaluation procedures for handling UFO sighting information.
Public awareness of unusual flying objects commenced in 1947, now considered to be the beginning of the "modern era" of sightings, and has continued with periodic "waves" of activity to the present. Of the 10,147 cases investigated 2/ by the U.S. Air Force project established to analyze such reports, 9,501 objects have been identified officially as bright stars and planets, satellites, balloons, aircraft, and other known causes. This study is concerned with those sightings in which the flying object remained unidentified; i.e., in which the information available to the investigators is not adequate for analysis, or for which the existing information suggests a hypothesis but the object or phenomenon explaining it remains unidentified.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

AFR 200-2
Example: 89 46N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.
16. Competence of Reporting Officers. The professional competence and judgment of the observer are particularly important in the possible existence of the object to be reported. Together with a willingness to submit fullest details, and a thorough understanding of the items of information and to test all possible leads, these are essential factors in evaluating any report.
(1) Civilian--Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and statement of reliability.
(2) Military--Name, grade, organization, duty, and duration of reliability.
6. Weather and Winds--Aloft Conditions at time and place of sighting:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
(2) Winds from sources of AWS or U. S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity at various heights at nearest reporting station. (For example: 3,000', 10,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' altitude)
(3) Visibility and cloud coverage.
(4) Visibility.
(5) Amount of cloud cover.
(6) Thermodynamics in area and quadrant in which located.
(7) Vertical temperature gradient.
(8) Any other unusual activity or condition.
9. Internal logical consistency or observance, which may indicate or preclude the possibility of the sighting.
1. Interception or identification action taken on sighting authorized whenever feasible, and in compliance with existing air defense directives.
12. Location, approximate altitude, and general directions of flight of any air traffic or balloons which might account for the sighting
13. Description of text and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the sighting(s). (See paragraph 3.)
14. Existence of physical evidence, such as material and photographs.
15. Negative or Inapplicable Data. Even though the source does not provide, or an interviewer does not secure, information to fill out all pertinent spaces in the report form, every effort must be made to exhaust all logical leads to obtain the information outlined under paragraph 14. For example, a negative reply to the request for information contained in paragraph 14g is obtainable from the local military or civilian weather facility, when the question does not apply to the particular sighting under investigation.
17. Classification. Do not classify a report unless it requires classification. Classify reports primarily to protect personal data and to safeguard certain sighting details. It is requested by these procedures that more documents be left unclassified for public review.
18. Reporting Physical Evidence. Report promptly the existence of physical evidence, photographs, or negatives to the TD-E, Aerial Phenomena Branch.
(1) Still Photographs: Forward the negatives and the prints and/or indicate the place, time, and date of the incident.
(2) Motion Pictures: Obtain the original film, together with data relating to the camera, emulsion, processing, and other relevant information, as soon as possible and report promptly to TD-E, Aerial Phenomena Branch. 
(3) Supplemental Photographic Information: For sightings where motion pictures and stills are insufficient to permit clear conclusions. (See AFM 200-9 - classified document receiving limited distribution.) Information relating to the incident, apparent size and nature of object, probable velocity, and movements included.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which includes technical information about camera specifications and requirements related to processing UFO-related photographic materials.

AFR 200-2
95-7. Classify radarscope photographs in accordance with Section XII, AFR 205-1, 10 June 1960.
NOTE: If possible, develop photographic film before forwarding. Mark any unexplained film
components to be identified. Indicate the fact to avoid unnecessary delay in examination.
(1) Shutter speed used; that is, "f" stop.
(2) Was tripod or solid stand used.
(3) Radar "Marking" data.

b. Photographs. Each Air Force echelon receiving suspected or actual UFO material will submit photographic material, if any, with their report. All photographic material submitted will be returned to the individual after completion of necessary studies, examination, and duplication by the Air Force.

OFFICIAL:
CURTIS E. LeMay 
Chief of Staff

R. d. PUGH
Colonel, USAF
Director of Administrative Services

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire related to unidentified aerial phenomena observations. The questionnaire asks various questions about the sighting, such as the time, location, duration, and condition of the sky.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day - Month - Year

2. Time of day:
Hour - Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address - City or Town - State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours - Minutes - Seconds
a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes - No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright, b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright, b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. To your right, c. Behind you, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

FORM FTD OCT 62 164 - Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service, MAY 1966

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a series of questions and multiple-choice answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object. The document does not identify any individuals.

B. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember  

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up or dash away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flick?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions for the witness.

30. Have you ever seen "it", or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing diagrams and instructions for sketching and describing UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 40 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions to be answered by the observer of a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One): Yes NO If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One): YES NO If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country/side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour 24.4 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: a. Eyeglasses YES NO b. Sun glasses YES NO c. Windshield YES NO d. Window glass YES NO e. Binoculars YES NO f. Telescope YES NO g. Theodolite YES NO h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 41 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the observation of a UFO.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, likely a questionnaire or report form. The text on the page reads:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ___ Day ___ Month ___ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document containing biographical information about various individuals associated with Project Blue Book and the U.S. Air Force.

APPENDIX C -- BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

Dr. Joseph Allen HYNEK* - Ph.D. in astrophysics from the University of Chicago. Director of Dearborn Observatory, and Chairman of the Department of Astronomy, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois. Consultant to the Air Force since 1948 on the problem of unidentified flying objects phenomena. 

Dr. Donald Howard MENZEL* - Ph.D. in astrophysics from Princeton University. Director of the Harvard College Observatory and Professor of Astronomy, and Chairman of the Department of Astronomy, and Lick Observatory. Consultant to the Air Force on UFO cases involving Sun dogs and parhelia.

Dr. Charles Pollard OLIVIER* - Ph.D. in astronomy from Vanderbilt University. Formerly Professor and Director, Flower Observatory, University of Pennsylvania. President, American Meteoritical Society.

Edward J. RUPPELT (Deceased) - Formerly head of Project Blue Book, Aerial Phenomena Branch, Technology Division, Air Force Systems Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. Researchordinance for Northwest Aircraft Company.

Dr. Carl SAGAN - Ph.D. in astronomy and astrophysics from the University of Chicago. Department of Astronomy, Harvard University, and Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, Cambridge, Massachusetts. Member of the panel on extraterrestrial life, U.S. Air Force and National Research Council.

Lawrence J. TACKER - Formerly Lt. Col. USAF. Chief of Magazine and Book Branch, Office of Information, Office of Secretary of the Air Force.

Jacques VALLEE - Born and educated in France. University degree in mathematics and astronomy. Consultant on NASA "Mars Map" project.

* Biographical data from American Men of Science, edited by Jacques Cattell. Tempe, Arizona: Jacques Cattell Press, 10th edition, 1961. pp. 1212, 2772, 3030, 2216.

- page 44 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force operation that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

SUMMARY
for almost two decades, there has been high public interest in
the reported sightings of many kinds of mysterious objects in the
sky. These aerial phenomena have been called "flying saucers" or
"Unidentified Flying Objects" (UFO's) both in the public press and
in official documentation.

A series of sightings early in 1966 caused renewed interest in
the subject, and the Secretary of the Air Force was requested 1/ to
provide information concerning Air Force activities in the area of
reported UFO's to the Armed Services Committee of the U. S. House
of Representatives. The essential elements of his report are included
in this study, together with an historical perspective and details
regarding the development of reporting and evaluation procedures
for handling UFO sighting information.

Public awareness of unusual flying objects commenced in 1947,
now considered to be the beginning of the "modern era" of sightings,
and has continued with periodic "waves" of activity to the present.
Of the 10,147 cases investigated 2/ by the U. S. Air Force project
established to analyze such reports, 9,501 objects have been identified officially as bright stars and planets, comets and meteors,
satellites, balloons, aircraft, and other known causes. This study
is concerned with those sightings in which the flying object remained
unidentified; i.e., in which the information available to the investigators is not adequate for analysis, or for which the existing information suggests a hypothesis but the object or phenomenon explaining it

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a document related to the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

APPENDIX D

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS: SELECTED BIBLIOGRAPHY

Davidson, Leon. Flying saucers: an analysis of the Air Force project. Blue book special report no. 14. With an appendix consisting of
a photo-offset copy of the full text of the Air Force project blue book special report no. 14, dated May 5, 1955 and some of the important tables and figures from that report. White Plains, N. Y.,
1956. 83 p. 

Hall, Richard H., ed. The UFO evidence (unidentified flying objects). Washington, D. C.. National Investigations Committee on Aerial
Phenomena (NICAP), May 1964. 182 p.

Jung, Carl Gustav. Flying saucers: a modern myth of things seen in the skies. New York, Harcourt, Brace, 1959. 196 p.

Keyhoe, Donald Edward. Flying saucers: top secret. New York, Putnam,
1960. 283 p.

- The flying saucer conspiracy. New York, Holt, 1955. 315 p.

Menzel, Donald. Flying saucers. Cambridge, Harvard University Press,
1953. 312 p.

Menzel, Donald and Lyle G. Boyd. The world of flying saucers: a scientific examination of a major myth of the space age. Garden
City, N. Y., Doubleday & Co., 1963. 302 p.

Michel, Aime. The truth about flying saucers. Translated from the
French by Paul Selver. New York, Criterion Books, 1956. 255 p.

- Flying saucers and the straight-line mystery. New York,
Criterion Books, 1958. 284 p.

Miller, Max B. Flying saucers, fact or fiction? Two-views. Edited by
James Moseley. Los Angeles, Trend Books, 1957. 128 p.

Project Blue Book: Special report no. 14 (analysis of reports of unidentified aerial objects). Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio: Air
Technical Intelligence Center, May 5, 1955. 34 p.

Ruppelt, E. J. The report on unidentified flying objects. New York
Doubleday & Co., Inc., 1956. 315 p.

Sagan, Carl. Unidentified flying objects. Reprint from the encyclopedia
Americana, copyright 1963. 9 p.

Tacker, Lawrence J. Flying saucers and the U. S. Air Force. Princeton,
N. J.: Van Nostrand, 1960. 164 p.

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a report from Project Blue Book, that contains text but no visual images.

U. S. Congress. House. Committee on Armed Services. Unidentified flying objects. Hearing by the Committee on Armed Services. 89th Cong., 2nd sess., 1966. pp. 991-1075.

U. S. Department of Defense. Office of Public Information. Air Force's 10-year study of unidentified flying objects. Washington, D. C., 1957. 4 p. (Fact sheet no. 1023-57).

U. S. Department of the Air Force. Office of Public Information. U. S. Air Force summary of events and information concerning the unidentified flying object program. Washington, D. C., 1954. Unpaged.

Valle, Jacques. Anatomy of a phenomenon. Chicago, Illinois: Henry Regnery Co., 1965. 210 p.

- page 47 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old document, likely part of Project Blue Book, which contains text but no visual elements.

U. S. Congress. House. Committee on Armed Services. Unidentifled lylng objects. Hearing by the Committee on Armed Services. 89th Cong., 2nd session, April 5, 1966. pp. 230-1-249. 
U. S. Department of Defense. Office of Public Information. Air Force's 10-year study of unidentified flying objects. Washington, D. C.: 1557. 4 p. (Fact sheet no. 1683-57).
U. S. Department of the Air Force. Office of Public Information. U. S. Air Force summary of events and information concerning the unidentified flying object. Washington, D.C. 1956. 2 p.
Vallee, Jacques. Anatomy of a Phenomenon. Chicago, Illinois, Henry Regnery Co., 1965. 210 p.

- page 48 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document with text describing findings and conclusions from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

LRS-2
cannot be proven to have been present or taken place at the recorded
time of the sighting.

Late in 1947, the Department of the Air Force was designated as
the official mechanism of the United States Government for investigating and evaluating reports on unexplained flying objects and of
determining any latent threat to the national security. The organization then established, known for many years as Project Blue Book, is
charged with monitoring, investigating, documenting and evaluating
alleged UFO sightings within the continental United States.

In addition to Air Force in-house efforts to document and
analyze the broad spectrum of sightings, special non-government consultant panels periodically have been formed to review investigatory
procedures and findings of the best documented UFO cases. Also, an
industrial consultant firm was directed to conduct an exhaustive
examination of the procedures adopted for reducing sighting data to
a form usable in later statistical manipulation and graphic depiction.

The published findings of the study efforts, both by the Air
Force and independent consultants, contain five major points:
1. UFO's do not pose a threat to the nation;
2. UFO's do not represent developments or principles
beyond present-day scientific knowledge;
3. There is no evidence of extraterrestrial vehicles
under the control of an intelligent being;
4. There is no evidence of physical matter left behind
by a reported UFO;
5. Some small fraction of total sightings remain
"unidentified."

- page 49 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

LRS-3
Today, numerous unofficial organizations exist which collect information and publish news on UFO sightings. Many of these groups allege that the Air Force is not revealing all of the truth about unidentified flying objects. No evidence of such concealment has been developed. However, to strengthen its investigatory capability, the Air Force has announced that a new "blue ribbon" panel of scientists has been appointed to conduct an independent, comprehensive study of data pertaining to sightings that so far have been denoted as "Unidentified."

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

INTRODUCTION
Shortly after the end of the Second World War, the inhabitants of various countries reported observing unusual aerial phenomena. The news media publicized many of these sightings -- including opinions as to their possible extraterrestrial origin -- and a high degree of public interest developed. Although numerous reports of unexplained flying objects were reported throughout the United States, attention in 1946 was focused on the subject as the result of businessman Kenneth Arnold, flying his private plane on June 24, 1947, reporting that he had seen "a chainlike formation of disc-shaped objects" near Mount Rainier, Washington. Due to the wide circulation of this story, and the use of the descriptive phrase "flying saucers", nationwide interest quickly developed and was sustained by numerous other alleged sightings of unidentified flying objects.
"Unidentified flying objects," the terms used in all official and most popular references to the subject today, are defined by the United States Air Force as "any aerial object which the observer is unable to identify."
Dr. Carl Sagan of the Department of Astronomy, Harvard University, prefers to consider "UFO" as a "generic term for atmospheric phenomena, detected visually or by radar, of a nature not immediately understood.
THE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
It is not possible to state that there is a "typical" UFO but, as discussed later, such aerial phenomena may be separated into several categories. The numerous reports on sightings, which number more than

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, detailing "Description of Various Types of UFOs" and "Trends in UFO Activity".

Text output:

10,000 in the United States alone for the period 1947 through 1965, were designated by Dr. Donald H. Menzel, Director of the Harvard University Observatory, as "a heterogeneous collection of facts, fiction, and guesses." The Air Force indicates that reports of unfamiliar objects in the sky have been made by a wide range of observers - military and civilian pilots, amateur astronomers, housewives, etc.

Description of Various Types of UFOs:
Descriptions of UFOs often are inadequate for subsequent explanation due to the conditions under which the sighting was made, the qualifications of the observer, or the difficulty of translating the elements of the sighting into meaningful terms. Basic descriptive data usually are expressed in these categories (with examples):

Shape (cigar, propeller, aircraft, disc)
Size (various widely) 
Color (various) 
Motion (hovering, supersonic, vertical, zigzag)
Means of propulsion (unknown - flaming exhaust or none; various noises or silent) 
Structures (may or might; seldom over water or touching the earth)
Disappearance (unknown; apparently solid to "invisible")

Trends in UFO Activity:
Experience derived from nearly twenty years (post-1947) of UFO sighting activity indicates that activity may be reported in "waves" of observations, sometimes in a localized area. The activity in Europe in 1946, in the United States in 1952, and the high number of sightings in 1957 after the launching of Sputnik reflect such patterns (see Figure 1). In the aftermath of the Sputnik I launching in October of 1957, official.

- page 52 -

