The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains a "PROJECT 10073 RECORD" section with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 22 Nov 66 23/00/02
2. LOCATION: Middletown, Pennsylvania
10. CONCLUSION: Astro(meteor)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer watched a bluish white star like object across the sky in about six seconds. The 113-MPH speed, bluish color continuations brilliance, and disappearance are consistent with that of an astro(meteor).

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on possible sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Nov 23 1966
2. Time of day: 10:25 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Middletown, Pa.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 to 10 minutes
5.1 Was object stationary or moving? Moving 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT: c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at it? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Can't remember

OCR output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on possible sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Nov 23 1966
2. Time of day: 10:25 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Middletown, Pa.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 to 10 minutes
5.1 Was object stationary or moving? Moving 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT: c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at it? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Can't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions and options for responses related to the sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

TRANSCRIBED TEXT FROM THE IMAGE:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many, many stars
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight  
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain 
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter 
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compared brightness to some common object: 1/3 TIMES AS BRIGHT AS A STAR.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Make any noise? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this page from the old UFO report document. The page consists entirely of text, which I will now proceed to extract and output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared upward in a flash for a split second

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
If it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
If you answer:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: Bright White Object
b. Color: Bright White Light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object (like the moon) that you observed. If you had performed this, how many times would the object have been covered by the match head?
The Match Stick covered the Object completely

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the following things: the size, shape, color, and specifically indicate trail.
(There is a hand-drawn sketch of a bright white object with a trail)

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1,600 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. On an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a 
b. In the residential section of a
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Inside a building?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you saw.
The object was round, metallic, and had an intense orange light emanating from the outside edges. The light did not change in color or intensity. The object hovered motionless for about 5 minutes, then accelerated to a very high speed and disappeared from sight without a sound.

- page 5 -

The image contains a diagram with a sketch and instructions related to reporting UFO sightings. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the compass rose to indicate the direction in which the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

N. 1 2 d

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: First Name Last Name Middle Initial 
ADDRESS: Street ADDRESS, CITY, ZIP
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
AGE: 52 SEX: MALE
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might have a bearing on this report:
I HAVE BEEN INTERESTED IN SIGHTINGS OF FLYING OBJECTS FOR MANY YEARS. HAVE SOME KNOWLEDGE OF THEM.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Date: 11/6/66 Month: 11 Year: 1966
STATION INFORMATION

- page 7 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The image shows a blank space where a response to the question "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting" would have been filled out.

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: NOV 2 *
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

