The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10573 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 March 66 0630Z
2. LOCATION
Ottawa, Ohio
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
Varied
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No
10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE

- page 1 -

This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten questionnaire or report from the Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

Text extracted from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 April 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a continuation of your sighting. In my opinion, a report on this sighting should have been made to someone in higher authority. The manner in which this sighting developed and was handled is certainly questionable. From the time the object was first observed, until the time it disappeared, the witness was in a constant state of fear and apprehension. I feel the witness should have been interviewed immediately following the sighting and not several months later as was the case. The witness is a mature, responsible individual and does not appear to be the type who would fabricate a story of this nature. I am quite concerned about the lack of immediate investigation and follow-up on this case. S. S. On many occasions I have conducted investigations and made recommendations where I felt the standard methods of investigation and handling were inadequate. I believe the circumstances surrounding this sighting indicate the need for a more thorough and immediate follow-up. Thank you.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. It was over our house and moved a little way, the object disappearing, my mother than noticed the object again.
15. Yes.
16. Yes.
17. a. Sound Luminous Cigar Shaped 
b. Color Luminous with red, green, yellow and white Colors.
18. The apparent size of the object is estimated by 7/8 the size of a match head at arms length.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report.

March 29, 1966

Dear Sir:
Tonight my family and I saw an object in the air. It was a very bright object and it had a pulsating red color to it. The light was so bright that it hurt our eyes. It also had a smaller light following it which was also very bright. When it took off the red and color turned to a greenish-blue color. It shot up at a very fast rate and then my family and I got a better look at it.

It was an odd shaped thing, I can't describe what it was. But he said it hummed. I informed you wrote this letter to you so you would not do anything about it. It's just that I don't know what I saw. When it took off, I thought I saw a child like figure. But I have never seen anything like this before. It's really hard to explain what I saw. It was almost like a flying soccer ball. This object did not make any noise. Only the humming sound it made as it left. I hope this information doesn't go any further. You'll never tell me anything different. I'm not doing this to have anything to do with what I have told you. Please if you answer my letter don't use my name.

Sincerely yours
[Redacted]

Please take this serious you might as well face it, I'm not the only one who has seen this.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or envelope from the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio, addressed to the U.S.O.I.S (U.S. Air Force Office of Information Services) for investigating a case.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Air Force Headquarters for investigating
U.F.O.'s
DAYTON, OHIO

[Redacted text]

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE -TIME GROUP 30 March 66 31/0130Z
3. SOURCE Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 8-10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
8. PHOTOS 0 Yes X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0 Yes X No
2. LOCATION Ottawa, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION Unidentified
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a oblong shaped object with colored lights travel toward the north. The object started up slow, but increased its speed very rapidly. The object was about the size of a house - the object took off when a back fire occurred.
The description is not consistent with that of conventional (conventional aircraft). It is possible that some type of aircraft was observed, but the information submitted such a conclusion is not supported.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have pleases. The information that you be used for research purposes and will not be used for any other publications or in connection with any other government agency. We would appreciate it if you would this personal information as it will help us obtai that information for further detailed investigations.

1. When did you see the object? 30 March 1966
2. Time of day: 3:30 A.M. (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? At home - Ottawa, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5-10 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? The object stayed the whole time
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT: b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): d. To your left

FID FORM OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, only text from a document. I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and extract all the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Brighter than bright enough to companion

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No, never seen anything like this before.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Mason Bowers of Ottawa, Ohio, the rest of my family were with me but I do not know their exact names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted], [Redacted] FIRST NAME LAST NAME
ADDRESS [Redacted] Ottawa, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 25 SEX Female
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which you believe might be pertinent to this report. I have never seen anything like this object before, and have not had any other unusual experiences.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? To Putnam County Sheriff, 30 March 1966.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document. It appears to be a questionnaire or survey form related to a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No I can't explain it

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No It was a very long way off

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other unknown room

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
c. In open countryside
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country
g. Other on farm

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North e. South i. West
b. Northeast f. Southwest j. N.
c. East g. 
d. Southeast h. N.

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other light ray normal

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.
It was a small round disked object, very bright, silver in color, and high in the sky. It did not move, and I could see no detail, just a very bright, small round light. It was only there for a few seconds before it disappeared.

- page 10 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page includes instructions for the observer to sketch and draw pictures based on their observations of an unidentified object in the sky. The instructions provide specific guidance on where to place markers on a diagram to indicate the object's position and motion.

OCR Text Output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the compass where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 11 -

