The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a Project 10073 Record document from Project Blue Book, which describes an observation of two lights that occurred on March 22, 1966 in Richmond, Maine.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP 	22 Mar 66 Night
2. LOCATION 	Richmond, Maine 
3. SOURCE 	Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 	TWO
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 	Not reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 	Ground-visual
7. COURSE 	See summary
8. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS 	Observer reported seeing two lights which appeared to his left then disappeared and reappeared again on his left. Continued in this manner several times, on a definite periodic interval. One light was anchored and the other light moved relative to it. Observer states that since the lights had appeared several times before he realized that they were actually ships rather than aircraft, he got the idea that the observer was actually poking fun at other people who had seen these lights in the area rather than making a report.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 	NONE
10. CONCLUSION 	Other (Search Lights)
11. PHOTOS 	No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographic elements. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report.

US Air Corps
Div. of Flying Saucers

Gentlemen:
On Wednesday evening, March 23, 1966, my daughter and I observed what I believe to be a flying saucer in the Richmond, Maine area. I had first called Air Force Command of the Augusta area, and Lt. Simonds came out to take a personal observation. I had a very good opportunity to observe the object, and it was most definately shaped like the typical concept of a flying saucer. It was fairly low to the ground, about 200 to 300 yards away, and crossed towards the northeast, the direction of Gardiner, Maine. The object appeared to be about 40 to 50 feet in diameter, was disc-shaped, had a number of definite large lights around the circumference as well as a central brilliant light of great intensity in the center. The object crossed our line of vision at a rapid pace, without any sound, and disappeared from sight. The movement and configuration of the lights gave the impression of a rotating motion or action. Many other people in this area have also observed similar lights and objects in this area during the past year. I am quite certain that what we observed was a genuine unidentified flying object, and I am writing to your office to report this observation. Please let me know if you would like any additional details.
Yours Truly,
[Redacted]

- page 2 -

