The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form from Project 10073 Record, which provides details about an unidentified aircraft sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 24 JULY 66 2400/4,52
2. LOCATION: Medway, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION: Probable (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers stated that at all time's, followed by two small dots. Object was like a 22 foot circular aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as accurately as you can. The information that you give will be used for scientific purposes only, and will be confidential. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2-4 July 1966
2. Time of day: (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MEDWAY, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? b. Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? b. Hazy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): d. To your left

FTD OCT 64 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force project to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. More 
c. Less
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Raining or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Sharply outlined b. Fuzzy or blurred c. Other

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away or any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off sparks?
e. Change brightness? 
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The page contains a series of questions and responses related to the observation of an unidentified object.

Now I will transcribe the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? yes

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color bright and steady

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, fuselage, etc., and especially show the direction the object was going to show the direction of flight.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) 
YES     NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
YES     NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (type)_____
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other_____

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country side?
d. Never on surface?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other_____

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES     NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes     No
b. Sun glasses     Yes     No  
c. Windshield     Yes     No
d. Window glass   Yes     No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Not a round ball of light, but something solid & heavy in appearance, as if it could be almost solid steel or heavy metal. It hung motionless in the sky, a dull silvery or gray color, not shiny. No openings, windows, or signs of life about it. Simply a solid, heavy looking, silent gray object.

- page 5 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this page, only illustrations and text. 

The text on the page reads:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where you first saw the object, and place a "C" on the compass rose where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which is a form with questions to be filled out by the witness.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
[This field is left blank]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[This field is left blank]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 77 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[This field is left blank]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted], 19 Mar 60

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a document or form with a blank space for written information.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2-8-66
Year  Month  Day

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

