The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Project 10073 Record
25 March 66 26/030402
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
SE
8. PHOTOS
 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
 No
10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noticed brilliant orange object in SE which disappeared and reappeared several times. A contrail was noted but it was not comparable with that of aircraft landing lights.
Observers believe phenomena arose from the effects of an aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO SIGHTING, 25 MARCH 1966
HQ USAF SAPOCC (Mrs. Hunt)
Reference the attached letter from Edmund V. Sawyer regarding an observation which he made on 25 March 1966. The following is a suggested reply:
Dear Mr. Sawyer:
Thank you for your most gracious letter of 3 April 1966. The description which you gave is excellent. Unfortunately, the average observer is a poor observer; this has been confirmed time and again. However, your keen sense of detail, which makes our job much easier in identifying the stimulus which caused such sightings.
From the information you supplied, an aircraft appears to be responsible for your observation. The orange color probably was a reflector glow surrounding a reflector off the aircraft. The horizontal stripes were formed by the aircraft's contrail and the vertical glow reaches to a height of 15 - 20 degrees. This could account for the brilliant orange color.
We appreciate your interest in Project Blue Book and for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T. JONES, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems
Lt, E. Sawyer, 3 Apr 66
COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: TDEWY/UFO MARIO QUINIANIILLA, JR.
TYPED: 24-66

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document that describes a UFO sighting report.

The text in the document is as follows:

SIGHTING REPORT

At 7:40 PM, March 25, 1966, I was driving my family south on California Highway No. 1 from San Simeon toward Cambria, where the road is near the ocean. Approximately south-east, we were at a point about 1 mile north of the position where Santa Rosa Creek empties into the ocean.

I noticed a brilliant orange light ahead and above the car, seemingly at a considerable distance. It maneuvered to my son Eddie, and then it disappeared and after about ten seconds re-appeared. I drove the car to the side of the road and got out looking. This interval between one to two minutes as we discussed it, then went out again. It came on again and after another period of one to two minutes, went out for the last time.

We then noticed a contrail, unusually bright for the light of the thin crescent moon, and seemingly pure white as though the light of the crescent set sun was not diminishing. The contrail had a large "head" at the point where the light had been last seen, and this had the appearance of a large mushroom head. We searched the area with a flashlight and aimed it at the contrail but the light remained fixed. We estimated the attitude and azimuth, direction and length of the contrail with time allowances. We then returned to Cambria Pines Inn.

The light did not abruptly turn off or on, but took about one half to one second to diminish and re-appear. It did not seem to radiate in the same manner as the regular lights observed throughout the observations. The brightness can be compared with that of aircraft landing lights at Lindbergh Field, and was perhaps twice the brightness of the light of a plane in the vicinity of this field when directly overhead.

The sky was brilliantly clear with stars of fifth magnitude easily visible. Checking with Polaris: the thread of the contrail was estimated to be of 450 Altitude and 880 Azimuth, plus/minus 50. The contrail head northwest-southeast. It was pointing at a star cluster in the sky, which as near as we can determine had been there all along.

It had been fully dark, only 20-25 minutes, but the sun was still below the horizon, the contrail did not disappear appreciably during the time we observed it; about ten minutes. No sound was heard at any time.

My opinion is that these phenomena arose from the action of an aircraft lightning discharge activity, common and familiar phenomenon, electrical in nature. The sudden condensation conditions in a narrow area and growing membrance turned on the glowing trails growing out of a bursting or condensation, or perhaps sudden unfolding. I cannot explain the brilliant orange color.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

The text in the document says:

United States Air Force
Unidentified Flying Objects Section
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

The enclosed report is probably easily explained by jet aircraft activity.

Some unusual aspects of the phenomenon may make the report worth your reading.

Yours truly,

EVS:dk
Inc.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated July 2, 1956 from George J. Freeman, Jr., Lt. Colonel, USAF, Chief, Civil Branch, Community Relations Division, Office of Information, responding to an observation report.

The full text of the document is as follows:

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Thank you for your recent letter regarding your observation on March 22, 1956. Observations such as yours make our job much easier in identifying the stimulus which causes such phenomena.

From the information you supplied, an aircraft appears to be responsible for your observation. The change in color probably was a result of the twilight glow causing a reflection off the aircraft. The initial sighting of the aircraft as it 45 to 60 minutes after sunset, the twilight stripes become orange, yellow, and green in that order. This could account for the brilliant orange color.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE J. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 5 -

