The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record. There is no photograph visible in this image.

Transcribing the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE TIME GROUP
: 0315 13
2. LOCATION
: Stone Harbor, New Jersey
10. CONCLUSION
: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
: 15 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
: Ground Visual
8. PHOTOS
: 0 Yes
: 30 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
: 0 Yes
: X No
FORM 
FTD SEP 49 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this particular page, but the text describes the object as looking "like 3 triangles placed in the sky" and that it was "slightly rounded edges" and "was sharply outlined".

Performing OCR on the text:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No  
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In the air
c. Outdoors (on beach)
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Near water?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? No
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No
e. Binoculars  Yes  No
f. Telescope  Yes  No
g. Theodolite  Yes  No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.
It look like 3 triangles placed in the sky, with slightly rounded edges, it was sharply outlined.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. The page has a filled out questionnaire with various questions and answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes
am not positive but I think it went behind a cloud

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No (Don't Know)   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No (Don't Know)   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound There was no sound
b. Color at a distance it was pale pink - but up me it was amber

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note: How much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
a distance I couldn't cover it definitely over us it was the size of the drawing below

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially attach trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Amber colored lights
- It was dark around the rest
Actual Size Cover Head

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No, I lef have never seen any thing like it.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: 
Sorry but I cant give you his address. I dont know it

22. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME *redacted* 
ADDRESS Street Stone Harbor New Jersey
TELEPHONE NUMBER *redacted*
AGE 17 SEX male

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Gentlemen I don't give the event date. The only thing I reported to was Project Blue Book.
You have my letter in your files I assume.

- page 4 -

The image contains a sketch depicting an object or objects in the sky. The sketch includes a compass rose and instructions for the observer to draw the motion of the object(s) and their arrangement. There does not appear to be any photographic image in this document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The page appears to be a questionnaire or form with text fields for the respondent to fill out.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 Day, 08 Month, 1966 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a descriptive explanation of your sighting:

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

SAF-OICC/W-2/Turnare/bb/7967/18 Aug 67
AUG 18 1967

Your letter, 11 Aug 1967 concerning an unidentified flying object (UFO) observed at about 1950 hours on 18 Aug 67 near Stone Harbor, New Jersey refers. This office is responsible for investigating the sighting of unidentified flying objects. In order to assist in this investigation, it is requested that you complete and return the enclosed form. While unable to identify positively the stimuli, the information you provide will be added to the permanent data base. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MAJOR R. E. LONG
M. CHIEF, UFO ANALYSIS GROUP
DIRECTORATE OF INFORMATION
OFFICE OF INFORMATION SERVICES

The text also contains a table labeled "COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)" with the name "J Turnare" filled in.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter addressed to the Project Blue Book Information Office in Safol, Washington D.C.

Text extracted from the document:

Stone Harbor, New Jersey
Jan. 24, 1967

Project Blue Book Information Office
Safol - Washington D.C. 20330

Gentlemen:
I am writing you a letter to you that my friend and I saw a UFO. We have been hesitating to write to you for fear we will be ridiculed because I am ridiculed all day by my classmates. They think I am crazy believing in UFOs. I have read four flying saucer paperbacks. They are as follows: Anderson's Observation, The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects, Flying Saucers, and The Starting Evidence of the Invasion from Outer Space, and Flying Saucers Serious 13.

I think that The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects was the most interesting. I believe the UFO almost certainly exist. I hope they will find the answer in this decade, and I hope the answer is that there are space crafts from other world beside ours.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:  TDDT/UFO                                                                                          15 February 1967

SUBJECT:  UFO Observation, 1 Oct 66

Mr. [Redacted]
Stone Harbor, N.J. 08247

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANN, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten report or document.

The Details of our investigation
Date - October 1, 1966
Time - 2:15 PM to about 7:30 PM, about dusk.
Direction travelling - Southwest then Northwest then South toward us.
Angle to Horizon - about a 45° angle.
Approximate Height - about 200 ft.
Color - It was a pale pink in the distance and as it new over us it had a pale amber lights.
The lights did not blink.
Sound - There was no sound.
Size - It was about 200 ft in diameter and about the size of a jet height in the sky.
Brightness - In the distance it was the size of a Sirius and brighter were about the size of Sirius and dimmer.
Weather Conditions - it was a cool clear night with a few large clouds.
Location - 95th St. on the beach and 96th St on the beach in Stone Harbor, New Jersey.
Duration - It all lasted about 15 minutes then it disappeared.
Comments:
Clarify: I had just finished playing a game of soccer.
The object swayed back and forth slightly.
The lights were in the shape of a triangle.

P.S. Please write and tell me your conclusions.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter on lined paper.

Text from the document:

Thank you very much for greatly - needed information.

Sincerely yours,
Your friend

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcribed from the document:

FID(IDE-UFO)
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, Ohio 45433

Gentlemen:

I am very sorry that I haven't sent you this form sooner, but I couldn't find it after I filled it out. Would you please send me the results. I would like to know what opinion on what you think it is. I surely don't know.

Do you have any information on UFOs that I might have? Also would you be so kind as to send me some information on becoming a member of your great organization, Project Blue Book. I have read many magazines, pamphlets, and books on UFOs. I have my own classification on these things. Some are hoaxes, some is mistaken identity, and some as yet unexplained. I have studied them for 10 years and I thought I would not be one myself.

(COVER)

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an old handwritten document. The document appears to be a letter or note, with the text "Thank you very much for greatly - needed information. Sincerely yours, Your friend" written on it. There is also a blacked-out or redacted section in the middle of the document.

Here is the text from the document:

Thank you very much for greatly - needed information.

Sincerely yours,
Your friend

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text found in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will not be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Oct 1966
2. Time of day: 7:15 minutes A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Stone Harbor New Jersey
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy NIGHT: c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To the left of you d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 14 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions about an observed object and the weather conditions at the time.

OCRED TEXT:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Translucent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter (over twice as bright)
b. Dimmer
c. About the same (or a distance)
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: 
About as bright as the star Sirius (brightest in the night sky)

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle one) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change direction at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know 
f. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
g. Flash on and off? YES NO Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 15 -

