The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
21 July 66 21/1500Z Port Harrison, Canada
3. SOURCE 10. CONCLUSION
Civilian Balloon
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Observer noted a balloon shaped object with what appeared
2 hours to be a small object attached to it with a small object
connected to the other. The object was moving toward the
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION northwest at approximately 200,000 feet.
Ground Visual The description is consistent with that of a balloon
7. COURSE observation, although attempt to locate such a balloon
was fruitless the description is very consistent with
8. EN PHOTOS such an observation.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
N Yes
N No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

TDSTS/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR/70916/mns
Unidentified Observation, 21 July 1966

U.S. Department of Commerce
Environmental Science Services Administration
Attn: MR. QUINTANILLA

Reference your letter W1321, dated 26 August 1966, regarding an observation by the Canadian Meteorological Service. We have con-
sidered with appreciation the details provided by the Canadian Service, but have been unable to locate the specific balloon which caused the sighting.

Contact was made with the National Center for Atmospheric Research
for any information on a balloon launch on 21 July 1966. No evidence could be found that any balloon was launched that could be re-
lated to this observation. Contact was also made with other departments that launch balloons, and in all instances we met with negative re-
sults.

Since no national threat is indicated and no scientific benefit can be gained we feel justified in closing our file on this observation. However, computer time to retrieve this data would not be justified.

WARREN G. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:
TDSTS/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR    DATE: 23 Sept 66
1st Lt. GEORGE C. ZELLE        DATE: 23 Sept 66

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official letter from the U.S. Department of Commerce Environmental Science Services Administration. The letter is addressed to Major Quintanella of the Foreign Technology Division at Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio.

The text of the letter is as follows:

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
SILVER SPRING, MD. 20910

August 26, 1966

IN REPLY REFER TO: W1321

Major Quintanella
Foreign Technology Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

Your office was suggested as possibly being able to identify or assist in the identification of the object of the enclosed letter recently received from the Director of the Canadian Meteorological Services.

From the description it would appear that the object was some type of balloon. However, we do not recognize any of any balloons of this type being released in the Northern Hemisphere at this time.

Port Harrison is located due west of Churchill across the Hudson Bay where regular radiosonde balloons are released. These balloons expand to a much larger size at 20,000 feet than is noted in the description and probably would not be mistaken for an unidentified object.

We appreciate any assistance that can be given.

Sincerely,

Special Assistant (SCAR)
Overseas Operations Division

Attach:
cpy ltr dtd 8/9/66

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORT
OTTAWA
REPORTS OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
August 24, 1966

United States Weather Bureau, 
Washington, D.C. 20235

Gentlemen:

We have a report from our C.T.C. of the Upper Air Station,
Fort Harrison, P.O. as follows:

"On July 22nd, 1966 an unknown object was sighted in the vicinity of Port Harrison Airport. A description of the object is as follows:

(1) Balloon shaped.
(2) Dome-shaped, was blue in colour, the rest was white.
(3) Appeared to be cords hanging down from it with a small object.
(4) Object could be seen to move and 7 feet high.
(5) Object was seen for about 15 minutes at approximately 3 miles per hour at 16,000 feet, July 21/66.
(6) Sighting location 7.5 30' Longitude, 58 15' Latitude.

It would be appreciated if you would provide us with some information concerning this object. What its purpose was and whether it has been identified or classified for us."

We are passing this report to you for your information and comment as to "have no further action to be taken on this report at this time."

Yours truly,
Director

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with text describing a conversation about weather balloons being launched from Walops Island and not reaching Canada, as well as information about negative results from a balloon control center in Colorado.

Conversation with Wallops Island revealed that they have only been launching weather balloons lately and they would not reach Canada. However, if they do find anything they will call us. Observize they are negative.

Conversation with ORR revealed that they launched three balloons on 16 Jul 66 however, they went down within 24 hours. No other launches would account for observations. He had been up in Canada at this time and had heard of nothing unusual up there. He said it would be unlikely that any of their balloons would be responsible for they normally don't get across the Hudson Bay before going westward. Also said the three were numerous radiosondes launches in Canada that launch daily and that our weather man should be/being made aware of this matter.

NCAR, Boulder, Colorado reported negative results. Dr. Morris said that he did not know of any balloons to account for the observations.

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document, likely a report or memo from Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Lt. Marley,

I have reviewed this sighting and it seems to fit the description of a balloon launched from Ft. Churchill. However, other stations within a 300 nautical mile radius of the sighting launch radiosondes balloons which tend to fit this description as outlined here by Mr. Robie.

The only way I know to confirm or at least try to confirm the track of these balloons is to request the weather data for the specific launch sites. If you feel that this extra effort is desirable then I will initiate the necessary action acquire the data.

Sometimes weather balloons will develop a leak, as a result they never reach high altitude or their normal size. This could be the case in this instance.

However, since obviously no national threat is indicated and no scientific benefit can be gained, I suggest that the expenditure of the extra manhours and computer time to retrieve this data would not be justified.

(s) Maj Smith

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a handwritten document. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

My meeting at Steinhurst, Alaska included the following detailed information :

This incident took place over Port Harrison, Canada, about 1:00 to 1:30 AM on July 8, 1966. The witness, an RCAF airman, observed a large metallic saucer-shaped object with bright light along its outside rim and a bright blue light in the center. The object was silent, and estimated to be about 300 feet in diameter. It hovered for several minutes, then accelerated in a "blink of an eye" to the east at a tremendous speed. The airman reported the incident to his commanding officer immediately. Other airmen on the base also observed the object at the same time.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

I will now act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

"I beg to state that the examination of the UFO that I saw on the evening of 19 August 1966 was very brief as I intended to investigate the matter further with my Smith."

- page 8 -

