There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will transcribe the text from the document:

PROJECT 1003'S RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5 Aug 66 2/0255Z
2. SOURCE: Civilian
3. LOCATION: Washington, D.C.
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes total
7. COURSE: East then SW
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
9. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer watched one object appear in the north and then disappear in the same color. When it re-appeared it was moving very rapidly and giving off illumination. The first object was seen in the north for about 2 seconds, while the second item was seen for about 4 seconds. When high in the sky and red and yellow when it disappeared. Observer believed the action occurred when the first object disappeared the observer began to look about and suddenly believed he saw the second object and naturally believed the first one passed behind a cloud, there is nothing to substantiate this, the first duration was a mere 2 seconds and the object was to have moved toward the north, there is nothing to indicate it moved behind a cloud.
TD 5-6-7-0 (TDE) Previous Previous

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Dearborn Observatory of Northwestern University dated September 7, 1966, addressed to Major Hector Quintanilla of the Aerial Phenomena Division at Wright-Patterson AFB in Ohio. The letter mentions that Major Quintanilla is enclosing a report of his sighting on August 1, 1966, near Washington, D.C.

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
7 September 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla
USAF (Current)
Aerial Phenomena Division 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Enclosed is the report of his sighting on August 1, 1966, near Washington D.C.

Sincerely yours,

[Redacted]

- page 2 -

The image contains a black and white photograph of a document. There does not appear to be any additional photograph within the document itself.

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138
September 29, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
215 (TDRE)
Aeronautical Chart and Information Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Major Quintanilla:

I thought you might be interested in the enclosed letter. I wonder if you could send me a copy of the photograph I believe of the Michigan sightings, showing both the moon and Venus. I think it appears in Luce Magazine.

Thank you for your reports on the --- incident. I think that the sightings were of some heavy body, star, planet or satellite. The report by --- is not in the same category with the others. Here is some information about observations made from an automobile, especially a moving automobile. He was not suffering from hallucinations or motioness looking at the object. He was near the object.

He was driving north and the object appeared north-northwest. We saw this as the object did not show through the windshield or the window glass. How, then, was he able to see it at all? I think your observations as Detective. In that it does not ask which seat the observer was sitting in at the time. How does one ask whether additional copies were made to the estimate. What kind of a car was it? Was it a sports car with the top down? Does one close-space really don't know how he could have seen it. How would he have seen it? What kind of a car was it? Was it a sports car with the top down? Does one close-space light condition that he seems to have assured that the object was slowly could he have seen it, if he was observing the scene from the ----- driving position. This is my interpretation that the object should have been determined from the report.

P were the same. In all probability they were different. When the first object disappeared, the bright looking around and finally saw this object.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Major Quintanilla
September 29, 1966
- 2 -
Over the house, behind him. Remember he was supposedly driving the car; so how could he have seen the object so easily, if he did not stop? The questionnaire should have determined whether he stopped to observe the object. The fact that he saw something that is not identified, does not mean we have established the possibility that the object he saw behind the house, was nothing more than an ordinary object, even though it may have been a strange luminous object in the sky at the time for a plane to be there. However, if he was driving alone at the time that this third entity was sighted, he must have covered five miles in ten minutes, in order to be on your questionnaire. Here, again, the object might have been a cloud. I suggest that it might have been a searchlight on a cloud. He has reported scattered clouds. Even though he is a "scientist" of a sort, he might have misinterpreted the futureshipped beam of a
searchlight.
I suggest that some of the red lights he saw may have been stars. How do people recognise his statements of things of view, "four seconds" and "two seconds" with the ten minutes of observation period. If this was the object at 8:22 (was the object in motion. He saw a rapidly moving object at A which he saw for eight
seconds). The speed now must be considered which was standing still over the house. The conclusion that these two objects were the same when in my opinion they were entirely different. He may have the object at 8:23 which is sixty seconds later. In what direction was Andrews Air Force Base from the object in question? Where were the glasses? Was he wearing them at the time. Does Mrs. - wear glasses? Was he wearing them at the time and does that make a reflection from certain things you can get a reflection from his. His description of the original motion was "very fast". He seems to have adequate sighting the consistent with his diagram, which shows the motion for four or six minutes. There is nothing to the contrary, but a bright object. I am certain that what he saw at B was in all probability not what he saw at A.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

Major Quintanilla
September 29, 1966

I conclude he saw something moving rapidly in front of him high in the sky. He then "lost the object for a few minutes". Here the word "lost" probably means "lost sight of," minutes."

I am not particularly impressed with Mr. _______ or his observation abilities. I must say that I am of the opinion that a considerable amount of technical jargon was used that a lot of additional questions should have been asked. This is part of why I refuse with these investigations to follow the phrase "gone a moment mechanicl action occurred when first arrived" mean?

As you have probably inferred, I am sitting here dictating, studying the report before me to do so.

My chief conclusion is that objects A and B were entirely different. There was a sholongish shifting to connect B with A. The motion toward the south was just imagination. The speed of motion toward the south was approximately zero or star. The object seen above the house was probably a cloud, a slowly moving natural phenomena, not near the house or anything else. The motion of B away from A was as near as possible an illusion, since if the car was invisible, the car was moving north an undetermined number of times the distance of the house over which he passed. Did he see the object as it passed by the house, which he passed? Do not question that as his statement about the motion toward the south based on his assumption that object B was the same as object A I must assume is in error while. He must have thought that the object was still further to the north, if it had moved with to meet the car.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, with text written on it.

Major Quintanilla
September 29, 1966
My final conclusion is that your questionnaire definitely needs revision. And if I can be of any assistance to you in such a revision, please do not hesitate to ask. I will be glad to assist you nothing.
Again, many thanks for your help.
Cordially yours,
Donald H. Menzel
DHMEJB:
cc: Allen Hynek
Mrs. [redacted]

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, specifically a letter from the Chief of Project Blue Book to Dr. Donald H. Menzel, dated September 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

PID (TICPTR)
US AIR FORCE-PERSO" APP, Ohio 45433
12 September 1966

Dr. Donald H. Menzel 
Harvard College Observatory
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138

Dear Dr. Menzel,

Reference your letter of 31 August 1966 requesting information on observations made by Dr. Hynek on 1 August 1966. We have a copy of Dr. Hynek's report and a copy is attached.

I am also enclosing the other reports which may have a bearing on the date from the Maryland area. Would it be possible to have your opinion on these sightings? I hope these are the materials you were referring to.

Sincerely,

J. Allen Hynek, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 7 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object you have observed. Please answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. If your name will not be used in connection with any information you provide, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
AUGUST 19, 1966

2. Time of day: 10:33 PM
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, MT. RAINIER, NEAR WASHINGTON, D.C.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
10 MINUTES
Seconds

5.1 How was the sight determined?
a. Fairly certain
b. Estimate
c. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? 
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY - b. NIGHT
c. Clear d. Bright c. Cloudy b. Hazy a. Raining

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a form filled out by a witness.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Varied

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Change brightness?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change in shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a drawing of an unidentified object, with detailed descriptions and observations provided by the observer. The report form includes questions about the object's movement, appearance, and other characteristics.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object moved upward and then straight and disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
It moved in front of a very hazy cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No unusual sound was heard.
b. Color - The color of the object was a very bright light.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note: how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
450 - 600

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The drawing shows an oblong, boomerang-shaped object with a trail or "plume" behind it, and the observer has noted details about its appearance and movement.

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
very fast, it moved up and then straight and disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
it moved in front of a very hazy cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - no unusual sound was heard
b. Color - very bright light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note: how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
450 - 600

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3,000 - 4,000 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200-300 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In a rural area?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you going? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 10 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Binoculars Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Telescope Yes No, f. Theodolite Yes No, g. Other ________

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

It was a glowing orange or reddish object with a long tail. It appeared to have lights on the front and sides and was much larger than a satellite. It moved rapidly and silently across the sky, gaining altitude, then disappeared over the horizon. It was amazing! 

OCR Output:
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3,000 - 4,000 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200-300 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In a rural area? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you going? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 10 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Telescope Yes No f. Theodolite Yes No g. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
It was a glowing orange or reddish object with a long tail. It appeared to have lights on the front and sides and was much larger than a satellite. It moved rapidly and silently across the sky, gaining altitude, then disappeared over the horizon. It was amazing!

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing form-style questions and text fields for the witness to fill out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. YES

31.1 Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME *****
ADDRESS **************** ************* VA ****** ***

TELEPHONE NUMBER *********
AGE 41 SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. I am a photography buff and have occasionally seen various types of celestially illuminated cirrocumulus formations which could be mistaken for UAOs by the uninitiated. I am thoroughly familiar with the appearance of most astronomical, meteorological, and aeronautical phenomena and strongly inclined to apply logical rational explanations to such occurrences. I have observed several "fast moving lights" in the night sky which were eventually identified as satellites or aircraft; however, the object I observed on this occasion did not conform to the characteristics of any known astronomical or aeronautical vehicle.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
MARCH 19, 1966

- page 12 -

The image contains a compass-like diagram and instructions related to reporting UFO sightings, but there is no photograph present in this particular page.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curve to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place on "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" the beginning of the path, or "B" is the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The image contains a handwritten document that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 AUG 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire:
(1) 7:48 a.m. Aug. 8, 1966: 4 bright circular yellowish objects, about 30 to 60 feet in diameter, moved silently in a north to south direction at about 2000 ft. altitude.  No vapor trails, no noise audible, very little maneuvering.  They gave the appearance of being under intelligent control.  The objects were in sight about 45 seconds.  At approximately 8:05 a.m., 2 similar objects passed overhead, traveling from east to west at an estimated altitude of 40,000 ft.  The objects appeared to be fluttering and glittering as they moved.  The objects did not have the appearance of any known aircraft.
(2) I also observed the body.  It was a small object, perhaps 3-4 feet in diameter, which appeared to be drifting down very slowly at an angle of about 45 degrees.  It was a greyish-white color and did not appear to have any external features.  It descended behind some trees and was not seen again.
(3) For over a mile as I drove along the highway, the objects remained in sight at all times, and were often seen in the right front side of the windshield.
(4) I was asked secretly by the base commander over which I was very much exercised. 

- page 14 -

