The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 12/6/60
2. LOCATION: [ILLEGIBLE]
3. SOURCE: [ILLEGIBLE]
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: TWO
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
7. COURSE: NONE
8. PHOTOS: NONE
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE
10. CONCLUSION: Casewas investigated but no further information could be obtained.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Casewas investigated but no further information could be obtained.

- page 1 -

The image contains a diagram depicting the position and movement of an object or objects in the sky. There is a compass rose in the bottom right corner of the image. The text in the image appears to be instructions or questions related to analyzing and describing the object(s) depicted in the diagram.

Text from the document:

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were going.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a report or document, likely part of Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

The text in the document says:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE [REDACTED] SEX [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which [ILLEGIBLE]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day [REDACTED] Month [REDACTED] Year [REDACTED]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing written text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 4 66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire, as a narrative explanation of your sighting. 

On the evening of February 12 at about 6:34 I walked out of my home to deliver a telegram to a neighbor. As I stepped outside on to the porch I looked up at the sky. There was an unusually bright warm glow in the east. This was very unusual about the time they had full moon. About two minutes later I started to go on into the garage, but something caught my eye to the southwest. There was a long luminous object traveling from west to east at a very high speed. It passed by in less than 10 seconds and it moved without a sound. I first viewed it at about 25° to the east-southeast. It was traveling at a tremendous pace going in an east to west direction from where I stood. It was just as steady as the sun slipped beyond the western horizon. The sky that night was crystal clear, and I was amazed as I watched this moving object. There was no sound made as it moved along the western horizon.

This object proceeded from east to west as it appeared to me. As it moved I noticed that it split into parts. I don't know if they were two different objects or if it just split up but they continued going east. They were luminous and did not appear to be burning. As I watched they became smaller and smaller until they disappeared into the mist. I'm sorry I cannot tell you any more details, but this is exactly what I saw that night. It was a very puzzling object, coming from the east and disappearing into the west. Coming from the east it was in sight for a very short time, probably less than a minute. When it broke up I decided to write it down and report it in case anyone else had seen the same thing. I have not had time to reply sooner. I hope the papers you sent me will give you a idea of the object I saw. One thing I would like to know is this: Are all satellites aimed toward the earth, and can they come out of the east and go to the west, southwest or can they come out of the east and go to the west, southwest or can the come out of the east and go to the west?

I hope this will give you a idea of the object I saw. One like to know is this: Are all satellites aimed toward the earth, and can they come out of the east and go to the west, southwest or can the come out of the east and go to the west?

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a letter from Major Victor Quintanilla, Jr., Chief of Project Blue Book, responding to an unidentified observation report submitted on February 12, 1966. The letter thanks the sender for reporting the observation, but states that the information provided was not sufficient for further investigation. The letter appears to be dated June 13, 1966 and is addressed to "Miss" from Duson, Louisiana 70529.

The text found in the document is as follows:

UFD (TDE), USAF-USSARAGA AFB, OHIO 45433
13 JUNE 1966

Duson, Louisiana 70529

Dear Miss,

Reference is your unidentified observation of 12 February 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for further investigation. Request you complete the attached UFD form 13A and return it in the envelope provided. 

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Project Blue Book.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document:

UFO (ITEM)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
13 June 1966

Dunon, Louisiana 70529
Dear Miss

Reference is your unidentified observation of 12 February.
The information in your letter was not sufficient for
action. Request you complete the attached PJJD Form 154.
return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
this office.

Sincerely,

(Signed)
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text transcription:

JOHN F. KENNEDY SPACE CENTER
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA 32899

March 16, 1966

PAO-2

Miss [REDACTED]
[REDACTED], Louisiana
70535

Dear Miss [REDACTED],

Thank you for your recent inquiry on information related to Unidentified Flying Objects. 

Neither the Kennedy Space Center nor any other agency of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration is responsible for scientific or technical aspects concerning UFOs. This is a mission of the U.S. Air Force. I suggest you direct your inquiry to:

Air Force Systems Command (AFSC)
Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland

Sincerely yours,

[SIGNATURE REDACTED]
Paul C. Donnelson, Chief
Education & Community Service

Commanding Officer
Andrews AFB
Maryland

Dear Sir:

Please do not push off us citizens who see these unusual objects in the sky as "spot-lights" seekers bent on publicity. This is the second time I've seen an object moving at tremendous speed to waste. Only this one was most unusual.

Since I revealed this reply from NASA, I spent some time in a hospital film delayed in returning it to you.

Sincerely yours,
[SIGNATURE REDACTED]

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a typed document, likely an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

March 8, 1966
Duson, Louisiana

Commander in Charge 
Space Program
Cape Kennedy, Florida

Dear Sir:

You can readily see by the addressee of this letter that I do not know to whom to write. And I have been floundering: these are unidentified objects and what-not looking at me, so it would be futile to write because this situation was threatened to the Assistant Director to write because this situation has gone several.

I'm a habitual star-gazer. I have over walked the field of a few acres looking for stars, but always away from the heavens with a dull routine and the like. But on the evening of February 12 at about 6:25 I saw - out of the corner of an eye - a brilliant warm orange-red star! I rubbed my eyes and observed it again. It was Venus, and much larger than I had ever seen it before. It was not twinkling at all, just a brilliant steady glow. It held its position until about 7:15 when it began to diminish in magnitude and color. By 7:30 it was darker than the incandescents, and col-lapsed to the horizon. The whole performance lasted about an hour.

But here is what astounds me. Shortly after this celestial display had ended a round, glowing object appeared in the southwest, first a dim light and then building up to a brilliant white light, and then diminishing again, all in a matter of five to ten minutes. It moved from one point to another, not in a straight line, but as if guided or controlled.

I do not know what this was, but I am certain that it was no normal celestial body or aircraft. I am a student of astronomy, and I have never seen anything like this before. I am hoping that you, or others associated with the space program, can throw some light on this phenomenon. I would appreciate any information or suggestions you might be able to offer.

Sincerely,

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document that contains handwritten text. The handwritten text says "Air force system command andrews air force base maryland 50f".

Air force system command
andrews air force base
maryland 50f

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a historical document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

The text on the image is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as complete as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide may be used for research purposes, but your name will not be used in connection with any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 Day 2 Month 56 Year
2. Time of day: 6: 6 Hour (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): b. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Dussex
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
a. Certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? A/3 ÷ 25 +
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): d. To your left
FTD GCT 64 164 This form supersedes FTD 144, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The page appears to contain a questionnaire or form with various questions about the sighting of a UFO, including questions about the appearance of the object, its behavior, and the weather conditions at the time of the sighting.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. A few
c. Less
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a solid object
c. Simply outlined
d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly appear and rush away? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash on and off? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a series of questions and blank spaces for the witness to fill out their responses.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes ( ) No ( ) Don't Know. IF you answered Y

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes ( ) No ( ) Don't Know. IF you answered Y

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment sightings, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [Illegible]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away from you say it was? [Illegible]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you:
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object or objects you observed.

- page 13 -

