This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 5 Feb 67 2355-2304Z
2. LOCATION: Yorktown-Walden, New York
3. EVALUATED: Aircraft with afterburner
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 seconds
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
6. WEATHER: 8/10 CLDIS
7. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: N/A
8. RADAR OPERATORS:  N/A
9. INVESTIGATOR: (BLANK)

II. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Two different observers watched an egg shaped fiery object pass overhead. Both observers stated that the object appeared to have exhaust or flame coming from the rear. The object was traveling at a high rate of speed and disappeared from both witnesses' sight.
An F-101 was traveling a low level pass over runway 27 at Stewart AFB at approximately 2300. The pilot lit his afterburner and turned tight right by witnesses. The flight path would have taken this aircraft over the approximate time and location of the reported sighting. It is the opinion of both observers that the object they saw was most likely the afterburner of this aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which describes the details of an observed object.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Egg Shaped
2. Size compared to a known object: Pea at arms length
3. Color: White and pink, fiery
4. Number: One (1)
5. Formation, if more than one: N/A
6. Any discernible features or details: None
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): Fiery Tail
8. Sound, if heard, describe sound: Thunderous noise
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: Both observers state object shook house as it passed over.

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): N/A
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: N/A
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: N/A

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, possibly related to a UFO sighting.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): flew over observers house.
5. How did the object(s) disappear: Out of sight
6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: 30 Seconds
C. Manner of Observation:
1. Naked Eye
2. Optical Aids: N/A
3. 
D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time--date group of sighting: 5 Feb 67, 2255Z, 2305Z
2. Light conditions: Night
E. Location of Observer(s): Yorktown, New York
    Walden, New York
F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. XXXXX XXXXX Civilian:
2. Name: Mr. XXXXX
3. Age: N/A
4. Mailing Address: XXXXX, Yorktown, New York
5. Occupation: N/A
6. Estimate of Reliability: N/A

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that describes weather and wind conditions at the time and place of a reported sighting.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: VFR
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office: N/A
3. Ceiling: VFR
4. Visibility: 
5. Amount of cloud cover: N/A
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: N/A
7. Vertical temperature gradient: N/A
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition:
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken:
None

- page 4 -

The shared image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, but there is no photograph present on this particular page. The text on the page describes the location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of an air traffic or balloon release, as well as the position, title, and comments of the preparing officer, Capt. Stephen Levine.

The text found in the document is as follows:

1. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
F-101 traffic pattern attitude, how pass with air observer's lit-

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Capt. Stephen Levine, Capt. Pilot/Navigator. At approximately 2300 I observed an F-101 making a low pass over runway 27. He lit his after burners and turned right out of traffic with his burners lit and at a low altitude until out of sight. This flight path would have taken him over the observed directions and at the approximate time of their sightings. Their descriptions match my observations perfectly.

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: 
None

- page 5 -

