There is no photograph present in the image shared. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: TIME GROUP: Varied
2. LOCATION: Plainfield, Indiana 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Unknown
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Unknown
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
The report was not received until Jan 68.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The observer was watching a baseball game when he noticed that he described as a "flying soccer over the clouds". The object quickly disappeared into the cloud.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

RE: TDSATOFF
Rec'd 7-7-67
As I was entering the edge of my front yard, I looked up and saw a very bright light in the sky, much brighter than the stars, rapidly moving and spinning. It came to a sudden, practically vertical stop, stopped for a moment, then zoomed straight up and was out of sight in a few seconds. I got a good look at it and I'm quite sure it was not an airplane, satellite, or any other normal aircraft. My wife saw it too. We were both puzzled and somewhat awed by the performance of this object in the sky.
Over the years I've heard of many similar sightings of UFOs in this area and am wondering what the explanation might be. I wonder if you could give me any information or advice as to how I might report this and any similar sightings in the future.
Sincerely,
[name redacted]
Plainfield, Indiana

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Dear sir:

The first time I wrote you I mentioned a couple of incidents which occurred at about 11:00 p.m. on Saturday, July 14, 1967. Since then, and as I type this letter, I have just had another unusual experience.

As I mentioned in my previous letter, my fiancee and I observed a strange object in the sky which we were unable to identify. At the time, we were driving along a country road near Plainfield, Indiana and the object appeared to be following us. It was a clear night and the object was easily visible. It appeared to be metallic and was approximately 50-75 feet in diameter. It emitted a pulsating light and made no sound that we could hear. After several minutes, it accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed and disappeared from sight.

This evening, while I was sitting in my home, I observed another strange object in the sky. This time, it was hovering over a wooded area near my home. It appeared to be circular in shape and was emitting a bright, pulsating light. I observed it for several minutes before it suddenly accelerated and disappeared from sight.

I am very concerned about these incidents and would appreciate any information or explanation you might be able to provide. I realize that my experiences may seem incredible, but I can assure you that they are completely true. I am a rational, levelheaded person and I have no desire to report anything that I cannot be certain of.

I hope you will be able to shed some light on this matter. I would be more than happy to provide any additional information or details that might be helpful.

Sincerely,
[Name redacted]

- page 3 -

