This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report related to Project Blue Book, a historical US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the image can be transcribed as follows:

PROJECT 10273 RECORD

1. DATE 12/6/67 20/02264
2. LOCATION: Between Cloudcroft and Artesia, New Mexico
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION 
The observer was sent a form 117 but failed to return it. The observer originally filed a report which was not sufficiently clear.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The observer was driving east on route 82 toward Artesia, New Mexico, when a low military aircraft passed over his car at about 45 degrees to the horizon. He noticed a large number like 45 dogs or cats on the side of the craft. As the craft continued in view, the observer came to the outskirts of Artesia.
6. PHOTOS: 
Q. Yes
7. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
Q. Yes

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed letter from the United States Air Force regarding a reported UFO sighting.

Dear Mr. ***,

This is a reply to your letter of January 4, 1963, in which you described your sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Without additional information, we cannot offer an explanation of your sighting. We have completed the attached questionnaire and will it in the enclosed envelope. Our technical people are it wright-Patterson Air Force Base will be able to investigate further and make an evaluation. It would also be helpful if you would send film you mentioned showing the image in clear.

Should you ever sight another UFO, please report it as soon as possible to the nearest Air Force Base. Each case has a UFO investigator, who is in a better position to make an on-the-spot investigation, which usually results in a more accurate analysis.

In the meantime, we are sending you some literature that may help you identify your sighting. Thank you for reporting it to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STILES
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned text document from Project Blue Book, a former U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

Officer in Charge of U P 0
The Pentagon 
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

On December 19th, 1967, I was driving from Cloudcroft, 
New Mexico on route 82 toward Artesia, N.M.

At a point about 10 miles south of the location where Highway 
13 takes one North to Roswell, N.M., I saw a large saucer 
shaped object on the right side of the highway at an angle of about 
15 degrees. It seemed to be moving a little South of due East. 

The moon was bright, near a full moon, and was to my left 
at about 25 degrees of about 7:30 P.M.

At first I took it to be a warning light on a plow or some 
device, it did not seem ground and there was a slight curvature to it's 
straight course and did not disappear as it would have since 
this was not usually what one would see in the roadway.

I stopped several times and glassed the object with my 7 x 50 
binoculars and did notice the distance at times and the normal 
decrease of vision with the glasses it appeared to be from 
150 to possibly 300 feet. It was the same color and seemed to get 
only slightly brighter then darker to the same degree, there 
was no unusual sounds, which I could hear. It seemed to have 
no flashing or blinking lights on it. It seemed very light and certainly not enough 
to carry a balloon more then a mile or two.

When the lights of Artesia came into view it lifted and passed 
just South of the city, casting a slight shadow which did not seem 
near the top of a radio tower, which had a red light on top of 
it. The shadow was about 30 feet wide.

I made some pictures with a good Bell & Howell 8 mm movie 
camera. If these pictures show up when I film is developed I will send 
you part of it.

I have traveled West Texas and New Mexico for the past 10 years 
and have seen some strange things along the White Sands proving 
grounds; this was the most baffling and would be interested 
knowing if anyone else saw this object.

Sincerely yours,

- page 3 -

