The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph contained in this specific page.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE AND TIME GROUP 27 JAN /-1700
2. LOCATION DE/O,J ?Ton, /!O WA }
3. CONCLUSION P-441-V- 7L) 11_3t f'7)
4. OBJECTS OF PROJECT
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 3 minutes 30 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION IA) It could not have been any aircraft seen norrnaily, it changed color and changed direction in flight.
7. PHOTOS No
8. VISUAL EVIDENCE Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No

The text in the document has been transcribed by the OCR system as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE AND TIME GROUP 27 APR /-1700
2. LOCATION DE/O,J ?Ton, /!O WA
3. CONCLUSION P-441-V- (CA I- 13 p7"7)
The object changed color and changed direction in flight, which could not have been any aircraft seen normally.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION It could not have been any aircraft seen norrnaily, it changed color and changed direction in flight.
7. PHOTOS No
8. VISUAL EVIDENCE Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a historical document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report form.

As per your request, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] 
AGE 15 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Wright-Patterson AFB.

Now Can you please make an observation on the 28th day about 50 percent of the object was able to be seen.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Text from the document:

Time original sighted still Unknown about 5 minutes. Quoting, this is time it was Calif [?] 3 times from 3 Men.

This at most extended another few minutes in a pattern.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 12

was in back of them. They say the object was moving from north to south, yet their diagram shows the object moving from south to east. The fact they did the object had turned could have caused the discrepancy, and appeared to them that it was turning, and moved around traveling (60 miles per hour) they may have come to a halt in the road, changing the angle of the windshield, which the moving object caused a traveling reflection to be seen. Obviously, I cannot prove this, but it is a view of the tremendous uncertainties in the report.

The report, the youth of the observers, the two observers, the duration of the sightings is all very carefully estimated. I believe, unless additional corroborating confirmation is established, this case constitutes insufficient and conflicting data would be best.

28. 25 April 1967, Port Chester, New York.
Not in my current file. Apparently misplaced. Will do in Dayton.

29. 26 April 1967, Preston, Iowa.
Even though this has five witnesses, the report contains insufficient information, the description of the object is missing, and witnesses were adolescents. Case could be classified as possible aircraft, or possible unmanned.

30. 29 June 1967, Scotts Plain, New Jersey.
Several attempts to get in touch with the original witnesses have proved futile. The chief driver, has not telephone listed, and I received no response to letters sent to him. He may be an itinerant and not traceable. His passenger, Mrs. Shirley Winn, also was not traceable. No phone listed and letter so addressed was returned.

Yet despite this, original report stated that there were many corroborating witnesses. Apparently the Air Force interrogator didn't locate any of these, or give any leads as to how they might be located.

The report has a strangeness of 2✶, but relatively low reliability. Also the object disappeared, the report indicates that the object appeared at one time about 100 feet from the observer and at another time the object was circling an aircraft. No time-motion sequence established. I would recommend that in view of the fact that it was impossible to get any additional information, the case be carried as insufficient information, possible unknown. Yet the original report was so bizarre and no suggestive of something strange that there should have been immediate and comprehensive follow-up.

- page 4 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a letter from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio, dated May 3, 1957.

The text of the letter is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBT/UFQO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 26 Apr 57

TO: Creston, Iowa 50801

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FD Form 16 w/envelope

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document reads as follows:

Sirs:
I would like to report a sighting of a strange object. It was sighted on the night of April 26, 1967 at about 9:30 P.M. It was [illegible] about 30 degrees above the horizon. When first sighted it appeared to be a light, but upon closer observation it seemed to be a definite object, larger than a bright planet or star. It remained the same size and color, a sort of amber or reddish color, for about 3 minutes. Again it turned to the amber color. It seemed to grow in size until it was about 20 degrees across. The object then seemed to diminish in size until it was just a star or planet again. It then disappeared. My landlord, a 76 year old man, witnessed the same sight. It appeared to be traveling towards the south and started and stopped, seeming to hover. I am a minister and a reliable person. I would appreciate your investigation of this matter. I am available for further information if desired.
Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object you saw. Please try to answer each question as fully as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 20 April 1967
2. Time of day: 12:40 Hours Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Creston, Iowa
5. How long was object in sight? (Tens) Duration 32 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions and response options for the observer to fill out.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer than usual  
c. More
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright - moonlight
b. Full  
c. Dull or no light
d. No moonlight - pitch dark
e. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear 
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain 
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid 
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared on a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a sharp edge
c. Hazy
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Change its brightness or intensity? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change its shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 8 -

This image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes - Just went down out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle one):        Yes        No       Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one):        Yes        No       Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Green flashing green, steady

18. To wish to know the angular size, Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? A match head covered about 1/3 of object

19. Draw a sketch that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the sighting such as clouds, surrounding objects, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1000 miles per hour.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 miles.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outside, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other.

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open countryside?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other.

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest. 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes (No), b. Sun glasses Yes (No), c. Windshield Yes (No), d. Window glass Yes (No), e. Binoculars Yes (No), f. Telescope Yes (No), g. Theodolite Yes (No), h. Other.

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object which, when placed up in the sky, would give some appearance as the object which you saw. A glowing whitish light, the size of a dime held at arms length, moving across the sky rapidly and silently.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph, but rather a diagram and an empty space for a drawing. The diagram shows a compass and a sketch depicting the elevation and direction of an observed object relative to the horizon.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

