There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Oct 67
2. LOCATION
Newfield, New York
3. SOURCE
Civilian
10. CONCLUSION
UNRELIABLER REPORT
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
see case
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer has seen 120 or better UFO's in the fall of 1957. He reported that one landed in a field near Newfield, New York.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
see case
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
see case
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

- page 1 -

Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a memorandum from the New York State Police containing a report about a UFO complaint.

NOW FOR THE TEXT OUTPUT:

NOT FOR PUBLICATION
NEW YORK STATE POLICE

MEMORANDUM

Troop C Station Ithaca
Date November 7, 1967

To: Troop Commander, Troop "C", Sidney,N.Y.
From: Tpr. A.J. Hendricks
Subject - UFO Complaint

1. On November 1, 1967 Sgt. I. Ithaca, N.Y. called to report a request of a patrol at it's Bennet Hill Rd., New field base which they had observed Unidentified Flying Objects.

2. On November 1, 1967 writer and Tpr. M.C. Weidman interviewed a writer and Tpr. M.C. Weidman that was attempting to find cracks of a flying saucer he found carcass of a dead heifer in a field. He claimed the animal had been dead for a considerable length of time and was decomposed. He had found the dead animal in the field, N.Y. was out of the ordinary and that the animal had been struck by lightning during a severe storm on the that area. Ithaca, N.Y. had seen numerous flying objects in the area and were unable to produce anyone who could substantiate their statements. During the interview it was observed that there were no military or identifying markings on the animal and it was determined that the writer had seen many unidentified objects flying in the area but could not produce anyone who could verify his statements. During the period of callings in the area has reported seeing unidentified flying objects, to the knowledge of the writer.

3. On November 1, 1967 writer, Tpr. Weidman, and ------- went into the yard upon the request of Tpr. It is to be noted that nothing unusual occurred or was witnessed by any member present.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF:  TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT:  UFO Observation, October 1967  

TO:  LT John Carroll
New York State Police
Ithaca, New York 14851

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on October 1967, would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, please return this letter indicating such to this office.  

The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

VICTOR GITANTHALLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 5111 AIR DIVISION (ADC)
SYRACUSE, NEW YORK 13333

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 35610

SUBJECT: Investigation UFO

TO: CDI-T(UFO)

1. Reference your letter of 6 Dec concerning UFO reports submitted by this Air Division.

2. Attached is a copy of the report made by the investigating officers. This report should have been forwarded with the others.

FOR THE COMMANDER

RAYMOND H. ST JOHN JR, Capt, USAF
Chief of Information

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Department of the Air Force regarding the investigation of a UFO incident. The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS (AFCIN-XEE)
HANSCOM FIELD
HANSCOM AFB, MASSACHUSETTS 01731

REPLY TO 350DC 
ATTN OF:

SUBJECT: Investigation of UFO

TO: 4624 Air Base Sq(CGR - Lt Col Sheppard)

1. Attached is a letter report of investigation of an unidentified flying object.

2. Request further processing in accordance with Section C, Paragraph 7a, AFR 80-17.

FOR THE COMMANDER

M. W. SHARECK, JR., Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations

1 Atch
Rept of Inves. 14 Nov 67

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archives, specifically a report on a UFO investigation that took place on November 9, 1967 in Newfield, New York.

The text in the document is as follows:

DR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 35TH AIR DIVISION (ADC)
SYRACUSE, NEW YORK 13225 
11 November 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Investigation

TO: 35ODC

1. On 9 November 1967 Lt Dennis Egan and I went to Newfield, New York, a small town 7 miles south of Ithaca, to investigate a series of UFO sightings.

2. We arrived at 1830 at the Waris residence in Newfield. Approximately 25 persons of various ages were present in this lower middle class home. Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University and an Air Force consultant for Project Blue Book was present. He had spoken at Wells College earlier that day and had agreed to attend.

3. Dr. Hynek opened the meeting by explaining the importance of relating UFO sightings to the size of known objects. Also, he gave a quick briefing on High sources.

4. The actual stories began with three boys ages 9, 11, and 12 who claim to have seen a large object descend to 35-40 feet near two houses. For almost two minutes the "saucer-shaped**" object made noise. The object had red and white lights around the edge with strange markings above the lights. The boys saw two large windows through which they viewed two "aliens" (as they called them) seated at a large instrument panel. The "aliens" were about three feet tall, brown in color, and covered with large bumps on their upper body. The object then ascended very rapidly and was out of sight. A similar sighting occurred the following night.

5. Dr. Hynek questioned the boys concerning the length of time the object was in view. The oldest boy said about two minutes because he glanced at his watch when the object first appeared. Someone in the room asked the boys to act out what actually happened. On the spur of the moment they gave what appeared to be a well rehearsed performance which lasted about two minutes.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

3. The discussion was then centered around the fact that it was a white male of 23-25 years of age who served aboard an aircraft carrier. He is "an ex-Navy man" who served aboard an aircraft carrier. He called in a UFO report to 28 October 1967 at Griffiss.

7. Orr claimed his first sighting was 23 October 1937 when he saw a large object descend near the Ithaca airport. Since then he claims to have seen 100 or more of these.

8. I asked Mr. Orr the date he made his report to the Air Force. He stated it was 26 October 1967 near 1830 hours. The report compiled by 35DCO is dated 28 October 1967 at 0555Z, and the Air Force made a mistake and produced a telephone bill which indicated a call to Hancock Field on that date, however no answer time was listed.

9. Orr said he has seen 100 or more objects in the past three weeks. He called the New York State Police and said that the trooper also saw the UFO. The trooper, Lt John Carroll, stated that he saw a Mohawk turbo-prop aircraft.

10. Several persons in the group told of seeing lights in the sky, but all of their descriptions sounded similar to aircraft in the area.

11. I told Orr and his group that there are three high altitude aircraft routes which cross within a few miles of Newfield. I displayed a copy of an En route High Altitude chart, but he stated that he knew what he was talking about.

12. The discussion drifted back to "red lights", and I said that the F-111 and VF-12 are being flown around the country. (TIME and Aviation Week and Space Technology) and these aircraft have a reddish-box designed aircraft which he has probably not seen. I added that it might possibly have been one of these.

13. A Mr. Griffin from the Syracuse Post-Standard asked me if our radars would have seen an object as large as these and would we send aircraft up to identify them if they could not be identified? I replied that this was true, and no unusual incidents have occurred.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

14. The subject was changed by Orr because he wanted to read his "story." This comprised about 10-15 typewritten pages. However, Orr did not read it. Instead, William Donovan, a representative of Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, (APRO) said he would read it. (Donovan is about the same age as we and we had the impression they were old friends.)

15. Orr stated he was trying to sell his "story" to Look magazine.

16. Donovan read the manuscript which obviously was not written by Orr. The author was someone with journalistic experience. Neither Orr nor Donovan seemed capable of writing it.

17. The story said that had witnessed "jet fighters" chasing UFO's but to no avail. They felt helpless because "our defenses were useless against these objects."

18. I asked to tell me how he knew these were jet fighters. He made a comment about "flights." Donovan changed the subject at that time.  

19. Later, Dr. Hynek queried about a statement in his "story" in which he mentioned reading "flying saucer" books. Orr admitted reading ten to fifteen of these prior to his first UFO sighting.

20. The remainder of the discussion concerned a "footprint" Orr said he photographed, and the three boys who found broken trees in the woods near Newfiled. Donovan said these trees might have been an indication that a landing had occurred.

21. As we were leaving at 2230 Donovan was asking for "all those who believe aliens were aboard these objects" to raise their hand.

22. At 2300 we arrived at the State Police station near Ithaca and asked about and Donovan. Lt Carroll said they had had reports of Donovan selling shares in APRO for $5.00 a piece.

23. It could not be determined whether and Donovan were working together for some monetary gain, or if is actually as irrational as he appeared to be.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

24. The residents of [REDACTED] who have stated they are seeing UFOs are doing so in sincerity. These objects are unidentified to them, and all of the talk of UFO's has these people believing in them.

25. My own conclusion is that there is no threat to the 35th Air Division from these UFO sightings, and Air Force investigation in this matter should be terminated.

GERALD L. WHITE, 2D LT, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPT (UFO) Ma j Quintanilla/70915/ans/5 Dec 67
Compliance with AFR 80-17
Office of Information (SAFOI)
Hancock Field

1. Reference are UFO reports of 26 October 1967, 13 November 1967, and 20 November 1967 from 3500C-A. These reports were received in an envelope from 3500C on 4 December 1967.

2. Previous conversation between Lieutenants Steel and White of your organization, and 2nd Lt Marro, this office, regarding comments indicated that the original witnessed sighting was displaced and did not go any further. Subsequent conversation referring to a Highway Patrol investigation, your organization indicated that a detail of this report and comments it to our office. Our office has now received a copy of the original report as obtained on 25 October 1967.

3. There is nothing in any of the three reports to indicate that they have been investigated in accordance with AFR 80-17, and the reports themselves do not furnish sufficient data to permit complete analysis of this regulation. In particular, we would appreciate comments from the reporting officers as to what stimuli might have possibly caused the sightings. Also, in the comments section, it is helpful to our analysis if you would include those areas that you have checked, such as:

a. RADAR PERSONNEL - whether they had any pilots (identified or unidentified) at the time of the observation.

b. CONTROL TOWER PERSONNEL - a statement as to whether the control tower operator observed anything unusual at the time of the observation. 

c. LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES - often, they can provide information as to the reliability of the witness. Also, they may have required a UFO report, or additional information that may provide you with the stimulus of the UFO observation.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

1. It is important that you provide all information in your report so that our office does not duplicate your investigation.

2. Most aircraft records and other important data are kept on file for only thirty days. This is just one of the many reasons for timely submission of your report. If you forward a report, such as the 20 October 1967 sighting, please indicate the reasons for delay in reporting the observation.

3. Subject reports are returned to your organization for re-accomplishment. Request they be returned to this office as quickly as possible.

FOR THE COMMANDER
VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technology Division 
Production Directorate
1. Rpt 25 Oct 67, Ithaca, N.Y.  
2. Rpt 12 Nov 67, Cape Vincent, N.Y.
3. Rpt 20 Nov 67, Massachusetts

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR text output:

CDPT (UFO) Maj Quintanilla/70916/mha/3 Feb 63 8 FEB 1963

UFO Observation, October 1967

Lt John Carroll
New York State Police 
Buffalo, New York 14201

1. Reference our letter of 7 February 1963 in which we requested information on an unidentified observation which occurred during the month of October 1967.

2. Lt White of Hancock Field, stated that you investigated the sighting of a UFO aircraft. If possible, we would like a copy of your report on this incident.

3. We would appreciate any comments you may have as to the witness's reliability regarding his observations of unidentified flying objects.

4. Thank you for your assistance and we hope that our letter of 7 February did not contain a you too much.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

UNKNOWN STATES FLYING OBJECTS U.S. AIR FORCE

1. Date-Time Group: 25 Oct 1967 
2. Location: 8 miles South of Ithaca, N.Y.
3. Type of Observation: Witness, called by phone.
4. Description: One "No definite shape, came out of fog shape, seemed to move from small to large, color white + green" 
5. Course: Straight line, moving up and down and at times seemed stationary.
6. Duration: Approximately 30 minutes or better. 
7. Illustrations or Photos: None
8. Weather Conditions: Foggy.
9. Description of Object(s):
(a) Characteristics of source, sound, size, number, etc.: According to descending data, it was seen, small, or ordinary.
(b) Other pertinent information: Individual reported one and landed in a fog, as seen from his house.
10. Distance or altitude information: Not given
11. Any physical evidence? Not recorded.
12. Name and location of observer(s): Graffelt, 8 miles South of Ithaca, N.Y.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an investigation report.

PASSIBILITY - DEGREE, KIND, AND MOTIVATION. MANY LOCATIONS AND EXPLANATIONS OF RELIABILITY
PROPER REASONS FORWARDING FOR VERIFYING CONDITIONS
PAPERS FROM AGENCIES AS U.S. WEATHER BUREAU OFFICE OF WIND DIRECTION AND VELOCITY IN DEGREE AND MILES PER HOUR
SURFACE 22O' 10/6/67 30,000' 2.70 90 FEET
GROUND 2,200' 35' 20,000' 2.40 40 FEET 
CEILING 700 250 00
VISIBILITY CLEAR
AMOUNT OF CLOUD COVER -
TEMPERATURE IN AREA AND QUADRANT LOCATION JUNE 

WRITTEN EXPLANATION OF SIGHTING, DESCRIPTION OF PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS, MOTION, BEHAVIOR, ETC., WHICH MIGHT ACCOUNT FOR THE "POSSIBLE INVASION UP TO 5000'" WITHIN 7000' TO 11,000. GET JOHNSON (W)

BASED ON WHAT IS TYPICAL IN THE AREA AT THE TIME OF SIGHTING

REVIEW OF CASE, EVALUATION REPORT MADE
NAMES AND POSITION TITLES
CONTINUITY AND PRELIMINARY ACTIVITIES OF PARTICIPATING OFFICERS

RESULTS OF PHYSICAL EVIDENCE, SUCH AS MATERIALS AND PHOTOGRAPHS

- page 14 -

This document does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a memo describing a UFO observation by Mr. [redacted] and a visit by Dr. J. Allan Hynek. The text of the memo is as follows:

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

Subject: UFO Observation by Mr. [redacted] and Visit by Dr. J. Allan Hynek

The staff Duty Officer of Saturday, 4 November 1967 of the 35th Air Division, Hancock Field, New York called regarding Dr. Hynek's creditability. They understand that they are to help him in investigating UFOs in accordance with AFR 80-17. Somebody had called Friday night to Hancock Field stating that Dr. J. Allan Hynek of Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University would be arriving on the 9th of November to investigate a UFO report. The sighting was made by a [redacted] sales representative, date unknown. According to the person calling in, the observation was made some time last week and the report never got to where it should have gone. [Redacted] called into the base last Tuesday or Wednesday, calling the officer of the day. Anyway the report never got anywhere nor has anybody seen it. What the 35th Air Division wanted was to find out if Hynek was actually going to be there. Major Quintanilla informed him that Dr. Hynek was an Air Force consultant, however, we didn't know he was going to New York to investigate a sighting, and it is always coordinated through our office first.

Lt. Marano spoke with Dr. Hynek at approximately 0900 hours regarding his visit to New York. Dr. Hynek said that he was going to Auburn, New York on a speaking engagement that had been arranged several months ago. He definitely is not going as an Air Force representative to investigate a sighting. He is going to be doing some investigation on his own. A radio station in Ithaca, New York had called Dr. Hynek this morning and wanted to know if the Air Force was sending up an investigator. Dr. Hynek explained that he had a speaking engagement in the area planned several months ago, and that he may do a little personal investigation, but he definitely was not going as an Air Force representative.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

representative. Dr. Hynek requested that Major Quintanilla be informed of this. A bill Donavan of a UFO outfit in White Plains, New York called Dr. Hynek and said that all sorts of things were going on that Hynek ought to come out and investigate them. Hynek pointed out that he wouldn't make a trip especially to investigate this sighting, however he had planned a trip to Auburn which is only about thirty miles away and Mr. Donavan said fine. Hynek said that if something got out about him coming to New York this is probably how it happened, through Donavan. This is the sighting that Hynek had asked Lt Marano about earlier in the week. Hynek got a letter from a ten page later to Look magazine and was highly frustrated because when he called his sighting into Hancock they laughed at him. Hynek said that this was not an official case, and he was not investigating it. Norm Levine of the University of Colorado asked Hynek not to officially investigate it for the University of Colorado but would he please forward any information that he had gotten on it and his results. Hor said that when Hancock laughed at him he called the State Police and they said all they saw was airplanes. Lt Marano will call Hancock and inform them that Dr. Hynek is not to be extended the courtesies of the base since he will be investigating the sighting but not as an Air Force representative. Also, Lt Marano will request Hancock to contact the State Police and request a copy of their incident report, especially the portion that said Mr. Donavan saw aircraft.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document from the New York State Police Executive Department.

The text in the document is as follows:

ATTENTION: TDPT (UFO)
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., MAJOR

Dear Sir:

Attached find copy of self-explanatory memorandum from Lieutenant G. J. Gorman, relative to unidentified flying objects in the Ithaca, New York area, as per your request in your letter dated February 7, 1968. A copy of this report and a copy of the reply from Griffiss Air Force Base, Rome, New York.

Relative to your letter of February 8, 1968, be advised that Lieutenant John Carroll did not personally witness any unidentified flying objects.

Very truly yours,

N. G. Locakes
Captain

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum from the New York State Police regarding a UFO observation in October 1967. The text of the memorandum is as follows:

NEW YORK STATE POLICE
MEMORANDUM

Troop C Station Ithaca
Date February 10, 1968

To: Troop Commander, Troop C, Sidney, N.Y.
From: Lieut. J.J. Carroll

Subject: U.F.O. Observation - October 1967

1. Reference is made to attached self-explanatory correspondence dated 2/7/68, received from Major J.L. QUINTANILLA, JR., United States Air Force, concerning above captioned subject.

2. This officer was not a witness to any "unidentified flying object" during October of 1967 or at any other time.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed memorandum from the New York State Police regarding a report of unidentified flying objects (U.F.O.'s).

NEW YORK STATE POLICE
MEMORANDUM

Troop "C" Station: Ithaca
Date: November 17, 1967

To: TROOP COMMANDER, TROOP "C", Sidney, New York
From: Lieut. J.J. Carroll

Subject: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects ("U.F.O.'s")

1. Contacted Telephone, 10/26/67, the Ithaca station and requested to send a patrol to 13 Benjamin Hill Road, Newfield, N.Y. relative to seeing "some lights in the sky". Trooper J.P. TROMBINO was assigned to interview complainant.

2. On 10/26/67, Trpr. J.P. TROMBINO personally interviewed Complainant, age 33, Ithaca, New York, at the residence of a third subject, age 24, also of Ithaca, New York. Complainant and the third subject stated they were at the back yard of the residence trapped in blankests looking into the sky. They observed a flying saucer-like object with a bluish-green glowing exterior. It appeared to be stationary, but suddenly took off at a high rate of speed. All three subjects claimed to have observed the object with many flashing lights, and that the saucer cast small white lights at them. The story was difficult to believe. Upon completion of his tour of duty, Trpr. TROMBINO did observe what appear to be the description given by the subjects in the yard for a short time, but could not determine what the object was.

3. Trooper EISENOERG subsequently obtained a special file ch. from SP Sidney on all three subjects with negative results. During completion of his tour of duty, Trooper EISENBEEG made a blotter entry covering the incident.

4. At 7:20 P.M., 11/1/67, a subject identifying himself as WILLIAM DONOVAN, President of Aerial Investigation and Research Inc., telephonically contacted Sergeant R.J. CARTIER at the Ithaca Station. He stated he was investigating reports of U.F.O.'s in this area.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

NOT FOR PUBLICATION Page #2 11/17/67

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects (U.F.O.'S) and was advised to contact Troop Headquarters if he desired copies of any State Police reports. He requested that reports of U.F.O.'S be suppressed from any sensational news publicity as much as possible. 

5. At 10:00 P.M., 11/1/67, STANLEY CAR, telephonically contacted Trp. A.J. HENDRICKS and stated that the blinking lights or object observed by a field on Buckhorn Road. Tpr. A.J. HENDRICKS was assigned to interview complaint.

6. On 11/1/67, Trooper HENDRICKS and H.C. WITMAN, personally interviewed Mr. as he stated that while attempting to find traces of a "flying saucer" in a field on Buckhorn Road in a field on Hopkins property, he had been killed by an U.F.O. and made statements about seeing unidentified flying objects over the area. Interview revealed that the death of Mr. child was not connected to any U.F.O. incident and to other factors and who was the investigating trooper at the time of the death contributed the cause of death to the animal.

7. Upon completion of this tour of duty, Tpr. HENDRICKS closed the incident by blotter entry. Attached find memorandum of Tpr. HENDRICKS covering incident.

8. At 9:50 P.M. 11/4/67 telephonically contacted Tpr. J.E. Concerning his request that Trooper EISENBERG be available on Thursday evening, 11/9/67, to interview J.J. ALLETTO. Danforth Investigator, Evansville, Illinois, who was flying into the area to investigate what he advised that he, ALLETTO, would contact him on 11/6/67, upon return from pass.

9. On 11/6/67, personally related having observed the numerous U.F.O.'S in the sky at this time, related seeing some large as battleships high in the sky, with smaller craft leaving the larger craft, travel at tremendous speeds and sometime hover in the area. He further described an incident where a U.F.O. had cast a white light on him. He declared that the U.S. Air Force has been "involved" in the incident, and expressed the opinion that numerous persons in the Newfield area have observed U.F.O.'S and that two young boys had observed a craft not over a thousand feet from them. He stated "I don't know who they are or where they come from, but they are here".

- page 20 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to show a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects (U.F.O.'s)

entire conversation cannot be recorded; however parts of Mr. ORR'S conversation with DR. ALLEN HYNEK, who is in charge of "Project Blue Book" was taped. DR. HYNEK advised to have DR. ALLEN interviewed by DR. HYNEK. DR. ORR was unable to have this interview transpire, because of his leaving for overseas.

10. On 11/6/67 telephonically contacted DR. - - - - - - - - - - Civilian Dispatcher, Griffiss Air Force Base, Rome, N.Y. and advised him of reports received. DR. - - - - - - - - - - stated that he would advise the Duty Officer MAJOR ALLEN, U.S.A.F. of the reports.

11. On 11/6/67, ORR, of A.I.R. Inc., White Plain subject or copies of this report, collected, that contacted this incident, stating that he investigated the sighting and determined that the object was flying to Auburn, N.Y. on 11/7/67 in conjunction with a speaking engagement. Further stated in view of the reported sightings of U.F.O.'s in the Cornell area on 11/8/67, he planned to visit the area sometime during the week and advised that he would be in the Ithaca area on 11/9/67 pertaining to the telephone call received at the State Police station to talk to this officer.

12. On 11/7/67 - - - - - - - - - - and an associate identified only as J. ORR, personally interviewed by this officer. S/A J. ORR stated that he had previously visited U.F.O. hovering in the area in early 1967. He stated that he was continuing his investigation on this matter and that he would advise this office of any findings. At this time, personally reiterated to this officer, details of his sightings as previously set forth in this memorandum. It should be noted that during this conversation and previous ones between the - - - - - - - - - - and this officer. DR. J. ORR indicated that he has sent to five page letter to DUKE UNIVERSITY concerning this officer. 

13. During the late evening of 11/9/67, Lieutenants GERALD WHITE and DOUGLAS BROWN, Syracuse, N.Y. stopped at the Ithaca Station and conferred with this officer. They advised that they had just attended a meeting at Cornell University sponsored by DR. HYNEK. HYNEK told them that no U.F.O.'s had been sighted in that area and they felt that he was misleading this officer.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

NOT FOR PUBLICATION

SUBJECT: Report on Unidentified Flying Objects (U.F.O.'S)

14. Telephonically contacted Sgt. J.P. BISBINC at the Ithaca Station and requested to see a Trooper that was detailed to the Flying Saucer over her residence. Sergeant R.S. CIARPCK was assigned.

15. On 11/8/67, Sgt. CIARPCK, personally interviewed Mrs. O.A. BOWEN, age 35, and her daughter, age 12, at their residence on Route 13, Newfield, N.Y. Mrs. BOWEN stated that at approximately 10:10 P.M. on 11/7/67, while looking out of their living room window, they observed a circular object, 30-40 feet in diameter, with a white light on top and a red light on the bottom, hovering over their house at approximately 1,000 feet. They described the object as having several red lights and two white lights, which appeared to be search lights. They could not obtain any further information concerning size, shape or speed. From the description given, Sgt. CIARPCK believed the observed object was at a high altitude. The incident was closed by blotter entry.

16. On 11/10/67 an article appeared in the Ithaca Journal Newspaper concerning the sightings and the meeting at Newfield. The article is being submitted with this memorandum.

17. On 11/10/67 an article also appeared in the Syracuse Post Standard newspaper and is being submitted with this memorandum.

18. At 4:55 P.M. on 11/11/67 a telephone call was received at the Ithaca State Police Station from a Mrs. ANTANAS of 408 Aurora Street, Ithaca, N.Y. telephonically contacted Trooper R.E. BENTER at the Ithaca Station and requested to see a Trooper as she had observed a U.F.O. flying over hi s residence at 5:30 or 5:45 P.M. of this date. Inasmuch as subject resided in the city, Mr. Antanas agreed to report same to the Ithaca City Police Department.

19. On 11/15/67, A.F.R. Inc. telephonically contacted Deputy Edgar at the Ithaca State Police Station and advised they were continuing their investigation on the Newfield sightings. They inquired relative to assistance from the State Police in the form of a helicopter that they could utilize in their final rechecks of the area as they had been informed that the Aeronautics Division did not have a helicopter available to aid in his investigation. He advised that he would keep this office informed of any success in his investigation.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:

NCT PDR PUBLICATIUN

NEW YORK STATE POLICE

MEMORANDUM

Troop   C      Station   Ithaca

Date   November 8, 1967

To: Troop Commander Troop "C" Sidney, New York

From: Trooper J.P. Eisenberg

Subject Complaint of "U.F.O.'s"

1. On 10-26-67 received radio transmission to interview Stanley C. on complaint of U.F.O.'s in Newfine, New York area.
2. On 10-26-67 interviewed complainant at residence of Barbara Paris age 42, Newfine, New York. Complainant stated 3 subjects were standing in the back yard of the residence described as "being like human beings looking into the sky." They stated they were looking for a flying saucer that had landed previously. All three subjects claim to have seen the flying saucer and all three described same as being round with white lights on same. Estimated size as 600 to 700 ft.
3. Patrol waited in yard of Paris with complainant to observe objects in sky and noted several planes going by but none fit description given by complainant.
4. Patrol contacted SP Sidney via radio for S.P.C. on above sub. with negative results.
5. Patrolled area to south or area complainant states U.F.O.'s landed and noted no fires to give any glow in sky.
6. At end of tour proper blotter entry made.

- page 23 -

