The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 27 JAN 67 23/0132
2. LOCATION: SANTA MARIA, CALIFORNIA
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: To the SE
8. PHOTOS: XX Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: O Yes
10. CONCLUSION: The object appeared as an aircraft without running lights, but quite brighter. The lights appeared brighter than the brightest star. The lights were compared to the head-light of a truck, and were approximately one block or so. Only white lights were observed.

Photo examination revealed that the lights appeared only as circular light-colored images. The description is consistent with that of some type of aircraft engaged in aerial maneuvering. The photographs do not support such a probability.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document, containing a questionnaire or survey about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, than what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other _____

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text output from the OCR system is:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, than what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other _____

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram illustrating a question about an unidentified flying object (UFO). The diagram shows the horizon line and has a compass rose in the corner. The instructions ask the viewer to imagine a high object above the horizon and draw a picture showing its motion and any changes in direction.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "A" at the highest point of the objec? shown on the horizon skyline. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "X" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object. 
90° - 
75° -
60° -
45° -
30° -
15° -
0°
N
NW
  W
SW
S
SE
E
NE
 N

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give data or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from a document or questionnaire with text fields for the observer to fill out. The text on the page is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document that contains handwritten text.

Camera data: 8'5 A3 54 64 Time exposure of 2 seconds varying 5.6 f

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document related to a UFO sighting report.

Official U.S. Air Force
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The light went out and it moved behind trees. It didn't show up again.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: No sound b. Color: Brilliant light
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? If you held a match in front of the object at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protruding parts, etc., and especially indicate the direction the object was moving in.

- page 8 -

There is a photograph present on this page of a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image appears to be a blurry, grainy photograph of what seems to be an unidentified flying object in the sky.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
If you answered YES, then how far away do you say it was? ONE HALF MILE
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 30 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Other
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Object appeared like a fleet of light at 1,000 to 1,800 feet of altitude.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" used for collecting information about UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any information that you give. We request that you fill out this form as completely and accurately as possible, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 27 JULY 67 
2. Time of day: 6:10 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other  
4. Where were you when you saw the object? SANTA MARIA, CALIF.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 MINUTES
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) a. DAY: 1. Clear b. NIGHT: 1. Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you located at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your left c. Overhead d. To your right

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full 
b. Half 
c. Crescent 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear/mild
b. Hazy
c. Overcast/cloudy
d. Think or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.
Nothing to compare to, no object observed

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy/blurred
b. Less sharp than a star
c. Sharply defined

13. Did this object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly appear and/or disappear at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Leave a trail or streak behind as it moved? Yes No Don't know

- page 11 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with the text "One includes thirteen (13) 5"x7" photographs" written in cursive.

Here is the output of the text found in the document:

One includes thirteen (13) 5"x7" photographs

- page 12 -

The image contains a text document on what appears to be an "Official U.S. Air Force" form. There is no photograph present in this image.

Transcribing the text from the document:

4. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 March 62

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or in your transcript explanation of your sighting.

We sighted a bright object (Maria Reiner) and a rapid maneuver took place. We caught both object and the sound with high running motor and both object are supposed to be. We have hearing of two with rapid flight and lightning bright that could not see due to blinding condition stars were very bright that night and we felt on the film where as they object.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The form is titled "UFO Form Continued" and contains various questions related to the sighting of a UFO, such as whether anyone else was with the witness at the time, a request for the witness's name and address, and a question about when the object was sighted.

Here is the text transcribed from the form:

30. Have you ever seen this or a similar object before? If so, give date or details and location.

31. 1. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
      Yes No
   2. If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
      Yes No

31.3 Please list their names and addresses.

Schedale, Afric. 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
Santa Maria, Calif. CODE
TELEPHONE: [redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Native Amer Lab. U.S.A.F. 
Still photo experience

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day _____ Month _____ Year _____

- page 14 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions related to observing and reporting unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The diagram shows a curved horizon line and an object above it, along with a compass rose and other visual aids. There are instructions asking the viewer to imagine their position and the location of the object, as well as to draw a picture showing the motion of the object.

Text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°

N

W E

S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A. o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o 

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with a heading "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and the word "UNCLASSIFIED" written at the top and bottom of the page. The rest of the page is blank, with no additional text or images visible.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book. There are two blank spaces or frames on the page, potentially intended for photographs, but no actual photographs are present.

BOSTON TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

- page 17 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is a photograph present in the lower portion of the image, which depicts a landscape scene with palm trees or similar vegetation in a coastal or island setting.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 18 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified object in the sky. The object appears as a dark silhouetted shape against a lighter background.

LOCATION TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 19 -

The image appears to contain two sets of photographs or images. The upper set shows a somewhat indistinct object or objects in the sky, while the lower set shows what appear to be distant landscapes or cloud formations. However, the images are quite blurry and difficult to make out clearly.

TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC 
UNCLASSIFIED

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 20 -

The image contains two photographs. The top photograph shows a dark, oblong-shaped object in the sky. The bottom photograph shows a smaller, more distinct object, also in the sky.

TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 21 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified flying object. The photograph shows a dark, disc-shaped object in the sky, with a trailing light or trail behind it.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 22 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified object. The photograph appears to be a part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document from 1967.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Dear Mr. _________,
Reference your recent unidentified observation and subsequent slides of numerous unidentified objects.
Examination of the slides revealed the images on frames 32, 40, and 41 were very similar and consistent of a round, circular object with a bright center spot and surrounded by a brighter zone that the remainder. On frame 37, the object assisted of a circular light-centered image with a small darker image in its center.
Frame 31 contained your images and a void between the first and second images of sufficient size to accommodate a possible third image, though in a turn.
Although no positive explanation of the images has been determined, the description is consistent with that of some types of aircraft engaged in aerial advertising. The photographs appear such a probability.
Enclosed are the five color slides which were submitted for analysis. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force. We appreciate your cooperation.
Sincerely,
GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch Division
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

USADC (SAFOIDC)
Reference the attached letter from USADC. A request is being made for information concerning an unidentified flying object. This is a proposed reply.

FOR THE COMMANDER
JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF 
Director of Technology and Subsystems
1. Atch
2. Proposed Reply
3. Five Color Slides

- page 24 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph or image included in this document. The document is a Photo Analysis Report that describes the analysis of frames from an Ektachrome daylight film.

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 67-29
PAGE 1 OF 2 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 27 APRIL 1967
SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS
LOCATION SANTA MARIA, CALIFORNIA
DATE 27 JANUARY 1967
PHOTOGRAPHY
AF NR 5: Ektachrome daylight film, Frames 37, 39, 40, 41 submitted by Mr. [redacted], Santa Maria, California
1. PURPOSE: This report is in reply to Work Order Number 67-42 submitted by Major R. Quintanilla, Jr., USAF/UFO. The work order requested photo analysis of four photographs of color slides and identification of unidentified objects appearing thereon.
2. ANALYSIS: Frames numbers 37, 39, 40 and 41 of Ektachrome daylight film were received with the work order. The absence of Frame 38, which would normally appear within the sequence exposed, is not explained in the work order.
The images on Frames 39, 40 and 41 were generally similar and consisted of a roughly circular light-toned image. A crescent-shaped portion of the object was less dense than the remainder. On Frame 37, the object consisted of a circular light-toned image with a small darker image in its center. The other three frames contained light-toned images with undefined details. The objects were generally aligned and equally spaced except as noted below:
(1) Frame 37: 3 images present, two in line, the third less distinct and slightly of alignment. The second distance between them greater than the first.
(2) Frame 39: 10 images with a void between the fifth and sixth and between the ninth and tenth images. The voids were of sufficient size to accommodate an added image.
(3) Frame 40: 9 images with voids between the second and third images. The sizes were to accommodate 2 images, between the fifth and sixth to accommodate a single image.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically Photo Analysis Report No. 67-22 dated 27 April 1967.

The text in the document is as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 67-22, DATED 27 April 1967

(1) Frame 14 contained four images and a void between the first and second images of an incident site to accommodate a possible aircraft. Distances between images gradually decreased in size as though in a turn.

The examining specialist was contacted and after examination of the camera calibrations, examination of the films advised that the images were probably would-be aircraft, with little or no structure discernible - probably due to progressive camera malfunction or angle of photography.

c. Although no explanation of the images has been arrived at, the possibility that this is an incident site involving anti-collision or other aircraft light exists. Detailed information as to location, direction etc. is not available. Confident data would be required to rule this out with absolute certainty.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
ROBERT J. MALY
Intelligence Research Specialist

APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM L. TURNER
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

WALTER PRICE, JR.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR output:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO 23 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 27 Jan 67

TO: Mr. Santa Maria, California 93454

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 154 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the air force.

JAMES C. MARANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 154 w/envelope

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form used by the U.S. Air Force to collect information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your consent, but if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration)
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by a witness.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Give off bright lights? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash on and off? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 29 -

