There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record containing a brief summary and analysis of a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
2. LOCATION Hackettstown, New Jersey
10. CONCLUSION Possible (CATCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was a reddish-bright color and size of a basketball. It had a sound like the motor of a small plane. Object traveled over the mountains.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

REPLY TO TDST/UFO 17 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 30 Jul 67

Hackettstown, New Jersey 07840

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have reviewed is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

Exhibit - 25 deg 25 deg

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old document containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text from the document:

No photograph or image of any kind is present on this page. The page contains handwritten text describing some kind of event or observation, but does not include any visual elements.

- page 3 -

There is no visible photograph in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

TRANSCRIPTION:

There were a number of people who saw the object. It was described as about 60 feet in diameter and it was silver in color and it had a bluish halo around it. The object made no noise at all as it passed overhead. It was traveling at a very high speed, much faster than any known aircraft. It appeared to be circular in shape and it had no projections or wings. It seemed to glow with a bluish light. The object was observed for approximately 30 seconds as it passed overhead and then it seemed to disappear into the distance at a tremendous speed. The witnesses stated that they had never seen anything like this object before and they were quite perplexed by what they had observed. They indicated that they had no explanation for what they had seen. The Air Force investigated this case but was unable to identify the object.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document.

The handwritten text in the document says:

"How long ago the event occurred? They were not sure of the exact time but thought it was about an hour after one o'clock this morning. The time they say they saw the object first was estimated to be between one o'clock and one fifteen this morning, (am). The duration of the sighting was reported to be approximately 1 hour. The size of the object as described was roughly 30 to 40 feet in diameter. The color was reported to be a reddish orange. The object was observed to be hovering at first and then it was seen to move about in a very erratic manner, rapidly changing directions and occasionally appearing to dip down towards the ground and then back up again. There was no noise reported associated with the object. The weather was clear with a light wind blowing at the time of the sighting. The location of the sighting was about 6 miles west-southwest of Hackettstown, New Jersey."

- page 5 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten notes or annotations in the top right corner.

As an OCR system, I do not detect any legible text in the document. The only text visible is the handwritten notes in the top right corner, which are illegible and cannot be accurately transcribed.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30 JANUARY 1967
HACKETTSTOWN, NEW JERSEY
MAY 15 1967

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

Reference your recent observation of an alleged unidentified flying object (UFO). 

A study of the submitted information did not result in a positive identification. The red, green, and yellow-white lights are very consistent with that of an aircraft's exterior navigation and position lights. Unusual aircraft lighting configurations have in the past been responsible for numerous UFO observations.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force. The latest edition of the report on Project Blue Book is enclosed.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch Division
Office of Information

Attachment
Hackettstown, New Jersey 07840

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information obtained will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 30 Day 9 Month 1967 Year
2. Time of day: 12:45 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address: Hackettstown, New Jersey
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours 22 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8-I STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8-2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Other d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Definitely outlined d. Don't know

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a.Appear to stand still at any time? b.Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? c.Seem to bounce or jump up and down? d.Give off smoke? e.Change brightness? f.Change shape? g.Flash or flicker? h.Disappear and reappear?

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire form with handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Ja, as in the sky disappear from sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
1) moved behind: Yes    (NO)   Don't Know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) 
1) in front of: Yes     (NO)   Don't Know. 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Went through the sky silently.
b. Color White and slightly luminous.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1 inch.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not trace the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[The image includes a detailed handwritten sketch and description of the sighted object.]

The full text output of the form is:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Ja, as in the sky disappear from sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
1) moved behind: Yes    (NO)   Don't Know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) 
1) in front of: Yes     (NO)   Don't Know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Went through the sky silently. 
b. Color White and slightly luminous.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1 inch.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not trace the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observation of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes - No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes - No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): 
a. In a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes - No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One for each item)
a. Binoculars Yes - No
b. Sun glasses Yes - No
c. Windshield Yes - No
d. Window glass Yes - No
e. Eyeglasses Yes - No
f. Telescope Yes - No
g. Theodolite Yes - No
h. Other Yes - No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 11 -

The image appears to contain a diagram with instructions, but no photograph. The diagram shows a curved line representing the horizon, with angles labeled to indicate the position of an object above the horizon. There is also a compass rose diagram. The text below the diagram provides instructions for answering questions related to the diagram.

OCR Text:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS: Address, City, State, Zone 
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
AGE: 35 SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: 31   Month: 1   Year: 1967

- page 13 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from an old report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Feb 20, 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: I had noticed the object in question at approximately 8:15 p.m. on the evening of January 8, 1967. I had been outside when I first observed a bright light in the sky which seemed to be pulsing or flashing at a steady rhythmic rate. I watched this light for several minutes and it appeared to be moving in a northerly direction at a moderate speed. After a period of time, the light seemed to stop in mid-air and hover for a moment. The light then began to fade and grow dim, eventually disappearing altogether. The entire sighting lasted approximately 10-15 minutes. During the time I observed the object, the sky was clear and the weather was cool but dry. There were no other visible aircraft in the area at the time. I have no other specific details to add to the information already provided on the questionnaire form. The sighting was quite unusual and I would be interested in any additional information your office may be able to provide regarding similar sightings or the possible identification of the object I observed.

- page 14 -

