There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
6 Jan 67 - 1520 - 1523
2. LOCATION
Scarsdale, New York
3. SOURCE
Civilian (13)
4. SUBJECTS OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes
6. DESCRIPTION OF OBSERVATION
Observer watched a bright-white colored object move directly overhead. At this time a small aircraft was noted directly beneath the object, moving in a westerly direction. The object was round with a front portion and a tail section. Three or four lights were noted on the side, and a pulsating light was observed at the front portion.
7. CONCLUSION
Location of sighting is consistent with New York City air traffic. The description and also that of an aircraft observation are consistent with that of an aircraft observation.
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Long and thin. Sort of cigar-shaped. Three or four saw-like protrusions sticking out from front portion.
2. Size compared to known object: Size varied during period of observation, size of cigar-shaped portion was approximately the size of
3. Color: Bright silvery-white.
4. Number: One.
5. Formation, if more than one: N/A
6. Any discernible features or details: Other than protrusions mentioned above.
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
8. Sound: if heard, describe sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): None
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 20 deg. above horizon in the SE quadrant.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: 60 deg. above the horizon to the west.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text from the document:

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
Moved in a parabolic arc until sighting, then straight up until size of dime. Then downward to same area, then straight up until size of dime disappearing. 
6. How long (were) the object(s) visible:
Maximum of three minutes. Possibly as little as two minutes.
C. Manner of Observation:
Lying-visual
1. 
2. Optical Aids:
None
3.
D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting:
22-52 6 Jan 1967
2. Light conditions:
Night, Moon and stars clearly visible.
E. Location of Observer(s):
42 deg. N 73 deg. 48' west
F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: [Redacted]
3. Age: 13
4. Mailing Address: Scarsdale, N.Y.
5. Occupation: Student
6. Estimate of Reliability: Apparently reliable sighting.
2 Sighting confirmed by phone with observer's mother.

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that provides information on the weather and wind conditions at the time and place of a UFO sighting.

Transcript of text from the document:

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
Very clear.
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
Clear with more than fifteen miles visibility. Temp.-25 deg.F. Dew Point 14 deg F. Wind 070 deg. at 4 knots. Altimeter - 3032.
3. Ceiling: clear
4. Visibility: 15 miles
5. Amount of cloud cover: none
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: none
7. Vertical temperature gradient: From x 5000' up - Standard Lapse Rate. (Actual inv rsin from 1000' agl - 3500' agl for this distr.)
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: none
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting: None known.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Ledis H. Parge, Capt., USAF Investigating Officer. His comments indicate that the observed object had an unusual shape and motion, and that local radar was unable to detect the object. The report suggests that the object could have been some kind of early jet or experimental aircraft, but that the apparent protrusions could have been caused by insufficient information.

I. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None.

- page 5 -

