There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, specifically record 1967-01-8540416 from Issaquah, Washington.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP
19 Jan 67 2200-52
2. LOCATION
Issaquah, Washington
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground visual
7. COURSE
NE
8. PHOTOS
[] Yes
[x] No

9. EVIDENCE ANALYZED
[x] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted a long cigar shaped object, with portholes (shaped like the US subs). There was a high pitch engine sound. The color of the object was white-blue with a large green light in the middle. The object also had an exhaust.

FTD 54-20-0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. This seems to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon that the witness observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any research, analysis, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day___ Month___ Year___

2. Time of day:
Hour___ Minutes___
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
e. Other ___________

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address_____________, City or Town________, State or County________

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours___ Minutes___ Seconds___
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Looked at stopwatch 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes __ No __

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT: c. Bright d. Hazy e. Cloudy 

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various multiple choice questions about the observed object and weather conditions at the time.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Stationary, b. Moving, c. Disappear, d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply defined, c. Changing, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes, No, Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes, No, Don't know)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes, No, Don't know)
d. Give off smoke? (Yes, No, Don't know)
e. Change brightness? (Yes, No, Don't know)
f. Make a sound? (Yes, No, Don't know)
g. Flash or flicker? (Yes, No, Don't know)
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes, No, Don't know)

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified flying object. The sketch shows an elongated, cigar-shaped object with a series of circular protrusions along its length.

1967-01-8540416-Issaquah-Washington.pdf4.txt

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? a tree moved in front of it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what: a tree

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: a cigar/cylinder
b. Color: dark, like a dark metallic color

18. Try to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match stick. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick?
about 1/4 of the object's length

19. Draw a picture here which will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object (s) such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The sketch shows an elongated, cigar-shaped object with a series of circular protrusions along its length, and an arrow pointing to the right to indicate the direction of movement.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 220 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 7 feet or .45 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Out-of-doors (type) d. In an airplane e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In an open country side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes b. Sun glasses Yes c. Windshield Yes d. Window glass Yes e. Binoculars Yes f. Telescope Yes g. Theodolite Yes h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, containing diagrams and instructions for observers to sketch their observations of UFOs.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from an old UFO report document. 

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before?. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name, First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street, City, State, Zip Code
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 11 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Day Month Year

- page 7 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form filled out in handwriting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire are or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
Bright flickering object moving across the sky. Observed for approximately 45 minutes. Appeared to be luminous - not blinking lights. Moved in a smooth, curved path. Disappeared over the horizon.

- page 8 -

