The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. The document contains a photograph section, but there is no photograph present in this particular image. The text describes the observation of an object with 3 or 4 large red lights on the bottom, as well as some amber-colored lights that were not blinking. The observer was a civilian, and the conclusion states that the case had "Insufficient Clarity" due to the poor quality of the photos.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE : T GROUP 
20 Aug 67 varied
2. LOCATION
Clyde, New York
3. SOURCE 
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. PHOTOS
No 
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

10. CONCLUSION
Case: (CONFLICTING DATA) 
Photo: INSUFFICIENT CLARITY

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer: Civilian object that had 3 or 4 huge red lights on the bottom. There also seemed to be some amber light in the middle, on the top those were all or less blue lights that were not blinking.
Comments: The observer said that the town policeman also saw this object. The witness was contacted but reported that he had not seen any UFO's on the date in question. He did see UFO's on two other occasions but the observer of this case, due to the very poor quality of the photos, it was not necessary to submit them to the photo experts.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

22. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Clyde, N.Y. 14432
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 32 SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
had had a continuing interest since the age of 16, in visiting the area and reporting any further UFO activity within a 5 mile radius of this location, since previous observations over a period of 5 years had indicated a pattern of sightings & low level flights in this area which seemed to remain and operate within this immediate locale.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, featuring handwritten text providing details about a UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 DAY MONTH 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

On July 23, 1967 at about 8:15 pm, my wife and I were sitting in the backyard of our home on Wright Road, Clyde, New York, watching the sky as we often do. We noticed a bright red light in the northwest which appeared to be moving. The light appeared to be round like a basketball at arm's length and quite brilliant. It seemed to be about the size of a nickel held at arm's length. After watching it for a few minutes it appeared to stop or hover for a few seconds and then continued on its course. It seemed to get smaller as it moved away to the northwest. It had no blinking lights and made no sound that we could hear. It was visible for approximately 5 to 10 minutes. It was a very clear and starlit night and the object appeared to be at a high altitude. After it left our sight, we went indoors and I called the Williamson Air Force Base, about 15 miles north of us, to report the sighting. I was told by the person I spoke with that they had received no other reports of any unusual aerial activity in our area that evening. I have been a very interested sky-watcher for many years and this was the most unusual and unexplainable object I have ever observed. I am at a loss to identify it as anything manmade or of natural origin.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, with handwritten text on the page.

Project Blue Book was a series of studies on unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force from 1952 to 1969. This page is likely a part of one of those reports.

The text found on the page is as follows:

"Went Dogee That drive a Vee for wasbircy a few. Flew off in Whoch that come a bit nearer to me Where Knew by seeing Rrrace, but I don't hnow his name or onlv."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, which appears to be a questionnaire for reporting sightings of unidentified flying objects.

Ref ltr of Oct 67

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be associated with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 Aug 1967
2. Time of day: 12:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): b. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Clyde Central School, Clyde, Wayne, New York
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5-10 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? SEE QUE. 35
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES
6. What was the direction of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT: c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): b. To your left

The text produced by the OCR system is:

Ref ltr of Oct 67

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be associated with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 Aug 1967
2. Time of day: 12:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): b. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Clyde Central School, Clyde, Wayne, New York 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5-10 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? SEE QUE. 35
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES
6. What was the direction of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT: c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): b. To your left

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a questionnaire or form used for reporting UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vaper

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter 
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: NORTH STAR

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

The image contains a photograph of a document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). The document appears to be a questionnaire filled out by a witness regarding their UFO sighting.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? See Quesot 35

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: RED - BLUE - GREEN - BRIGHT BOTTOM  

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you have not performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
I do think it wouldn't have been more than half of it at all.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included showing the object's exhaust/vapor trails]

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of a UFO object.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK 1967-08-7404928-CLYDE-NEW YORK.PDF8.TXT

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 30-40 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? approx. 1000 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other (describe the location and any relevant details)

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telephoto lens Yes No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present on this page. It appears to be a document with instructions and diagrams related to the sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

They were industrial park - shape they were larger than air plane normal size - state police base shine flashlight on it - triangle shape - one light two inch thick - very bright - off after 10 minutes - no sound - very fast - Clyde place - could not identify - similar before? yes - hovering 25 to 30 feet off ground - no further details available.

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? YES
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Ronald h Covell
Mc/s 1150, Gen. Delivery, Clyde, NY 14433

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - Clyde 
ADDRESS - City
TELEPHONE NUMBER - Middle
AGE - 19 SEX - M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent: I would not like this reported in newspapers or magazines - see photo if possibls

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Date - 28 Day, July, 1967 
To - CLYDE POLICE FORCE

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document page from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 Oct 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a negative explanation of your sighting:

IF YOU WILL NEED FURTHER CORRESPONDENCE I WILL FIND ME DETAILED DESCRIPTIONS NOW WITH YOUR SITE AND ADDRESS

SEE ENCLOSURES IN FRONT CORRESPONDENCE

MORE -- THE PICTURES GETTING ENLARGED - REFER PAPER SENT MOVIE - PLEASE RETURN - IT IS OF MUCH VALUE

IF I CAN BE OF MORE HELP PLEASE LET ME KNOW

I GIVE NO NEGATIVE DETAILS AGAIN AND YOU WILL SEE ALL DETAILS.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. The text in the image states:

Case includes eight (8) 8"x10" photographs and two (2) 4"x5" negatives.

SMC

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a report documenting photographic data, likely related to a UFO sighting or investigation.

REF LTR OF OCT 67
PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA
1. Type and make of camera: D7 model 160, with light used
2. Focal length, and make of lens: Model 160
3. Brand and type of film: Polaroid type 3000 speed 47
4. Shutter speed used: 1/500 second
5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop: f/8
6. Filters used: none
7. Was tripod or solid stand used: yes
8. Was "panning" used: no
9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true north, and its angle of elevation with respect to the ground: South - east
10. If supplemental information is available, indicate the type and size of the "stop" used, the diameter of the camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop used: No supplemental information given
12. Estimate distance from camera to object photographed: 1 mile or less

There is handwritten text at the bottom of the page that states: "These details were not seem behind visual", and "Date suggest 8/7/67 at Clyde, New York. Gettysburg NY."

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten description of an unidentified object. The text states that the object "has no sound" and "seems to be saucer shape". It then provides details about the object's movements, noting "Great speed", "Stop on dime", and the time it was observed between 12:00 midnight and 12:30 a.m.

OBJECT HAS NO SOUND
SEEMS TO BE SAUCER SHAPE
GREAT SPEED
STOP ON DIME 
SEEN BETWEEN
12:00 MIDNIGHT
12:30 A.M.

- page 14 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting the "Bottom of U.F.O." The sketch shows an oval-shaped object with several features labeled, including "RED LIGHTS" and "AMBER LAND". There is no photograph present in this image.

Bottom of U.F.O.
SIDNEY  
- RED LIGHTS
- AMBER LAND

- page 15 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram of a UFO, described as "Top of UFO". The sketch shows a curved or elliptical shape with several dots or markings inside. The text below the sketch provides additional details, including the size of the UFO (100 feet long, 50 feet wide) and a reference to a "Contact (Home Tower Country Plaza - Geneva, N.Y.)".

OCR output:

TOP OF UFO
-- BLUE LIGHTS --
SEEM BEHAVE
CLYDE CENTRAL
SCHOOL
100 FEET LONG
50 FEET WIDE
IF WISHING TO CONTACT ME DURING MON-FRI
CONTACT (HOME TOWER COUNTRY PLAZA
GENEVA, N.Y.)

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, likely from August 1967, and consists solely of text.

Ocr output:

October 1967 PAGE 1

Major Hector Quintanilla
Director of Project Blue Book
Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

I know that you are a busy man and must get a great deal of mail about UFO sightings, but I am writing this letter to tell you about something that have seen that I have never seen before. Let me tell you what happened.

Last Sunday, August 27, I was up at the school and was looking up at the skies to see if I could see any weather balloons or aircraft that were in the area. The skies were clear and I could not see any type of object flying around. All of a sudden I saw six lights on the bottom of something that seem to be hovering over the school. At first I thought it might be a helicopter, but as I watched it I could see that it was not a helicopter. I have never seen anything like this before. The six lights were all in a row and seemed to be pulsating, and I could see no wings or tail, and there was no sound coming from the object.

As I watched, the object seemed to start moving slowly away from the school and then it suddenly shot off at a terrific speed and disappeared. I was really surprised and I am sure that no one else around here saw it, and if they did I am sure they would have reported it. I have never seen anything like this before and I am quite confident that it was not an aircraft that I have ever seen before. It seemed to be completely silent and the lights were very bright.

I am telling you this because I think that you and your staff should know about this incident. I have not discussed this with anyone else and I would appreciate it if you could keep this confidential. I would be glad to answer any questions that you might have about this incident.

The following diagrams that are enclosed in this letter are of the object that I saw. I have some snapshots of the object but they have to be enlarged to show the detail. If I can see them clearly, I will send you copies. I would appreciate it if you would return the diagrams to me after you have examined them. If you have any questions, please let me know.

Sincerely yours,
Major Hector Quintanilla

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The image consists of text written in a typewritten style.

Please do not hesitate in sending me data, or requesting to see my reports. thank you.
yours very truly
CLYDE,  NEW YORK 14433

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

TDBT/UFO (MAJ H QUINTINILLA/709l6/mhf/25 Oct 67)
UFO Observation and Photographs

Clyde, New York 14433

1. Reference your correspondence of October 1967 in which you reported your unidentified observation and subsequent photographs. Add to your original information the fact that your original letter and photographs are complete the attached photographic data sheet and PID Form 164 and return them with your photographs if you care to complete this matter.

2. In the future, if you should observe another unidentified flying object, please report it to the nearest USAF force installation, for they are in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and subsystems

2 Atcbs
1. PID Form 164 w/envelope
2. Photo Data Sheet

- page 19 -

The document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the United States Air Force regarding a UFO observation and photographs sent by someone in Clyde, New York on August 20, 1967.

The text in the document reads as follows:

TDPT (UFO) MAJ QUINTANILLA/70916/MHS/24 NOV 67

UFO OBSERVATION & PHOTOGRAPHS, 20 AUGUST 1967

Clyde, New York 14433

Reference your "sightings" of an unidentified flying object on 20 Aug 1967, as in the DTD Form 152 that you filled out. This office has no film of the object. We would appreciate your completed envelope and film enclosed. This will enable us to forward the subject to the proper laboratories for analysis. The materials provided are not quite enough. Upon completion of analysis we will return your photographs and film undamaged.

Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
Photo Data Sheet
w/envelope

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Text found in the document:

DEPT (UFO) Maj Quintanilla/70916/mha/29 Jan 68
UFO Observation & Photographs, 20 August 1967

Clyde, New York 14433

1. Reference your observation and photographs of an unidentified flying object (UFO) on 20 August 1967. The present that there is no evidence to support the fact that this was an actual UFO. Enclosed are your Polaroid photographs and two enlargements.

2. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 21 -

The image provided does not contain any discernible photograph. It appears to be a black and white document or image with a grainy, blurred texture covering the entire frame.

Extracted Text:
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

Project Blue Book
Special Report No. 14

SECRET

15 March 1955

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, dated November 3, 1967, addressed to a witness in Clyde, New York. The text of the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DETT/UFO                      NOV 3 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 20 August 1967

TO: Clyde, New York 14433

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 20 August 1967, would you please complete the attached PID Form 166 and return it in the enclosed envelope. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
DIRECTOR OF TECHNOLOGY AND SUBSYSTEMS

- page 23 -

The image appears to be a blank page with no visible photograph or text. It seems to be a scanned document page with a solid gray background and no discernible content.

Text from the document:
(No text found)

- page 24 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page or a page with a solid grey background.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I can output the following text found in the document:

None

The document appears to be devoid of any textual content based on the image provided.

- page 25 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph, but it does not contain any clear or identifiable objects. The image shows a grainy, textured surface that appears to be a photograph or document, but there is no distinct subject or visual information that can be discerned.

OCR Text Output:

NO TEXT AVAILABLE

This document appears to contain only a photographic image with no visible text that can be extracted through optical character recognition (OCR).

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page, with no visible image or text.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE

AFN 24E-6 
8 July 1967

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO:    Commanding General
        Aerospace Defense Command
        Ent Air Force Base, Colorado 80912

1. Forwarded herewith is a report of an unidentified flying object, submitted by the witness.

2. In accordance with Air Force Regulation 80-17, you are requested to investigate this report and provide the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force with your evaluation and findings.

3. The report is forwarded for your information and necessary action.

FOR THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE:

ROBERT H. CURRIE, Colonel, USAF
Director of Legislative Liaison

Atch: 
Report of Unidentified Flying Object

- page 27 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank or completely obscured image, possibly due to the quality or scanning process of the document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output the text present in the document:

There is no discernible text in the provided image.

- page 28 -

The image appears to be a grainy, black and white photograph that does not depict any clear or distinct subject. The photograph shows a mostly uniform, textured background with some faint lines or patterns visible. There is no discernible object, person, or other identifiable element in the image.

CLYDE, N.Y. 
Aug. 7, 1967
(PHONE CALL)

Subject received a phone call from Mr. J_____ at 9:30 p.m. on Aug. 7, 1967 advising that he had observed an unusual flying object in the sky near Clyde, N.Y. around 8:30 p.m. that evening.

Mr. J_____ stated that the object appeared to be round or disc-shaped and was very bright, emitting a brilliant glow. He said it was in the sky for several minutes before shooting off at a very high rate of speed. He could not estimate the size or altitude of the object.

Subject advised Mr. J_____ to report his observation to the local police department, which he said he would do. Subject obtained no further information.

- page 29 -

The image contains no visible photograph. It appears to be a blank page with a white background and some faint gray lines or patterns, possibly damage or wear on the page.

OCR OUTPUT:
There is no textual content on this page that can be extracted by an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Police Department letterhead.

POLICE DEPARTMENT
Municipal Building 
New York 14433
11-20-67
2 Hyde, N.Y. 14433

Dear Sirs:

I saw an ad on the date mentioned your letter, but I waited not yes stated that I write until the 23-11-67.

I'm not very good explaining this properly. So I hope that you can show them where I can see them and explain this better.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a project blue book report, containing a questionnaire for a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning any unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? July 13, 1967
2. Time of day: 6:00 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Clyde, New York, Wayne County
5. How long was object in sight? (Time: Duration) Hours 0 Minutes 2 Seconds 5 
5.1 How was the light determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was it seen continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): c. In back of you

- page 32 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. A few
c. Dim
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: As bright as s full moon 600ft high & 300ft across

12. The edge of the object was:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Sudden and abrupt paths or changes in speed or direction?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object disappeared without a change in appearance.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? YES. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? NO. Don't Know. 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound did not hear anything 
b. Color white 
c. Size about the size of a quarter held at arm's length

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how many match heads would have covered the object? 3-4 match heads

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object not you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. (The sketch is included in the image.)

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The page appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting, with various questions and check boxes for the witness to fill out.

Transcription of the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50-55 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate, how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2000-3000 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. in a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) East
24.2 How fast were you moving? 10 mph approx.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyes - Yes
b. Sun glasses - Yes
c. Binoculars - Yes
d. Windshield - Yes
e. Window glass - Yes
f. Telescope - Yes
g. Theodolite - Yes
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A bright silver, metallic, saucer-shaped object. It appeared quite far away and was moving slowly across the sky.

- page 35 -

The image contains a page from a UFO report document that appears to be part of Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page, only various sketches and diagrams. The document appears to be asking the viewer to perform various tasks related to UFO sightings, such as estimating the height of an object above the horizon, drawing the motion of an object, and indicating the direction of travel for multiple objects.

OCR Text Output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
The object was stationary

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 7 to 8 or 28
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 36 -

