The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GRP: 9 Ape 67 
2. LOCATION: Platteville, Colorado
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: Straight flight
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Possible balloon (vague)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Witness saw a small, round, reddish object traveling slowly and silently in a straight path. The object could not be identified.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a project blue book UFO report document.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPCP
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attention.

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: Dome
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at arm's length: Pea
(3) Color: Reddish
(4) Number: One
(5) Formation, if more than one: not more than one
(6) Any discernible features or details: Pulsating (regularly)
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
(8) Sound: If heard, describe sound: None
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Not available from origin.

Date: 3 April 1967
Place: Colorado Springs, Colorado

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph included in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains only text describing the details of the reported UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

b. Description of course of Object(s):

(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? 
Seen while looking for them on a flight.

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed.
12 - 15,000 feet.

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
No certain course visible.

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
Straight level flight.

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Faded to south southwest.

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc)
5 minutes.

c. Manner of Observation:

(1) Was one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground-electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)
Ground-visual.

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.
none used

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
-

d. Time and date of sighting:

(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting.
05/0442 - 0811 67

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph or image. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, possibly a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I can output the text found in the document:

Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

1. Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).

2. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting. Unable to locate object.

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

Charles Hyde Meyer USAF

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Text extracted from the document:

(3) Light conditions: (use of the following terms: Night, day,
a. Location of Observer(s): Exact latitude and longitude of each observer,
and/or geographical position. A position with reference to a known landmark
also should be given in detailed reports, such as NW 1 mi N of Roswell; "inside
transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.
EXAMPLE: 89 14N, 192 7W for 39 14N, 102 21W.

1/2 mile south of town, Plaza, Colo.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of
reliability: (deleted), (deleted), (deleted), (deleted) Sane, farmer

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of
reliability:  

g. Weather and winds -- Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Clear.

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind
direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 15,000', 
20,000', 35,000', 50,000', and 80,000' if available.

(3) Ceiling: Clear. 

(4) Visibility: 25.

(5) Amount of cloud cover: None.

(6) Thunderstorms in area or quadrant in which located: None. Sun 415.

- page 5 -

