The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a record from Project 10973. The document details the sighting of a possible aircraft on 30/05/002 near New Matamoras, Ohio. The brief summary and analysis section describes the observed object as appearing like a solid light that was brighter compared to a star. The object moved behind a tree and had no sound. The color of the object is described as varied.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 30/05/002
2. LOCATION: New Matamoras, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer stated object appeared like a solid light. Brightness was compared to that of a star. It appeared to be brighter. The object of the object wore fuzzy and blurred. Object moved behind a tree. Object had no sound. Color: Varied.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The OCR output of the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes
No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED], OHIO

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED], LOGAN, PENN, Bennionville, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 15
SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special occupations, which might be pertinent.
I have moved since the 8/16/67 incident. My former address was [REDACTED].

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Diary entries
10/8/67 
Month 
Aug 
Year 
1967
Approximately 9:30

- page 2 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

THE LIGHTS WERE QUITE ERRATIC IN THEIR MOVEMENT.
THERE WAS NO SOUND, AS WOULD HAVE BEEN THE CASE HAD
THEY BEEN AIRCRAFT. THE SPEED OF THE OBJECTS SEEMED
VERY HIGH. I COMPARED IT TO OTHER PLANES IN THAT
AREA, AND IT WAS DEFINITELY FASTER THAN ANYTHING
I HAD EVER SEEN.  THESE OBJECTS MADE NO SOUND AT ALL. IT WAS QUITE A SIGHT THAT SEEMED WOULD HAVE TRAVELLED
AT HIGH SPEED.

YOU HAVE MY PERMISSION TO USE ANY OF THIS INFORMATION IN ANY PUBLICATIONS AND ALSO TO USE MY NAME. THIS IS AS CLOSE TO A PERSONAL DESCRIPTION AS I CAN GIVE.

- page 3 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official document regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDZT/UFO                                                 SEP 6 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation   29 AUG 67

New Matamoras, Ohio

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MARART, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
AFD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
First Ont. 9:00
1. When did you see the object? 27 Aug. 1967 
2. Time of day: 9:15 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? New Matamoras, Washington County, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration) 1 sec
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _X_ No __
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day: (Circle One) Bright Cloudy b. NIGHT: Bright Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right
FTD FORM OCT 42 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

Transcribed text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Flashing lights second - flashing lights

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Slightly sharp
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes
d. Give off smoke? Yes
e. Change in brightness? Yes
f. Change shape? Yes
g. Flicker? Yes
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten report form with questions and answers about a reported UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this page of the document.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
Second objects stopped then disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):
Yes    No    Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the -abject move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes    No    Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound No sound
b. Color Lights of red to white flashing erratically

18. Was wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Covered over 10 inches before it was much larger

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. 
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing showing "First object", "Solid darkness", and "Second object" moving from left to right.]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a report or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting. 

Transcription of the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) (Yes) First - 150 to 175 - then jet like
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? the tail of some object 5 to 6 times circle of light

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One) 
c. In open countryside?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
c. East

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop or slow down at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A missile or cigar shaped object

Second objects were larger, shaped what

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a diagram and various annotations.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Two objects.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

TEXT OUTPUT:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Two objects.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document.

According to the OCR output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before - if so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
32. Please list their names and addresses.

Second Sightings: 
(mother) Mrs.
(my sister) 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 16 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special occupations, which might be pertinent.
Have read books on UFOs

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Right between 8-8:30
Day 8 Year 67

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document with handwritten text.

Text in the document:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 Sept 62
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Two different sightings
The first both my sister and I saw for 15 to 30 seconds
It was red, oblong shaped, to stop behind the trees then speed away
Numerous flashing lights at either end of object shape spastic flashing
Exp - 6 at one end 7 at the other then got the end where there were 2 more
No second

Second sighting
Two different objects, appeared below horizon, with four reddish white lights underneath, seemed to be moving slowly, and they separated could move so slow and stay in sky almost 30 minutes 1 was a little lower than the other a little above it.
Seemed to disappear when it slipped over Mt.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR text output:

IDPT/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70915/mna/4 Oct 67)
UFO Observation, 29 August 1957

FAA Control Tower
Petersburg Municipal Airport
Petersburg, West Virginia 26542

1. The Aerial Phenomena Branch is investigating an unidentified flying object report from New Matamoras, Ohio which occurred on 29 August 1957 at approximately 9:15 PM EDT. The observer described the object as flashing lights, one flew north to south and two others flew south to north.

2. If there was any unusual air activity in the area at the time, such as aerial maneuvering, helicopters, etc, or if normal air traffic was in the area, such information would be helpful.

3. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANAITI, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 12 -

The shared image contains a blurry, indistinct black object or shape in the lower portion of the frame. There does not appear to be any other visible content or elements in the image.

"To show director an Ohio area"

- page 13 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire regarding the sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please answer all questions to the best of your ability. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We may contact you for further details if it is deemed necessary.

1. When did you see the object? 21 AUG 195 
2. Time of day: 6:25 Minutes A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: c. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEW MATAMORAS, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes 20 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? To your left

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a questionnaire-style form.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Remained normal b. Disappeared c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. As a light e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [Handwritten text]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? (YES/NO/Don't know) b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (YES/NO/Don't know) c. Break up into parts or explode? (YES/NO/Don't know) d. Give off smoke or steam? (YES/NO/Don't know) e. Change brightness? (YES/NO/Don't know) f. Change shape? (YES/NO/Don't know) g. Flash or flicker? (YES/NO/Don't know) h. Disappear and reappear? (YES/NO/Don't know)

- page 15 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Gradually faded out (suddenly fades out)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Ruseling (sic) sound
b. Color White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/4 the length of the match

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(A hand-drawn sketch showing a roughly circular object)

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and options for the witness to fill out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield?  e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 When direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No  c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing diagrams and instructions for sketching the motion of an observed object as well as questions regarding the number of objects seen.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

OCR Output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

ABOUT 4 MILES WEST OF CITY LIMITS

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED], [REDACTED] CITY, [REDACTED] ZONE 21 STATE
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 15 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to when did you report that you had seen the object?
Day ______ Month ______ Year ______

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 AUG 67
Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

A strange flow over the farm almost as bright as the moon. A brightly lighted object flying or hovering over the farm for quite a while and giving off blinding light.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a letter or document from the Federal Aviation Agency's Flight Service Station in Parkersburg, West Virginia, dated October 9, 1967. The text in the document states that they have no record or knowledge of any unusual air activity of the type mentioned in the area on August 29, 1967.

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
Flight Service Station
Parkersburg, West Virginia

October 9, 1967

FTD (TDET/UFO)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

We have no record or knowledge of any unusual air activity of the type you mentioned in this area on the evening of August 29, 1967.

Clyde E. Brown, Chief
Parkersburg FSS

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an official document of the Department of the Air Force, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 

UFO Observation   22 Aug 67

TO: New Matamoras, Ohio

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire, likely part of Project Blue Book, regarding a sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 8-9-1967
2. Time of day: 9:15 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near Matamoras, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was it timed determined? Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Clear NIGHT: Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. Overhead e. Don't remember

FTD FORM Oct 42 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: THE OBJECT WAS AS BRIGHT AS A AIRCRAFT LIGHT - SEEN CLEARLY

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes  No  Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes  No  Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes  No  Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes  No  Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes  No  Don't know

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, likely from 1967, containing a form with questions and responses about a UFO sighting.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It sure did as it went way up, then it was gone.

15. Did the object move fast, or slowly, at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one):   Yes      Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one):   Yes      Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no sound
b. Color: Gray Brownish color - getting lighter
c. Size: About 4-5 feet across, shape about square
d. Movement: Hovered, then went up and was gone
e. Duration: From 3 to 5 minutes

18. We wish to know the details, etc. Hold a match stick or man's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object it covers. If you had performed this experiment, what percentage of the match or man's length would the object have covered?
about 1/2 the length of match almost.

19. Draw a picture to show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the scene you observed, such as objects, horizons, etc., and especially clouds or vapor trails. Please indicate by an arrow the direction the object was moving.

* Respondent's Initials *

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

ABOUT 5.5 TO 6 MINUTES STEADY PASS OVER WITH BRIGHT LIGHTS AROUND. 1967-08-7408668-NEWMATAMORAS-OHIO

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a technical drawing or diagram. The diagram appears to be related to an object or objects observed in the sky, including information about their angle, location, and motion. The text in the image is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass to show where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during this course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _______
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The response provided here reflects the image and text content, excluding any identification of individuals, as requested.

- page 27 -

