The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document related to a UFO sighting or report, likely part of Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 8/23/52-2300
2. LOCATION: DENVER, COLORADO
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 25 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
7. COURSE: SOUTHWEST (225 DEGREE)
8. PHOTOS: YES 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: YES
10. CONCLUSION: PROBABLE AIRCRAFT - MET ALL THE CONDITIONS OF AN AIRCRAFT SIGHTING EXCEPT THAT IT WAS OBSERVED TOO LONG AT TOO SLOW A SPEED FOR NORMAL AIRCRAFT.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR:

(2) Light Conditions: (use on or of the following terms: Night, day,
and/or season).

a. Location of Observer(s): Exact latitude and longitude of each observer,
also should be given in electrical report, such as "2mi W of Danville, 33mi
S" or file lane limits. Topographical errors or "squabling" often results in electrically
transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

EXAMPLE: 89 15N, 102 71W for 39 15N, 102 21W.

g. Summary of Case (Apparent Events):

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of
reliability: 
(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of
reliability:

g. Weather and winds -- Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
139 degrees 4 knots.

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Clear.
(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind
direction and velocity, remarks and notes at surface, 6,000', 12,000', 15,000',
20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' if available.
(3) Ceiling: Clear.
(4) Visibility: 25.
(5) Amount of cloud cover: None.
(6) Thunderstorms in area of quadrant in which located: None. Code 42.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely a USAF form titled "Project 10073 Record" which contains information about a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
2. LOCATION
DENVER, COLORADO (APPROX)
10. CONCLUSION
ASTRO (VENUS) VERY PROB IDENT
VENUS has an elevation of 4 degrees, azimuth of 282 degrees, at time of sighting.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Objects observed as a light beam. Venus was probably the object observed. Conditions were clear and bright.
COURSE
Stationary
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The image appears to be a form or questionnaire for reporting unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

LVEWI TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XFCP
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)
TO: Denver, Colo.
6 Apr. 67

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attention:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: Light, white
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: head of a pin, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length: Same as small.
(3) Color: White, changing to red and back to white.
(4) Number: One
(5) Formation, if more than one: -
(6) Any discernible features or details: Very bright with bright bulb.
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None.
(8) Sound. If heard, describe sound: None.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: None.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

"Be. Description of course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? 
__________t there ware objects in the sky at this time

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first 
observed.____________303 feg above horizon (horizon)

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
_______________Same as (2) above

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s). 
____________________stationary

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
____________________Disappeared to north

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)
____________________15 minutes 

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, 
ground-electronic, air-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)
___________________ground - visual

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) 
used and description thereof. _____no aids used

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, 
identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
__________________n/a

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting. __27/0425Z A PR 1967"

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

a. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.  
b. Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing air defense directives).
c. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight or any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.
d. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s). The observer stated that she and her husband had sighted some objects on several occasions recently and it appeared to have occurred in the last few days.
l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.
None.

- page 6 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

(2) Lnitch condigions. (use one of the following terms: night, day, dawn, dusk)

Location of Observer(s) - Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, as shown in previous position also elevation if known.
3 miles NW ?, 2.3 miles N of Devilins", 3.3 miles S of "Blue Lake".
Typographical errors or "garbling" often results in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

EXAMPLE: 39 14N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.
[Redacted], Denver, Colo

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, address, telephone number, and estimate of reliability.
[Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted]

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.

g. Weather and winds -- Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
10,000 feet

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
[Redacted]

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind
direction and velocity increase and notes at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' if available.
10 knots 20,000'

(3) Ceiling: 25,000 feet
(4) Visibility: 20 miles 
(5) Amount of cloud cover: 10,000 feet
(6) Thunderstorms in area 3rd quadrant in which located.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be a photograph included in this page of the UFO report document. The page contains only textual information describing various agencies that were contacted regarding the UFO report, and their responses.

Here is the text from the document:

1. The following agencies were contacted in regards to this UFO report in an attempt to determine if the object was an aircraft, fixed-wing or helicopter:

a. Interstate Helicopters (blue and white chopper): Negative - aircraft has not flown during past week.
b. Cutter Aviation (green chopper): Negative - neither chopper nor light aircraft airborne during that period.
c. Carco: Negative - nothing airborne in that vicinity. They did report hearing (on radio) a trip-pager call in at approximately 2245 MST for landing at Kirland arriving from that direction.
d. Alameda Airport: Seven Bar Aviation: Negative - nothing airborne during that period.
e. Coronado Airport - Southwest Skyways: Negative - nothing airborne.
f. Flight Service Station (FSS-FAA): Negative - no helicopter or flight plans, transient or local, during that period. (Individual on duty very reluctant to look up desired information)
g. FAA Tower (very cooperative): The tower personnel on duty at the time reported watching a bright light in that vicinity for approximately 10-15 minutes duration. A check with ATC Center revealed it to be a jet commander, inbound from the northeast, with high intensity strobe lights mounted on fuselage. Following identification of the object, the tower personnel turned their attention elsewhere. This sighting coincides with the time period in Mrs. Coy's report.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects. 

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output all the text found in the document:

report. (The glare created by the strobe lights would probably distort the shape of the object being viewed.)

I have personally witnessed the igniting beacon on top of the Empire State Building of an airborne distance in excess of 75 miles at night in atmospheric conditions less desirable than those which prevailed on the night of the sighting.

At jet altitudes, high intensity strobe lights would be visible at distances well in excess of 100 miles, possibly 200 miles. An aircraft approaching Albuquerque from that direction would maintain a fairly constant relative bearing towards the viewer and with head winds varying between 50 and 75 knots, would be visible for a considerable length of time - 20 to 40 minutes. During its approach, while maintaining a constant bearing, it would appear to weave from side to side and up and down due to airspeed, course and altitude deviations.

2. Since missiles were not in the area and free balloons cannot travel against the wind and all available information indicates that the sighting was indeed the strobe light, equipped jet commander, this incident is considered closed.

CHARLES H. VAN DIVER, Capt. USAF
Chief of Safety

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:
(3) Angle of elevation of object(s) upon disappearance.
(Use theodolite or compass measurement if possible.)
8 deg. 5 min.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s)
(Use elevations and azimuth, not altitude.)
Hovered, moved fast in straight line, then hovered again.
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, for example.)
Disappeared instantaneously to the northwest.
(6) How long were the object(s) visible? (Be specific-- 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)
45 mins.
c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items:
Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic.
(If electronic, specify type of radar.)
Ground visual
(2) Statement as to optical aids (Telescopes, binoculars, etc. used and description thereof.)
No optical aids used.
(3) If the sighting occurred while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
Not applicable
d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Greenwich date-time group of sighting and local time.
25022Z/022208 local

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969. The document is an "Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) - Outline of Reporting Format" and provides a reporting format for observers to describe their sightings.

There is no photograph present in the image.

Text from the document:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) - Outline of Reporting Format
(AFR 80-17, 19 Sep 66)

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: Disc
(2) Size compared to a known object: Two to a large aircraft
(3) Color: Shiny with a flashing red and white lights
(4) Number: 1
(5) Formation, if more than one: None
(6) Any discernible features or details: None
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including its size: None
(8) Sound: None
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: None

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the objects: Irregular light reflecting as though from a highly polished object. Moved and then hovered.
(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: (Use theodolite or compass measurement if possible.)
Elevation: Approximately 60 degrees
Azimuth: Approximately 100 degrees

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report on unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as part of Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

LOWRY TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, 80230, Colorado

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPCP

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:
When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attention XPCP.

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: Flat
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
(3) Color: Dark blue, white, gray, yellow
(4) Number: 1
(5) Formation, if more than one: None
(6) Any discernible features or details: None
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
(8) Sound. If heard, describe sound: None
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Changing color

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.
Vertical temperature gradient.
Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, that might account for the sighting.
Intercepion or identification action taken (such action is authorized whenever feasible and in compliance with existing air defense directives).
Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area that might possibly account for the sighting.
Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document, containing text describing the location of observers, identifying information for the observers, and weather and wind conditions at the time and place of the sighting.

(2) Light conditions (use one of the following terms: night, day, dawn, dusk):

a. Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude coordinates, or map geographic position in electrical reports; give a position with reference to a known landmark location, if available.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian -- Name, age, mailing address, occupation, education and religion, if applicable.
(2) Military -- Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.

g. Weather and Winds-Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
(2) Report from nearest AWS or US Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' if available.
(3) Ceiling:
(4) Visibility:
(5) Amount of cloud cover:

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reported UFO sightings.

The text in the document reads as follows:

SAFOICC/Mrs Cassel/jea/79079/17 Apr 67
APR 17 1967

Dear -

The Secretary of Defense referred your letter concerning the unidentified flying object (UFO) which you have sighted to our office for reply.

Within the Department of Defense the Air Force has the responsibility of investigating UFO reports to us and determining whether or not these objects constitute a threat to our national security. This program is carried out under the direction of Project Blue Book which is explained in the attached brochure.

Project Blue Book personnel at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, report that they have not received any UFO reports from your area.

I have attached an FTD Form 154 which is used in officially reporting a sighting to the Air Force. If you will complete this form as an attempt will be made to evaluate the sighting in your area. You may use the attached envelope to mail the completed form.

I hope this information will be of interest to you.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments (SF/FTD/envelope)

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter addressed to "Dear Mich" which discusses some personal matters. As an OCR system, I will extract the text from the document:

Dear Mich

For a bellaman
Robert J. McNamara
Washington D.C.

Dear Sir:

I am writing your concerning the C.R.C. of which I am assistant director. I would like to direct this letter to written once in on change of movement of them now.

I remain sincere allow these there in the lengthy subject to unravel them I thought at handed a couple week store and I called. (over)

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Produced text from the document:

Slightly strange to see # 10 gauge wires engaged by something now motion I might indicate to method control and getting tapes and longer arc it terminal strength west handling real height and disregarded when instant moon it was actually still don't want contact for several but very watchful downwind more to might moment change color rather the north west new ones already can use the other one too good on there. There a story about 4 miles home on residents and lighter to some three the tip.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it only shows handwritten text.

Transcribed text from the image:

" 22 3 Unidentified lights were seen Floating Over a residential area being observed by many witnesses. There was another bright light which had beams radiating from it and it seemed to be another object that was being observed at the same time. First man said he had his hand on the key of his car to leave and he got his kid and went but he'd just move it just a little ways while he went and got his wife and when he came back out the lights were dimmer but they were still there. They were only in sight for around 5 minutes, what, whenever it was possible for them to be in sight-not too long. I heard Gillen say in the flight and said them too. I don't understand why the very same element doesn't air commit the same information. "

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

730 p.m. in flight 
Pack Friday night special 37 car 3 
was stopping home 34 miles long on Edis 
morning 23 - 24th. I looked up and 
see something quite bright. it seemed a 
mile or more of bright light on the north 
sky. it seemed quite large. a moment
more I saw this rather light flash up 
again just a [unreadable] moment. It seemed 
me and as I was not going to disturb it as
by chance too light - bright star. It started
me and as I was not going to disturb it as 
by chance too light - bright star. It started
that way and went [unreadable] lights up to 6.5 inches appeared
to be from 30 to 45 point east and then I got to 
[unreadable] and then I turn south. I return flight as
usual not a moment as I could not [unreadable] to 
normal the fight seemed change and
blinking and whatnot.
all very mystical and what I saw seemed 
not near or as it seemed to me.

- page 19 -

The image appears to contain handwritten text, but no photograph is present. As per the OCR instructions, I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

As you would be something to a new friend, I wonder at what level things are at, and thinking of what was said, someone or something is considered with the wording in the conversation if the election live will avoid to coming from will design.

I hope you will read my letter and give it to whatever its destination. If it may be some good to anyone, that would please me. Thinking you, I remain

Dear Walsh
4-9-23

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE UFO FORM CONTINUED

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. On the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/rural?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North    b. East    c. South    d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)   Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Binoculars    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No
e. Telescope    Yes    No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give a clearer picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or aircraft which, when placed up to the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a blurry irregular shape no marked features a very faint glow-light.

- page 21 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains a form with various questions about a reported UFO sighting, but there is no photograph included.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Descriptionof disappearance
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes  No Don't know   If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind a cloud
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know   If you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Steady
b. Color Bright red then pale yellow
18. We wish to know the angular size, hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object, and note how much of the object was covered by the match stick. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick?
About 3/4 of full
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

Description of course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
Just looking

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed. 
SOUTHWFST

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
No Sound

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc)
25 minutes

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use case or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground - electronic, air electronic. ( If electronic, specify type of radar.)
N/A

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
N/A

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting. 03/73-521 - 57

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements other than the text of the "URGE UFO FORM". As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text from the document:

URGE UFO FORM
Page 1

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Mostly cloudy
c. Hazy, mist, or light rain
d. Overcast or heavy rain
e. Snow
f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
the stars had shapes like they were burning fuel

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?            Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and then slow down or stop?  Yes   No   Don't know
c. Change direction?                           Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke?                             Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change brightness?                          Yes   No   Don't know
f. Have a trail or tail?                        Yes   No   Don't know
g. Disappear suddenly?                          Yes   No   Don't know

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, specifically a questionnaire for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as fully as possible. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we can contact you for further details if necessary.

1. When did you see the object? 3-9-67
2. Time of day: 6:55 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Daylight Saving f. Standard g. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEW YORK CITY, NY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration): 0 Hours 5 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 How was object first observed? Stationary
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? Night a. Clear b. Hazy c. Overcast
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To the left of the object c. To the right of the object d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 25 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Force UFO form, which is a document used to collect information about unidentified flying object sightings.

Here is the text found in the document:

Air Force UFO form continued

33. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date, and location.

YES

34. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES NO

31-1. If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
YES NO

31-2. Please list their names and addresses.

COLAS FLUSHING

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: REDACTED
ADDRESS: REDACTED 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: REDACTED
AGE: 175
SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
APRIL 1, 1967

- page 26 -

The image contains a diagram and accompanying text, but does not appear to contain any photograph. The diagram shows an illustration of an object moving through the air, with angles and a direction indicator. The text provides instructions related to the diagram, such as indicating where to place an "A" and draw a picture to show the motion of the object.

Regarding the text in the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the ground line (horizon) at the place where the object disappeared from view. Point B is on the same horizon line as A. Draw a line from B to the point where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, with handwritten text describing a UFO sighting.

Official U.S. Air Force
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 April 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Object moved west then turned 10 E.
It stopped moved forward + was observed by a chimney.
I watched but it was too dark to make out any detail at another light at the same time.
Forward it stopped + then was observed to move straight up.

- page 28 -

This page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book does not contain a photograph. The image shows a form titled "Air Force UFO form continued" with various questions and answer options.

Air Force UFO form continued
23. Where were you located when you saw the object?
In the business section of a city?
In the residential section of a city?
In the country?
In an open country side?
On an airfield?
Flying over the city?
Flying over the open country?
Other

24. If the object was moving in an automobile or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
(1) About what speed would you estimate the object was moving in miles per hour?
(2) In what direction was it going?
(3) From what direction did it come?
(4) About how long was it in sight?
(5) Was its flight level, climbing, diving, or irregular?

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
Binoculars
Camera
Telescope
Telescope on tripod
Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object with which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text of the document has been extracted and provided below.

Air Force UFO form continued

23. Where were you located when you saw the object?
In the business section of a city?
In the residential section of a city?
In the country? 
In an open country side?
On an airfield?
Flying over the city?
Flying over the open country?
Other

24. If the object was moving in an automobile or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
(1) About what speed would you estimate the object was moving in miles per hour? 
(2) In what direction was it going?
(3) From what direction did it come?
(4) About how long was it in sight?
(5) Was its flight level, climbing, diving, or irregular?

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
Binoculars
Camera
Telescope
Telescope on tripod
Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object with which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a questionnaire or form for witnesses to describe their observations.

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? (If so, how?) 
Yes, it started straight away and when I looked again there was nothing

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: DARK METALLIC, LIGHT GREY

18. What was the size of the object compared to the known size of the object you saw? (For example, if the object is covered by the head of a match, if you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?)
I would have covered the size of a small car.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can such as wings, fuselage, etc., and especially any tail or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch of an elongated object with fins or protrusions]

- page 30 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph contained within the image, only a UFO reporting form.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

2. MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight—pitch dark
d. Can't remember

3. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky
b. Few b. Cloudy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry
b. Fog, mist or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Can't remember

The object appeared: (Circle One): A. Light  B. Dull  C. Flash  D. Pulsating  E. Vapor

If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): Yes  Don't know

[Handwritten notes fill out the rest of the form.]

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" that is part of a Project Blue Book report.

OCR output of the text in the document:

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENA THAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED. THE INFORMATION WILL BE USED FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES. YOUR NAME WILL NOT BE USED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY STATEMENTS, CONCLUSION, OR PUBLICATION WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION. WE REQUEST THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THAT IF IT IS DEEMED NECESSARY, WE MAY CONTACT YOU FOR FURTHER DETAILS.

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE OBJECT? 2-6-60 YEAR

2. TIME OF DAY:  ____ : ____ HOURS (CIRCLE ONE) A.M. OR P.M.

3. TIME ZONE: (CIRCLE ONE) EASTERN CENTRAL MOUNTAIN PACIFIC OTHER _______

4. WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE OBJECT? WATERTON COLORADO STATE OR COUNTY

5. HOW LONG WAS OBJECT IN SIGHT? (TOTAL DURATION) __0__ HOURS __0__ MINUTES __0__ SECONDS

6. WHAT WAS THE SIZE AND SHAPE OF THE OBJECT? DAYLIGHT NIGHT CIRCULAR

7. IF SEEN DURING DAYLIGHT, WHERE WAS THE SUN LOCATED IN RELATION TO THE OBJECT? (CIRCLE ONE) a. IN FRONT OF YOU b. TO YOUR LEFT c. BEHIND YOU d. TO YOUR RIGHT e. DON'T REMEMBER

- page 32 -

This page appears to be from an official U.S. Air Force UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

Transcribing the text on the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 April, 1968

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object was triangular in shape, approximately 100 x 50 feet in diameter, which is larger than the average aircraft. The object then moved out of my binocular view, then reappeared briefly near the western horizon. They were traveling in a westerly direction at a very high rate of speed. The object appeared to be metallic or shiny and did not appear to flash or blink like aircraft normally do. It maintained a steady orange-red glow the entire time I observed it.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

hr. any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

Interpretation of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).

Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting. 

Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

NONE

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, If so give date or dates and location.  
May 6, 1960 
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (circle one)  Yes  No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (circle one)    Yes    No

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION: Bluefire, Walden, Iowa, 52073

22. Please give the following information about yourself:  
NAME: [REDACTED]  
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]  
AGE: 35  MALE

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "Air Force UFO form continued" which contains various questions and checkboxes related to the observer's experience with the UFO sighting.

Air Force UFO form continued

1. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes (Estimate: ___)

2. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

3. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes (No)

4. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

5. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Other: ______________________________________________ 

6. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
6.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
6.2 How fast were you moving? ________ (miles per hour)
6.3 Did the object stay in any one place while you were looking at it? Yes No

7. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle All That Apply)
a. Binoculars Yes No e. Telescope Yes No
b. Gun sight Yes No f. Telephoto lens Yes No
c. Sighting scope Yes No g. Other: ________________________________

8. In your own words can you give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw. Describe in your own words a common object or phenomenon to which you would compare the object which you saw. 
The object was a dark, reddish-orange light which appeared to be coming from a high altitude. It seemed to be moving in a zigzag pattern and was visible for approximately 5 to 10 minutes. The size was comparable to a basketball at arm's length. No distinct outline or shape was observed, just a bright light. As I watched, the light suddenly disappeared from view.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form titled "Official U.S. Air Force UFO report". As per your instructions, I will act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Ye.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) 
Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) 
Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
In front of cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Little
b. Color - Whitish, white, bright, light grayish

18. What was the duration of the sighting? Hold a watch, make a note, and note how much of the object was observed by the length of time you had it in sight. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been observed?
About 15/30 sec. The object was observed quite briefly.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or sketch. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you observed such as wings, tail, or appendages etc., and especially indicate the direction the object was moving.
Drawn sketch showing an elongated, bean-shaped or cigar-shaped object moving to the right.

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically an "ORCE UFO FORM" where the witness has filled out information about their UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
3.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Visible
b. Dim
c. Many
d. Don't remember

3.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid 
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

13. Compare brightness to some common object: 

Bright light of average visibility size

The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One):
a. Sharply outlined
b. Like a bright star
c. Slightly outlined
d. Don't remember 

Is the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appeared to stand still at any time? 
b. Move slowly at any time?
c. Move rapidly at any time?
d. Break up into parts or explode?
e. Give off smoke or exhaust?
f. Change shape?
g. Finish or disappear?
h. Reappear and reappear?

Yes    No    Don't know
Yes    No    Don't know 
Yes    No    Don't know
Yes    No    Don't know
Yes    No    Don't know
Yes    No    Don't know
Yes    No    Don't know
Yes    No    Don't know

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an "Official U.S. Air Force" document, specifically a questionnaire intended to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP) sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? - April 8, 1967
2. Time of day: 5:45 Hours Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object? - Seattle, near the city
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5-10 Seconds
6. Certain a. Yes b. No
31. How was the time in sight determined? - by casual observation, seen for a brief time
32. Was object in sight continuously? - Yes
8. What was the condition of the sky? - NIGHT a. Clear b. Cloudy

The text appears to be filled out as part of an official U.S. Air Force investigation into a reported UAP sighting.

- page 40 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or image, it is a blank form with the text "Air Force UFO form continued" at the top.

Output from OCR:
Air Force UFO form continued

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO report document.

Text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 April 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

For complete report see accompanying report drawn up after my return. There was no unidentified flying object visible at the time of my sighting - the sighting was picked up on radar and the visual observations reported were made in conjunction with that radar confirmation. The movements of the unknown object indicate it was not a conventional aircraft.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UF0 form continued
Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
1957 - About 7:45 P.M. - 9:15 P.M. - Washington D.C.
Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle one) Yes No
3.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
3.2 If possib e, name the other witness(es) and give their address and telephone number.
Seattle, Washington 98331
4. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: 
ADDRESS: Seattle, Washington 98103
TELEPHONE NO.: AGE: 20 SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Sporty ing and interesL in airplanes and space exploration. Ground observers corps, flight scheduling, air traffic control service experience.

3. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Just reported at the time

- page 43 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions for an "Official U.S. Air Force" UFO sighting report form. The diagram includes a sketch space and a compass-like illustration. There are no photographs present in this particular page.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 44 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form for recording details about a UFO sighting, including the location of the observer, identifying information about the observer, weather and wind conditions, and other relevant details.

Transcription of the text in the document:

(3) Light conditions: (use one of the following terms: Night, day,
dusk, dawn, etc.)

a. Location of Observer(s): Exact latitude and longitude of each observer,
and/or geographical position. A position with reference to a known landmark
may be given in addition to coordinates. Such as "2 miles N of Preville" 3 mi
E of main highway", etc. May be difficult or impossible if electronicallly
transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

EXAMPLE: 89 45N, 192 71W for 39 15N, 102 21W.

Observers

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s): 
(1) Civilian - Name, address, occupation, and estimate of
reliability: ___ Considered to be reliable

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of
reliability: _________________________________________________________

g. Weather and winds -- Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
2150/473

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions. _____

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind
direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 
20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' if available: 
419 @ 6

(3) Ceiling: 31,200* acb

(4) Visibility: __________ miles

(5) Amount of cloud cover: 50% 

(6) Thunderstorms in area or quadrant in which located: _________

- page 45 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Force UFO reporting form with various questions and response options.

Air Force UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?_

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?_

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. At home b. At work (business or office) c. In a car
d. In an airplane (type)_ e. At a drive-in f. Other_

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country?     d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other_

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _ miles per hour
24.3 Did you keep the object in view any time while you were looking at it? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No d. Telescope Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No f. Other_

26. In order that a sketch or description of the object may be made which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 46 -

The image contains a form with questions related to a UFO sighting report. There is no photograph or image of a UFO visible in this page.

Text extracted from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did we eject, disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response]: -_- 

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? 
[Handwritten response]: Yes; Don't know

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
[Handwritten response]: Yes; in front of

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color:

18. We wish to have the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, the angular size of the object would have been: 
[Handwritten response]: Pl - 

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the color, size, or motion such as streams, shape, or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Empty space for a drawing]

- page 47 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It shows the "ORCE UFO FORM" which is a form used to gather information about UFO sightings. However, there is no photograph included in this particular page of the document.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

5. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
a) STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright moonlight
d. Dull moonlight
e. No moonlight-pitch dark

6. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a) CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Overcast or heavy rain
e. Fog 
f. Mist or light rain
g. Snow
h. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Translucent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a) Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b) Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c) Give up into parts or separate? Yes No Don't know
d) Chase or follow any other objects? Yes No Don't know
e) Hover in one spot? Yes No Don't know
f) Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
g) Slowly fade from view? Yes No Don't know

- page 48 -

The image appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The form is titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" and contains a series of questions for the witness to fill out regarding their UFO sighting. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this particular image.

Transcribed text from the form:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make unless you give us permission to do so. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone: 
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 49 -

The image contains a portion of what appears to be a form related to a UFO sighting or report. The form includes a section with three simple sketches or diagrams of unidentified flying objects. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Air Force UFO form continued
Page 9

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, specifically a questionnaire or form. The text on the form includes the title "Official U.S. Air Force" and a question that asks "34. Date you completed this questionnaire:".

OCR Output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 51 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a diagram showing a sketch or drawing of a UFO sighting event, with instructions for the observer to mark the positions of the UFO relative to the horizon and compass directions.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" or "C" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The text extracted from the image is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" or "C" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

30. Have you ever?
31.1 If you answer...
31.2 Please give the-...
32. Please give the following:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional

33. When did you originally?

- page 52 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a form with questions about a reported sighting of an unidentified object.

UFO form continued

1. Were you alone or with others before it gave details or dates and location. 

2.1 Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes - No

3.1 If you answered 'Yes', did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes - No

3.2 Please list their names and addresses.

3.3 Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
AGE 
SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

3.4 When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
Day
Month
Year

- page 53 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it shows a page from an old Project Blue Book report form. The page is titled "Official U.S. Air Force" and contains a series of questions related to the observation of a UFO, including questions about the object's disappearance, movement, and appearance.

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what: in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Speed_______________ b. Color Dark metallic color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object, such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the picture to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 54 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a "UFO form" with various questions and response options for the observer.

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away you the object was? (Circle One)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At work
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? Miles per hour 

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) 
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No 
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or celestial phenomenon which you observed. Sketch roughly if possible.

- page 55 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically case number 7450000 from Denver, Colorado dated April 7, 1967.

PROJECT CARD
1. DATE/TIME GROUP
7450000 
2. LOCATION
Denver, Colorado
3. SOURCE
civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
25 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-visual (day)
7. COURSE
straight
8. PHOTOS
0 Yes
X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 Yes
X No
FOR
FORM SD 49-R 0-429 (TOE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 56 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" which contains a questionnaire about an unidentified aerial phenomenon that was observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information from you used will be treated in strict confidence, and will not be used for official announcements, or publications without your permission. We request that personal information as to your identity is not demanded, unless it is deemed necessary for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
- Date: 4-1967
- Month: 4
- Year: 1967

2. Time of day:
- (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
- (Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
- Address and location:

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
- Hours: 0
- Minutes: 25
- Seconds: 0 

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
- Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
- (Circle One) a. NIGHT b. DAY c. DAWN d. DUSK e. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
- (Circle One) a. In front of you
b. Behind you 
c. To your left
d. To your right

- page 57 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form titled "ORCE UFO FORM" which seems to be a questionnaire or report form for documenting UFO sightings.

Transcribing the text from the form:

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
1.1 STARS: (Circle One)
a. None
b. More
c. Less
1.2 MOON: (Circle One)
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. Dull moonlight
d. No moonlight--pitch dark

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
2.1 CLOUDS: (Circle One)
a. None
b. Scattered
c. Overcast
2.2 WEATHER: (Circle One)
a. Clear or light rain
b. Heavy rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Fog
f. Don't remember

3. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

4. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

5. (This line is written in by hand) Couldn't distinguish to any common object.

6. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

7. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?        Yes   No  Don't know
b. Move up and down?                            Yes    No  Don't know
c. Move side to side?                              Yes    No  Don't know
d. Disappear and reappear?                    Yes    No  Don't know
e. Change brightness?                             Yes    No  Don't know
f. Change shape?                                    Yes    No  Don't know
g. Separate into parts?                             Yes    No  Don't know
h. Disintegrate and reappear?                 Yes    No  Don't know

- page 58 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a "UFO form continued" from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
30. Have you seen this, or a similar object before, if so, give the date, and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the same object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Towly Falls
TELEPHONE NUMBER 16
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
4/7/1967 G2 (?) USAF 

- page 59 -

The image contains a photograph showing an illustration and instructions related to an Air Force report or document. The illustration appears to depict an aerial object and its trajectory, along with a compass-like diagram. There are also written instructions and questions below the illustration.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are of the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the same curved line to show the approximate angle at which the object left your sight.

75°
60°
45°
30°
15°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, an "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 60 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page contains a form titled "Official U.S. Air Force UFO form" with handwritten text filling out the form. There is no photograph present on this page.

Text extracted from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
     (Day)  7 
     (Month) April 
     (Year) 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or is narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object appeared as a group of lights in a triangular formation. It seemed to be about 30 to 40 feet in diameter, moving at a high rate of speed, approximately 70 to 80 miles per hour. It was silent and appeared to be at an altitude of around 2,000 to 3,000 feet. The object changed direction twice, making 90 degree turns, and then accelerated rapidly and disappeared from sight. The sighting lasted approximately 1 to 2 minutes. There were no other witnesses that I know of.

- page 61 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document page from "Project Blue Book", a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The UFO form continued
The man reported seeing a bright light in the sky that moved in an irregular manner. He described the object as being large and cigar-shaped. The object was observed for several minutes before it disappeared from view. No further details are provided in the document.

- page 62 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or news article about an investigation related to "space trash" found in Libertyville.

PROF TO CHECK
SPACE TRASH
Hynek to Investigate
Libertyville Metal
Metallic fragments found on
a road four miles northwest of
Libertyville are being examined by
United States or Russian space
vehicles, a Northwestern University astronomer who also
is an air force scientific consultant
of unidentified flying objects said
last night.
Dr. J. Allen Hynek said the
fragments, which he described as
beads, definitely were not
parts of a meteorite. He said he
explained as neither
remains of a re-entry of an unidentified satellite nor a crash
of space trash.
The fragments answered the
radar at an airport in Lake
county and were brought to
O'Hare field, Hynek said.
"It could be space trash,"
Hynek said, "but I don't know.
I'll have to investigate."
A "brilliant flash"
was seen in the sky in that area
by residents the night before the
fragments were found.
"No sound with flash
occurred," Demier said. "The
flash had no sound, but caused
little green spots in front of
my eyes."
Demier said he
(Continued on page 2, cot, 6)

PROF TO CHECK
LIBERTYVILLE
'SPACE TRASH'
(Continued from first page)
looked out of his picture window, thinking someone may
have driven into his driveway.
Checking to see if it would
other members of his family,
the Deputy Sheriff of Lake
county came up and took the
fragments that were lying in the
road.
"Looks like some space
stuff," he up the the
Desmier said.
He then went and
investigated. He said
samples were taken for analysis,
where the fragments were found
because "it was too hot."
Hynek said the "beads"
he found about a half dozen
Desmier were a "kind of gray,
brown material."
Demier called Deputy Sheriff Larry Willner of the Lake
county sheriff's police department made a report to the sheriff's
office.
A reporter for The Tribune
took a sample of the particles
along with Desmier, who immediately said: "This is very
hot. It's radioactive." He based his
conclusion on the Geiger counter
Demier said that the particles
emitted a "faint glow" and
smelled like "burning rubber"
and "electrical smoke."
Hynek said he would take
the particles, which he said is
the first he has seen, to the
observatory, Wilmette, to
analysis.

- page 63 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from an Air Force UFO reporting form.

Air Force UFO form continued
If the object was first noticed as it came into view, note the direction it was moving
and the approximate elevation angle (expressed in degrees) at which it was first noticed.
If the object was already in view when first noticed, indicate direction of movement
and approximate elevation angle at that time.
More
CONTACT TO FIND OUT
WHAT THE SIGHT

- page 64 -

This page does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten text.

The text in the document reads:

"Official U.S. Air Force Ufo
24. Date you completed this questionnaire: 24 APRIL 1967
25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire are a narrative explanation of your sighting:
NEW OBJECT CAME CLOSELY TO MY HOUSE. THE WALKING TALKING BEING WITH DEGREES STAYED FOR MINUTES 37 SECONDS ALSO MY FLASHLIGHT FLICKERED FOR THE SAME AMOUNT OF TIME. THE FLASHLIGHT IS NEW AND THE WALKING TALKING FROM STATIC DID NOT ORIGINATE FROM A REAL BEING BUT THE OBJECT
ALSO PLEASE SEND ME MORE OF THESE REPORTS IF POSSIBLE"

- page 65 -

The image shows a schematic diagram and instructions related to the reporting of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Following is the text transcribed from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 8

27. In the following sketch, indicate the position of any object or objects you saw. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object(s) were above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw them. If there is more than one object, place the letters "B", "C", etc. on the same curved line to show how high each object was.

(Diagram with curved line and angles labeled)

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at
the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

(Blank space provided for drawing)

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

(Blank space provided for drawing)

- page 66 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text in the document is:

"b. Description of course of Object(s):

(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? 
Vivid white lights (sort of looking for something strange)

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed.
West Azimuth (12° to 15° above horizon)

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
Still visible

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
None

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Still visible

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)
25 minutes, 1940-

c. Manner of Observation:

(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, 
ground-electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)
Ground-visual

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth)
used and description thereof. Binoculars 4 x 4

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, 
identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. Time and date of sighting:

(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting. 05/24025 APRIL 1967"

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If yes, estimate how many are the object seen? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED], LITITZ, 3 NEW YORK
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special appearance, which might be pertinent.
I AM A MEMBER OF BATCO, AND I HAVE SOME INTEREST IN UFO RESEARCH AND AM TRAINED TO SPOT ALL UFO KNOWN.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? I REPORTED IT TO APRIL 1967 YOU FIRST.

- page 68 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a U.S. Air Force UFO form. There is no photograph present in this image. 

The text found in the document is as follows:

S. Air Force UFO form continued
Page 3

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One)
Yes     No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 16,500

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
Yes     No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3/4 Mile 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In the yard
c. Outdoors
d. In an automobile (type)
e. At work
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. South
c. East
d. West
e. Northeast
f. Southeast
g. Southwest
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? Miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
Yes     No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes     No
b. Sun glasses Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes     No
d. Window glass Yes   No
e. Binoculars   Yes   No 
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Tracking scope  Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects that would give the same general impression as the object which you saw.

A SAFETY HELMET AFTER A CARBINE JUST COOLED

- page 69 -

The image contains a page from an official U.S. Air Force document. There is no photograph present in this image, only text and a hand-drawn diagram.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO
Page 3

It changed color AFTER WATCHinG IT
Did the object move behind something or a cloud? NO 
A HILL

Did the object move in front of something or a cloud? 
(Circle One) Yes  No Don't know.

Noise NONE 
Color: WATER WITH RED AND BLUE LIGHTS

We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length, in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/2 OF THE OBJECT

No sketch. Lights such as WATER WITH RED AND BLUE LIGHTS.

- page 70 -

There is no photograph present in the image. However, the image shows a page from an "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" document, which appears to be a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

OCR output:
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used to evaluate sightings and may be included in technical analyses, reports, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is clearly understood that further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4 APRIL 1967
2. Time of day:
(Circle One) @ A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) @ Eastern
2. Central 
3. Mountain
4. Pacific 
5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? UTICA NEW YORK
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 Hours Seconds 58 7 0
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES NO
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. DAY
b. NIGHT
c. Clear
d. Cloudy
e. Partly Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you
b. Behind you
c. To your left
d. To your right
e. Don't remember

- page 71 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a USAF Project Blue Book UFO report form. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

USAF PROJECT BLUE BOOK
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT (FORM)
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at night, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Many
b. A few
c. None
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull or hazy
c. Not visible
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Scattered
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Mist, fog or haze
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember 

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compared to brightness of some common objects:
A VIVID FLASHLIGHT AT 10 FEET

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle Yes or No for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes    No    Don't know 
c. Break up into parts or explode?   Yes    No    Don't know
d. Change brightness?   Yes    No    Don't know
e. Change color?   Yes    No    Don't know
f. Flash on and off?   Yes    No    Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?   Yes    No    Don't know

- page 72 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an "Official U.S. Air Force UFO" report document, featuring a handwritten response to a questionnaire.

Text transcription:

Official U.S. Air Force UF
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
N.S. CQ 1967
Month
Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object appeared first about the southern horizon, travelled across the sky in a straight line and disappeared to the east. It was traveling about 9 time as fast as a commercial aircraft. It appeared to be a straight line and disappeared to the east. It appeared to be a straight line and disappeared to the east. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air. It appeared to be a straight line and disappear to the air.

- page 73 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Air Force UFO form continued
Page 7

I couldn't share a picture or what it actually looked like. It was dark at the time and I didn't have much luck getting a photo. The conventional lights or shapes to give it any definite outline or shape, to indicate how large or small it could have been.

- page 74 -

The image contains a schematic diagram and accompanying text describing how to observe the motion of an object in the sky. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Transcribed text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

90°  75°  60°  45°  30°  15°   0°
    A                              B
    /   \
   /     \
  /       \
 /         \

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A--------------------B

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 75 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One): Yes No
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
ADDRESS: Canadian
CITY: Calgary OCCUPATION: female
AGE: 44 SEX: Female
Indicate any other information that might be pertinent:
I saw medium sized, brilliant object,many plans,star like in nature,It was behaving erratically orbiting at edge of atmosphere, moved erratically, it was lighted,it glowed brightly, had many flashing lights and circling motion. 
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 76 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an official U.S. Air Force document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR". The document is a questionnaire that seems to be part of a project called "Project Blue Book" related to investigating UFO sightings.

OCR output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information received will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to enable us to obtain any further details that may be necessary.

1. When did you see the object?
Day     Month     Year
4      2/         67

2. Time of day:
Hours    Minutes
      15        30     A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One)
a. Eastern Standard
b. Mountain Time
c. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Colorado Springs
Nearest Point Address       City or Town          State or County    

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours    Minutes   Seconds 
    5        30       0

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY 
b. NIGHT
    (X) Clear
    ( ) Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in sky in relation to the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you
b. To the left
c. To the right
d. To your left    
e. Behind you
f. Don't remember

FTO OCT 52 164 (Replaces AFOSR 154 (Rev. 21 DEC 62) which is obsolete.

- page 77 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Text from the document:

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: XPGP

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO: 

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attention XFCP.

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: 
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
(3) Color: 
(4) Number: 
(5) Formation, if more than one. 
(6) Any discernible features or details.

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s).

(8) Sound. If heard, describe sound.

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features.

- page 78 -

The image contains a form titled "ORGE UFO FORM" that appears to be part of a document from Project Blue Book. The form does not contain any photographs, but rather a series of questions and checkboxes related to observations of unidentified flying objects.

OCR output:

ORGE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice regarding the STARS and MOON?
1. STARS (Circle One): 
a. A few
b. Many
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moonlight
b. Crescent 
c. No moonlight - dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Calm
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate to heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid 
b. Transparent
c. Winked

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11. Compare brightness to some common object:
WITH PLANET AS BRIGHT AS VENUS ON A CLEAR NIGHT - OR MAYBE SLIGHTLY DIMMER

12. The edges of the object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and then slow down any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sudden turns? Yes No Don't know
d. Give-off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or blink? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 79 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a Project Blue Book form.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

Air Force UFO form continued

1. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
   Circle One:    Yes    No
   If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

2. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
   Circle One:    Yes    No 
   If you answered YES, then how far away do you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    Circle One:
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. in an airplane (type)
    e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open country/side?
    d. Near an airfield?
    e. Flying over country?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North    b. South    c. East    d. West
    24.2 How fast (approximately) were you moving?
    24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Binoculars                  Yes    No
    b. Telescope                  Yes    No
    c. Windshield                  Yes    No 
    d. Windslass                  Yes    No
    e. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object with which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 80 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? Yes.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes, in front of cumulus clouds.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Absolutely no sound associated with it.
b. Color - Bright silvery white, metallic in appearance.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About the size of a match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object (e.g., size, color, number, location, speed, direction, etc.) and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Draw an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(Handwritten sketch)
Saucer shaped object, very bright, little halo around edges, moving very fast, little trail like a vapor or spark behind it.

OCR Output:
Official U.S. Air Force UFO
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? Yes.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes.
If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes, in front of cumulus clouds.
If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Absolutely no sound associated with it.  
b. Color - Bright silvery white, metallic in appearance.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About the size of a match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object (e.g., size, color, number, location, speed, direction, etc.) and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Draw an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 81 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

AMSTERDAM VISUAL FLIGHT RECORD
PROJECT BLUEBOOK NO. 14149
Referred over
PROJECT BLUEBOOK PHOTO PROCESSING RECORD
Examined and analyzed
Apparent diameter
Unconventional or curvature and
Parabolic orbit

A search in the Hoffmeister-von Niessl Catalogue gives several fireballs of about same date and similar radiants. These are:
No. 334, 1899 Sept. 8
greater V
No. 335, 1872 Sept. 13 great
No. 336, 1901 Sept. 14 greater V 
No 340, 1902 Sept. 27 greater V
No. 372, 1906 Sept. 27 greater J
No. 375, 1914 Sept. 8 d x V

When we remember that probably not one in hundred has it with computed, it is reasonable to conclude that there is a record of many hundreds of fireballs.
Evidently the end of the 1956 fireball fits in quite well.
It is indicated that Prof. V.P. Fedynsky, Abastumani Planetarium, East Lansing, Michigan, has computed data from pre-sumabably different reports.
FIREBALL of 1967 APRIL 5.52 G.M.T. 
A.M.S. No. 2392
This brilliant fireball appeared in the above date at 7:34 p.m., E.S.T. It seems to have started about 15 miles S.W. of Rochester, N.Y. and ended above a point very near Barrie, Ontario. Lt. Lilienthal stated that the end point is quite accurate. The path-length seems to have been about 40 miles. Data on this event has 24 reports. from Canadians and U.S. The fireball was clearly seen by H. E. Poth, Project Director, URANOLITE PATROL Circuit, National Air Lines, and Us Canadian staff, Barrie, Ontario. But for the invasion of both, no solution would be possible. We received only one report from a ground observer. This came in New York. and one from a 170-lb. man. The initial and terminal points seem to have been widely scattered points.
The fireball was very brilliant and observers were almost unanimous in giving its color as yellow-green.
Very few stars could be seen during the event for most Canadians. The observers reported that it was brighter than the Moon, and more or less equal in brilliance to Venus. Probably about of the apparent diameter of the Moon.
Calculations indicate the terminal height is 46.5 km. From the measured apparent angular velocities (0.74 deg/sec) and durations (7.5 sec) the height of beginning and end points is estimated. Retaining estimates which are in quite close agreement, we find the height of H2 to be 69.7 km and the height of the end at 46.5 km. The velocity in the velocity is 41 km/sec. This indicates a hyperboilic orbit. But due to the large apparent size in duration, it seems possible to speculate that the object may have broken into smaller fragments near the end, just before the final complete disintegration, but by the calculated data. Due to the great height of H2 the chances of finding meteoritic remains is small.

- page 82 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a document with text and calculations related to a fireball sighting on July 24, 1967.

FIREBALL of 1967 July 24.69 G.M.T. 
This fireball is unique, so far as its duration is concerned, in that it appeared over the Atlantic
and its solution depends essentially. upon four displays. These were kindly sent to me by H. E. Roth, Project Director, Volunteer Flight Officer, N.C.A.A.P. United 
Airlines, Denver, Colo. It appeared at 16.30 G.M.T. The sighting details follow together with
some notes on the flight path and details of the fireball's duration.

837 16' 20" W. 53° N. 49' 30" N. 45° 20' 40.15 sec.
812 19' 31" W. 52° N. 53' 36" N. 79.10 sec.
821 18' 30" W. 51° N. 49' 30" N. 49.10 sec.
821 15' 0" W. 50° N. 46' 10' 20" N. 15.0 sec.

It is obvious that, as two longitude and three latitudes are given only to whole degrees,
accuracy cannot be assigned approximate. The duration was 6.5 2.7 sec. but is spread 
out in duration. The fireball was not seen seen over the Atlantic. It appeared approximately at sunrise at all stations. Sun report' rising at 815. Reported colors vary widely;
probably it was green when first seen.  At about 67 miles, the fireball's brightness, other
than terminal flares, was of the order of a bright half moon,  according to H. E. Roth
point 811, which was in most favorable position even of most distant, gives 5 to 19
times that of Venus. At night its essential magnitude may well have been as even 
lower. The absolute magnitude was roughly -7. (Gomes -6, Petrie -6.5, prepared.
The most probable solution seems to be as follows:

FIREBALL of 1967 July 24.69 G.M.T.
Began over A-11° 00' W. 53° 35' 47" N. at 87 1.49 km
Ended over A-10' 16' W. 53° 34' 37" N. at 81 2.29 km
Path length 39 km.
Radiant uncorrected a = 92°. d = 32° 
Radiant corrected a = 19°. d = 19°.

It is obvious that the solution is too approximate to warrant calculation of an orbit. 
In view of the very doubtful nature of the height, the conditions are too unique not to place this fireball on record.

- page 83 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a Daily Report for the USSR & East Europe.

NO CASE AND ONLY 
6 APRIL 67

DAILY REPORT
USSR & East Europe

E420 FTC
GOOD COPY(IS)
7097-23 32103

MONDAY 
10 APRIL 1967

- page 84 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

30 April 1967 
WARSAW APPROACES POLISH-BULGARIAN TREATY 
Recent Democratic Service in Russian 1030 GMT 7 April 1967--E
(Statement made to Moscow radio's Sofia correspondent Cie Vlasov, by Bulgarian Foreign Minister Ivan Bashev, in Bulgarian, published into Romanian).
(Summary) The visit of the Polish Party Government delegation is an important event for our countries. The talks between Gomulka and Zhivkov and other Bulgarian leaders were warm and cordial. They discussed unity of views and several bilateral relations.
Recently great progress has been made in scientific and trade relations between the two countries, which gives opportunities for our two peoples to become closer. Their economic commission has produced good results; a bilateral economic agreement is being prepared, particularly for the further deepening of specialization and cooperation in all fields of industry. Undoubtedly our cooperation in the fields of culture, information, and tourism will also develop successfully.
In the international area, both countries affirmed their wish to continue their efforts for European security cooperation between the socialist countries within the framework of CEMA, and strengthening of the unity of the socialist community.
The two countries resolutely condemned the aggression of U.S. imperialism in Vietnam and affirmed their readiness to give all help to the struggling Vietnamese people.
Both countries also drew attention the danger of the revanchist policy of militaristic and imperialistic circles in West Germany in their attempt to obtain nuclear weapons for the Bundeswehr. Our countries consider it essential to make all efforts to mobilize the democratic and peace-loving circles of Europe against this peril.
As a result of the talks, a 20-year treaty of friendship, cooperation, and mutual aid was signed which will make an important contribution to both strengthening the national security of Poland, and Bulgaria's and European security, and the strengthening of the unity of the socialist countries.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT SEEN ON 6 APRIL
Sofia BTA International Service in English 1040 GMT 9 April 1967--
(Text) SOME SCIENTISTS BELIEVE PHENOMENON WAS SERIOUS. News concerning an observation of a flying object in southeast Bulgaria is about 1830 hours local time on 6 April. Observers said that the object moved swiftly over the town of Stara Zagora. It was observed by means of telescopes for 15-20 minutes. It maneuvered in the air, coming down and rising again. Experts are highly interested in the phenomenon. It is their opinion that it might be a satellite breaking up in the atmosphere. As has been stated sub in Bulgaria, no conservations or photographs were made to confirm it.

- page 85 -

The image contains a photograph of an official U.S. Air Force technical information form regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon. There is no human face visible in the image.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
The information that you give on this form will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to assist in further defining the details of your observation.

1. When did you see the object? __August 4, 1967__
2. Time of day? ___7:25___ Hours ___25___ Minutes (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zones: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? __At Davis Fallen Reservation, City or Town __________, State or County _________
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) __3__ Hours __30__ Minutes __0__ Seconds
a. Briefly certain b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess
5.1 How soon was the object first determined? __Several seconds__
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? __Yes__ No __
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. Day b. Night c. Bright d. Cloudy e. Hazy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

FTO-COV-S 764 This form supersedes AFTO 164, JUL 51, which is obsolete.

- page 86 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "ORCE UFO FORM" which seems to be a document used for reporting UFO sightings.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars (Circle One): 
a. None     b. Bright moonlight     c. Dull moonlight     d. Don't remember

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUD (Circle One):
a. Clear sky     b. Haze     c. Fog or mist or light rain     d. Thin overcast or heavy rain     e. Snow     f. Don't remember

3. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid     b. Transparent     c. Don't remember

4. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter     b. Dimmer     c. About the same     d. Don't know

11. Compare brightness to some common object: 
The brightness compared to a common object as about the same as a ___________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred     b. Sharply outlined     c. Other     d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
Appear to land or take off?     Yes     No     Don't know
Change brightness?     Yes     No     Don't know
Change speed or direction?     Yes     No     Don't know
Give off smoke?     Yes     No     Don't know
Change in shape or color?     Yes     No     Don't know
Flash or flicker?     Yes     No     Don't know
Disappear and reappear?     Yes     No     Don't know

- page 87 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an Air Force document with the heading "Official U.S. Air Force Lt" and a section for the person completing the questionnaire to provide information.

Text output:

Official U.S. Air Force Lt
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23 April 1962
34. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 88 -

There does not appear to be any photograph contained in this image. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Extracting the text from the document:

Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sightings.

4. Interaction of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing air defense directives).

3. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting. 

Nothing could be located that could account for the stars.

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

i. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.
Visible to center to (for about 105 gradually moving away)
times) (slightly may) diminishing in intensity (apparently toward horizon as 2106 hours. Observed slowly from bright white to yellow, orange before disappearing.

Edward Meyer Deputy Major USAF

- page 89 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official U.S. Air Force document with instructions and diagrams related to reporting UFO sightings.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the straight line to indicate where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the straight line to indicate where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Only one

- page 90 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form that has been filled out. The form is titled "TO form continued" and contains various questions and responses related to a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

TO form continued
Page 6
Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No - never
Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
Please list their names and addresses:
(1) [redacted]
(2) [redacted]
Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: 34 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[redacted]
When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Tuesday April 11 1967 Reported it to "General" Denver United States Air Force
Denver, Colorado

- page 91 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a questionnaire or form for collecting information about UFO sightings.

Text transcription:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it, if so, how?
Yes. It moved out of sight and changed direction and altitude. 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes. Don't know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes. Don't know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Sounded like a jet aircraft
b. Color - Top half was a white glow, bottom half was dark.
c. Size - About the size of a large airplane.
d. Shape - Round.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length, in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match or pencil. If you have performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object do you estimate was covered?
(No response)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc. and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(A simple sketch of a round shape with an arrow pointing to the right is provided.)

- page 92 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Air Force UFO form continued
23. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In the air
c. In an automobile
d. Outside

24. Were you (Circle One)
a. Stationary
b. Moving in an automobile or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
b. North 
c. East
d. South
e. West
f. Northeast

25. Did you stop or stay at any time while you were tracking the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

26. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses - Yes No
b. Binoculars - Yes No
c. Gun sight - Yes No
d. Windshield - Yes No 
e. Telescope - Yes No
f. Theodolite - Yes No
g. Other Rand f rom binocular

27. If the object appeared to you to give off a clear picture or possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what the object looked like, what course it followed, and if it made any unusual maneuvers.
There never was very lighting and moving very slowly.

- page 93 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be text-based, containing a list of UFO sightings and evaluations. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and extract all the text from the document:

7 - 15 APRIL 1967 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
7 De Kalb, Florida Multiple AIRCRAFT
7 Casselberry, Ohio Balloon AIRCRAFT
7 Spohtt Ponds, South Carolina Multiple AIRCRAFT
7 Elyria, Ohio Multiple AIRCRAFT
7 Gainesville, Florida Astro (METEOR) ASTRO (VENUS)
8 Huntsville, Oregon Balloon Balloon
8 Westbury, New York Satellite (ECHO II) Satellite Sighting: (BALLOON)
9 Mesa, Arizona (PHOTOS) Satellite (ECHO I), 1. Satellite (ECHO I)
9-23 Pipestone, Minnesota Multiple 2. Satellite (ECHO II)
30 Austin, Texas Multiple RADAR Sighting: (INSUFFICIENT DATA)
10-11 Baton Rouge, Louisiana Multiple (RADAR) AIRCRAFT
INSUFFICIENT DATA
Satellite (ECHO I)
INSUFFICIENT DATA
ASTRO (METEOR)
Sighting: (INSUFFICIENT DATA)
RADAR (INSUFFICIENT DATA)
AIRCRAFT
INSUFFICIENT DATA
AIRCRAFT
INSUFFICIENT DATA
AIRCRAFT
INSUFFICIENT DATA
Other (SATELLITE DECAY) INSUFFICIENT DATA
Other (BIRDS)
AIRCRAFT
INSUFFICIENT DATA
INSUFFICIENT DATA
INSUFFICIENT DATA
INSUFFICIENT DATA

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE LOCATION SOURCES EVALUATION
7 Brooklyn, New York Green 164. Green 164.
8 West, Texas Green 164. Green 164.
12 Bucks, Pennsylvania Green 164. Green 164.
12 Erie, Pennsylvania Green 164. Green 164.
13 Utica, Pennsylvania Green 164. Green 164.

- page 94 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, listing additional reported sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document is as follows:

LT-15 April 1967
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE | LOCATION | SOURCE | EVALUATION
13 | East Rochester, New York | Green 1667 | 
14 | East Rochester, Maine | Green 1667 |
8 | Morelia, Mexico | Green 164 | 
6 | Oklahoma City, Oklahoma | Phillipines |

- page 95 -

