There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 07/25/32
2. LOCATION: 
10. CONCLUSION: POSSIBLE (ANOMALOUS?)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers were looking at the sky when they noticed an object. The object was moving erratically and was very bright. The object disappeared rapidly and they could not determine what it was.
6. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire about a sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: 
(Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, likely containing a questionnaire or observation form related to a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It just seemed to disappear a cloud.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 
It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
No.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Size: Seemed smaller, brighter.
b. Color: Strange, bright color.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
6 to 8 inches

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protusions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
No vapor trails. Oval shape.

Text extracted from the image:

WITHOUT TELLTALE 
TELESCOPES 
NO VAPOR TRAILS

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey about a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 15,000 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: A bright, amorphous object with a pulsing or blinking movement. Seemed to travel slowly and silently.

- page 4 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch includes a horizon line, a compass rose, and instructions for the observer to mark certain points on the diagram.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
32. Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? ON 8-18-67 TO O'F OF LTR / WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, it is a handwritten document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report. I will now act as an OCR system and transcribe the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: _ _ - _ _ _ _ _ _ 
Day       Month      Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Returned after a night of - & saw an extremely bright star like object 80 k size with an red orange color light flash on and off in a rapid motion. The object was stationary most of the time then it moved slowly up to the NE and disappeared over horizon. The object appeared to be under intelligent control.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report discussing UFO sightings and investigations.

The text in the document is as follows:

The puzzling thing about the entire case is how possession of the rather could be photographic. Into how were they contrived? Somebody went to a fair amount of trouble, but why? I questioned both the sheriff and asked the reporter, "as for finding out also, whether an graphic supplies in the local stores, and whether he know who was buying them." The reply so far as could be determined, was negative, but this would make a very interesting: but might suggest it as a psychology master's degree thesis.

It should be pointed out that the "fighting on this" means the one that in this case, reports, apparently all through the year, and began in 1957 when a report was made a nightly sighting." In fact, he said, "it was shaped like a cigar - and was "round." 

I believe there is a moral to be drawn from the Welllington case. Had the Athens Air Force Base cooperated properly and done a good investigation on this case, very early in the game, and in particular, had found out how sightings and acquisition of said possessions, a lot of later trouble could have been saved. We still don't know how the pictures came into being.

21. 2 April 1967, Shively, Kentucky.
The evaluation "possible aircraft" seems okay. The sighting fits a pattern of the young boys "read into" what might have been a perfectly ordinary sighting. They are familiar with UFO literature and could have given a highly preferential interpretation to their sighting. The sighting was of short duration and the description given could have easily determined how much of this was interpretation and how much was fact. Proper investigation at the local level could have easily determined how much of this was interpretation and how much was fact.

22. 3 April 1967, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
The evaluation "aircraft" on this is ludicrous. If any evidence whatever is given to the sanity and reliability of the observer, it was an aircraft, then it created in the mind of the observer an entire fantasy, because as the observer stated, "there is no object I've ever seen similar to this object I saw." Or could even compare to it.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a United States Air Force document related to a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 2 Apr 67

TO:
Shively, Kentucky 40216

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

"flying disc" is about 12 inches in diameter and spinning at a high rate of speed. It appeared to be hovering about 100 feet above the ground in a rural area. Two small creatures approximately 3 feet tall were observed standing near the object before it shot straight up out of sight.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document.

BEGIN OCR OUTPUT:

Born sight
of unusual life for report on 4/27/67 witness - a farmer who re- ported something unusual in the sky at about 9:00 - 9:15 p.m. on April 27, 1967. The witness stated that he was working outside his home, and looked up into the sky and saw a bright light moving very rapidly across the sky. The light suddenly stopped and hovered motionless for a few moments, then jumped rapidly to the right at an angle and then continued on its original path and disappeared. The witness estimated the light was approximately 1000 feet high and was moving at a high rate of speed. The light was described as a "ball of fire"and about the size of a basketball.

The witness stated that he called his wife to come out and see the object but by the time she came out it had disappeared. The witness said that he had never seen anything like it before and that it was not an aircraft, satellite or any other known object. He said it was traveling too fast and made too sharp a turn to be an aircraft. The witness was quite upset and shaken by what he saw.

- page 11 -

The image appears to be a hand-drawn diagram or sketch depicting some kind of aerial phenomenon. There is no photograph present in this image.

NELSON FEB
NELSON AUG
WOOLSNER

- page 12 -

The image provided appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, rather than a photograph. It consists of an oval shape with some handwritten text around it. There are no human faces or identifiable individuals present in the image.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

LT. COL. HOMER C. SHIVELY 9 April 1967
2D.W.16 Gat.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with various notes and sketches.

Object 1. K. object
Object 2. Filet sheet
Object 3. Nozzle
Object 4. Unreadable text

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which is a questionnaire form for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We shall use this personal information as necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 15 -

