The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP  2. LOCATION
21 Mar 67  22/0200Z Elkhorn, Kentucky
3. SOURCE  4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Civilian  Six
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION  11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
5 minutes  Observers watched six white colored lights in the sky horizon. The lights were compared to also the lights on an airliner. The objects did not behave like an airliner. From the description of the light it appears that some type of craft was responsible for this mission.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION  7. COURSE
Ground Visual  Westward
8. PHOTOS  
X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
X No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document with a questionnaire about a sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcription of the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and locations.
a similar metalic seem brush a hight

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
My mother, Mrs. - - - -

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Mrs. - - - - 
ADDRESS: Elkhorn
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 13
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, with the object that may aid in evaluation:
My eyes have just seen an unusal formation which cannot be classifed [sic]. It was brighter than sunlight, metalic but soft colors, and I know well that this was not an airplane but something new and different. I hope and trust that your organization will be interested in the objects I saw.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Did not report

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only handwritten text.

Project Blue Book 
1967-03-7465306-Elkhorn-Kentucky.pdf3.txt

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 Month May
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or previous questioning:  
At this time a usual bright object was sighted in the sky above my home which was witness by my mother and my sister 1 son-in-law. This object was witnessed for approximately 10 to 15 minutes moving slowly from the northwest to the southeast, changing colors from a bright white to green and back to bright white. At times this object seemed to stop and hover and other times it would pick up speed and dart from one direction to another. After this sighting I requested a copy from the Air Force which I understand is to work. The time, date, information to go with this, I will furnish at a later date as I have misplaced it at this time. When I locate this information, I will forward it to you. I have the original information but do not have it available at this time. I feel that this sighting is very important and should be investigated thoroughly as there were 3 persons who witnessed this object. I would say the object was approximately 100 to 200 feet in the air and about the size of a small automobile. The night was clear with a partial moon and the object was easily visible to the 3 witnesses. At times there were green lights on the object and at other times there were no lights visible. The object seemed to change in size as it moved. There were no sounds emitted from the object. The object seemed to move with ease and without any visible means of propulsion. I would appreciate it very much if you would investigate this sighting and let me know the results of your findings. Thank you kindly for your assistance in this matter.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly an old UFO report.

Here is the text from the document:

They were extremely small and they were getting very fast, the night manuele they were going at a very fast rate of speed an all sudden went up to a tremendous altitude and darted back and forth and there must of been hundreds of them all moving at the same time, they were moving at a tremendous rate of speed and they were all blinking on and off and they were all different colors, blue, white, purple and red and they were all moving in different directions and together with great speed. I told my wife at the time I don't believe I have ever seen anything like that before they came back and they were going very slow and then they left one at a time and went up to a great speed and were gone. In others words, their performance was unbelievable, but it did not last only about five to ten minutes. I would not make a statement or do not know exactly what they were, but I do know this, they were not airplanes, they were not helicopters, they were not birds, they were something I have never seen before, and I have lived on this farm all my life. I do not know what they were but I know they were not anything I have ever seen before. 

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC), Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, dated 3 May 1967. The document is addressed to "TDET/UFO" and the subject is "UFO Observation 21 Mar 67". The document is signed by James C. Manatt, Colonel, USAF, Director of Technology and Subsystems.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                                                 3 May 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 21 Mar 67

TO: Mr. [Redacted]
      Elkhorn, Kentucky 42723

Reference your unidentified observation. The information we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report describing a sighting of a UFO.

Department of the air force 
united states air force Headquarters 
Washington D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:

I regret Wednesday, the March 7, 1964, was the date I stopped around. I noticed the time was approximately 8:17 P.M. as I caught the show in a sudden brightness. The attention was immediately by a pair of parallel bright, steady lights flying south and north, a formation of 2 lights stop, A formation of lights were present for about 3 pairs of lights, each pair to the other, but motionless in the air. The little fly and no more motion on other motion outside the lights, seem that they were up high. To me they the lights.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a handwritten document or report. As per the instructions, I will not identify or name any humans in the image, even if it contained a human face.

Transcript of the text in the image:

Dear sir, on plenr I did observe a UFO on the night of March 7th, 1967 in my life. This thing was 20 minutes, cash. This other than it plainly said that I could see it going to the east. Something i was a right mile i mile, a very bright light is only the south, Kentucky. 

THANK YOU 

Sincerely, 
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire for an observer to fill out with details about their UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 1967 Year
2. Time of day: 9 Hour A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] City or Town
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By timing?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a survey-style questionnaire with various questions about an unidentified object sighting.

Text transcribed from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry and cool
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clearly outlined
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each query)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Transcribing the text from the image:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No, it did not disappear, It just faded away.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (Circle One) No Don't Know. If you answered Yes, it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (Circle One) No Don't Know. If you answered in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound It made no sound
b. Color White, appeared as a small star

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with as much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this at the sight, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object appeared about the size of the head of a match at arm's length.

19. Draw if possible a picture showing the shape of the object. Label and indicate the direction of movement. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten drawing showing the object moving from right to left.]

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page consists entirely of text in the form of a questionnaire or form, with various questions and answer choices.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2000 M.P.H.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2500 FEET
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section b. In the residential area c. In open country-side? d. Near an airfield e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Binoculars Yes No c. Camera Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Windshield Yes No f. Window glass Yes No g. Threodolite Yes No h. Other

As an OCR system, I have extracted all the text from the document and provided it above.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a sketch or diagram with instructions for the observer to draw and describe a UFO sighting.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the horizon to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 12 -

