The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form or report document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document, the output is:

BY THE BI
DATE: 28/08/2200
REPORT
CASE: 1967-6-7365980
1. LOCATION: WEST VIRGINIA
2. DATE/TIME GROUP: 28/08/2200
3. SYNOPSIS: THE CONCLUSION
4. LENGTH OF SIGHTING: ABOUT 45 MIN
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
SUMMARY:
XXXX XXXXX XX AT XXXXX, XXXX, REPORTED OBSERVING A BRIGHT OBJECT IN THE SKY THAT APPEARED TO BE MANEUVERING. OBJECT WAS ALSO REPORTEDLY OBSERVED BY OTHER WITNESSES IN THE AREA. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE.

FTD FTR 0-329 (TDE) PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, containing text and diagrams.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or encounter.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, AGE, SEX 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a form or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

Here is the text from the document:

24. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day
Month
Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire that was used to gather information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial objects you have observed. The information that you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications which may result from this personal information.

1. When did you see the object? Wednesday, June 21 1967
2. Time of day: 11:30 minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Pittstone, Pennsylvania
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 6 hours minutes seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated in mind  
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): NIGHT a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): To your right
 
FTD DH 63 82 144 This form supersedes ATIC 11 64, FTD 144, 161, 81, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a form that seems to be used to gather information about sightings of unidentified objects.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):  
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Heavy or thick clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Dull
c. Transparent
d. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):  
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
 b. Sharply defined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Suddenly change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, containing a series of questions and answers related to a UFO sighting.

Extracted text:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 5-10 mi.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2-3 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors (type)  
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The only thing I could think of is that the object had the shape of a missile. The edge was clear, it was shiny, and the motion was incredible.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing instructions and diagrams related to how to describe and draw the sighting of unidentified flying objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a sketch that will show the direction that the object or objects moved. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

[Redacted personal information]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Redacted personal information]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
October 1966, the U.S. Air Force, the Phantom Air Base.

- page 9 -

The image appears to show a handwritten sketch or drawing depicting a "shadowy figure under the clover A.F.O.". There is no photograph present in this image.

34. Does you completed this questionnaire?
(9) Sunday, Nov
1962 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

There was a shadowy figure under the clover A.F.O.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

ATTN OF: TDE/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

TO: Manville, New Jersey 08835

1. Reference your recent observations of an unidentified flying object. There are a few points which need to be clarified before we reach our final conclusion. We have two completed TD forms indicating that the sighting occurred on June 27, 1967. One form states that the sighting was on the other side of your state, while the other form you submitted states that the sighting occurred in your immediate vicinity. If there was actually more than one sighting, please clarify the details.

2. In your letter of June 11, you indicated that the large UFO was hovering in the direction of Eagleville, Pennsylvania. According to our maps, Dupont is east of Pittston, yet in your letter you stated that the UFO was in the direction of the Dupont area. Please clarify the direction in which the object was observed.

3. We would appreciate a note from you clarifying the above discrepancies.

WILLIAM B. COLEMAN, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
Office of the Commander of Technology and Subsystems

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

Dear Sirs,
I received your letter requesting that I analyze the object I found in Bristol on July 3, 1967. My friend and I came across it, and some research of Bristol showed there is previously some reasonable explanation for what we saw. We should be retold if there is a reason why I cannot mail you the object. On the cards in morning 5:30 am I saw. My cousin confirmed seeing it and the time was relatively the same. It was a clear night and got up as soon as possible to get a good look. Of course my cousin was several miles away and it was situated straight down. It was a bright and very strange thing up there in the sky for some time. We both felt that was of a strange nature and might have turned out to be one of those not-of-this-world things. Could you suggest a reason why I may not be to mail you the object or should I attempt to recover it and get it to you? I will be waiting for your response.

Sincerely,
[REDACTED]

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter.

Dear Major Quintanilla,

On the problem about the data (s), this is the triangular shaped object I saw on June 3, 1967. It might have a mistake on the data of another object. It seems fairly certain it was June 3, 1967, & my correction is to move the date forward direction (-).

I have goofed the direction, it was east.

Sincerely,
Mr. [REDACTED]

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a text-based document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation on June 6, 1967 in Manville, New Jersey. The document is requesting the reader to complete the attached AF Form 164 and return it to the address provided, which is the Director of Technology and Systems.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

AUG 1 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 6 June 1967

Manville, New Jersey 08835

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached AF Form 164 and return it to the address provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
AF Form 164 w/envelope

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Dear Major, Doctor Quintanilla:

I saw a U.F.O.'s June 6/1967 at 11:31 P.M. - It was over Berwyn, Pennsylvania. It was like a digger one was a triangular shaped object, which had a clear light in the center and red flashing lights around it. It was hovering around about 5 minutes at a time, it also had a lighted trail like it was burning the air, There were about 5 people who saw it under it (on the ground).

It was a triangular shaped object, and flying: it was hovering above a tree about 5 miles from the viewer. The bigger one apparently disappeared when the smaller one came near it.

Sincerely,
Mr. [Redacted]
Manville, N.J.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, depicting an envelope addressed to "Major Hector Quintanilla, Project Blue Book, H.Q., Wright-Patterson A.F.B., Dayton, Ohio 45433".

Manville, N. J. 07830 
Major Hector Quintanilla 
Project Blue Book, H.Q.
Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio 45433

VIA AIR MAIL

- page 16 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Dear Sir, of the Air Force
H.Q. USAF
Washington, D.C. 20025

Dear Sir:
On the night of June 3, 1967 at approximately 11:30 p.m., an unidentified flying object was seen by several people in Manville, N.J.

The object was a triangular-shaped craft with a bright light on each corner and red blinking lights around its center, and red blinking lights on the outside. It was a silent craft, and was observed for about 10 minutes.

At first it appeared as a very bright light, like a star, but as it came closer it took on a triangular shape. It then hovered for a while and moved away at a fast speed. When it moved away it appeared to be about the size of a dime held at arm's length.

The object was seen by several people in the area, and was also seen by a local policeman. I am one of the witnesses, and I would be glad to give you any further details if you so desire.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Manville, N.J.
Dec 11, 1967

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten note and some sketches. The note appears to be a letter from someone named "Mr. [REDACTED]" and includes the following text:

"I want that, send me a form (5) and I will fill it out and send it to you grade."

Sincerely,
Mr. [REDACTED]

The sketches include what appears to be a drawing of some kind of technical diagram or schematic, as well as some handwritten notes that seem to include some kind of code or acronyms.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a handwritten document or report. The text in the image describes the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO) that occurred at around 9:35 p.m. The document also includes some sketches or diagrams labeled as "AS I SAW IT" and "PASSING OVERHEAD".

Text transcription:
I bottle the object. 39 utting used what I saw. Was moving very fast high up. Two red and the a white light were visible form. I we were very still when it passed. It seemed slow than a jet. The object was a some sort of craft. There was a sored from it. It disappeared at about 9:35 p.m.

(A) (B)
AS I SAW IT PASSING OVERHEAD

Thank you for your time and trouble.
Sincerely yours,

P.S. - This was a start sighting of the same object at the same location.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

13. CONCLUSION
FACTS
1. OBSERVATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows an old document or report labeled "AIRRAFT" at the top.

AIRRAFT

Memo for the Record:

Letter was sent to the witness to clarify several points in his sighting. Witness confirms that the sighting involved only 27 June 1967, and that on that date he had put down the date as June 27, 1967. His information revealed that only 27 June 1967 was involved and he also helped to clarify the actual direction in which the object was seen.

It is interesting to note that the Wilkes-Barre - Scranton Airport control tower chief, at the time of the sighting, no activity was responsible for the sighting. Determination clearly shows that no air traffic activity could have accounted for the sighting.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form related to reporting unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for additional details.
1. When did you see the object? 1967 Year Month 
2. Time of day: Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 8. Eastern a. Central b. Mountain c. Pacific d. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Pittsburgh City or Town State or County 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day: a. Bright b. Cloudy Night: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answer options related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None 
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. CLOUDS CLEAR: 
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Fog, mist, or light rain
f. Moderate or heavy rain
g. Snow
h. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare's brightness to some common object: ___________________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Seem to turn or angle? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 23 -

The image contains a form or document, but does not appear to contain any photographs. The text on the form is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.
[Handwritten response]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.
[Handwritten response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound [Handwritten response]
b. Color [Handwritten response]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had determined this at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten sketch]

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____ _

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country? 
d. Over water?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No 
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other __________________ Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. 
Get a feather, hang it up, and see how it moves in the wind A round-shaped object, about the size of a marble, with a slight metallic sheen, moving through the sky at a steady pace.

- page 25 -

