The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a declassified U.S. government investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 Jan 67 / 1/025529
2. LOCATION: Arizona, California
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-20 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Air Visual
7. COURSE: NW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSIONS: As to (Civilian-Civilian) V 9944

The report describes an observation of a greenish-white object which was visible for several seconds. The pilot initially thought it was a meteorite but later concluded it must have been much larger and at a lower altitude. The object apparently exploded into several pieces. The report concludes that this object was a large fireball, likely a satellite re-entry, which is consistent with various organizations' assessments.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document:

At 0235 EST, 4 Jan 67, Major Winslow, USAF, telephonically advised 25th AF that a UFO incident as follows:

Sighted 2225 ESTCH/0625-0535Z) from Yuma, Arizona to coastline superior. A United Airlines pilot also reported it to the Los Angeles center, and pilot reported bright lights trailing sparks and flames, bright enough to light up the cockpit. Also the Yuma Proving Grounds at El Mirage Field reported bright lights trailing sparks and flames, bright enough to light up their cockpits. The object appeared to execute over the coastline.

Contact was made with SANDERS however they had only a fragment rent to the observer. It is unlikely that a fragment could have accounted for their sighting.

Contact was made with Vandenburg AFB and Point Mugu in regards to any missile activity which could have accounted for the sighting. In both cases there was no missile activity to account for the sighting.

Contact was made with the 27th Air Div, Luke AFB, Arizona. No information was available. Return call from Capt. Cross furnished the following information: The first call to the 27th was at 0525Z. The Los Angeles Center then again contacted the 27th and reported a sighting from Yuma, Arizona. The Los Angeles Center again called at 0534 4 Jan 67 to report that the lights had been a UFO.

Contact was made with the Yuma Proving Grounds(Army) in regards to the sighting. They actually saw the object that came over the province. It was at a drive-in movie and saw what he thought to be a large parachute. He said the object was predominately white and for about 2 seconds.

Contact was made with Air Route Traffic Control Center in Palm Springs. They had no information on the sighting. The watch supervisor who was on duty at the time of the sighting. Mr. Macy called back and said that he had contacted Mr. Frank Reed who was the watch superior on the night of the sighting. He said that the object was observed at an altitude of about 32,000 feet. The pilot said that he thought though that it was a UFO but didn't recall that it did anything outstanding. Other reports were made on the object from Yuma, Arizona, Bakersfield, San Diego, California.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten memo or report regarding contact made with the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in regards to a sighting. The text mentions that there have been no reports to his observatory regarding the particular sighting, and that he will contact some of the Moon-watch stations to determine if any of the members had heard or seen anything.

Memo for the Records:
4 JAN 67

Contact was made with the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in regards to the sighting. Conversation with Mr. ______ revealed that there have been no reports to his observatory as of this particular sighting. He will contact some of the Moon-watch stations to determine if any of the members had heard or seen anything.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Memo for the Records 5 JAN 67

Contact was made with the U.S. Naval Observatory, Flagstaff, Arizona (602-774-2523). Conversation with Dr. Kron, director, revealed that he reports had been forwarded to his observatory regarding a bright meteor or fireball being observed on 23 Jan 67. After calling the description of the object, he said that it was a description of a bright meteor. He said that it was a report for a large fireball. He said that according to his daughter it had been up a similar section of the atmosphere. Sometimes it trails is visible for several seconds during its descent. He added that the observatory is keeping a reccord of meteors and fireballs that are the clearing house for reports from other observers.

Contact was made with the Kitt Peak National Observatory, Tucson, Arizona (602-327-5511). There has been no reports made to this observatory in regard to any bright object of any kind and they had no record of any object.

- page 4 -

