The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a record of a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: APR 67 
2. LOCATION: Turnersfalls, Mass.
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: Straight
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

The brief summary and analysis states that the observer sighted the object, which appeared as a light, and that the object had no distinct outline and moved rapidly through the sky. The conclusion is that the object was a "Possible (AIRCRAFT)".

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribed text:

C.A.T. 5 iyiq cts. 
Springfield 
Please cut

(Entire Confidential file)
I have decided to make an official UFO experience
as my entire story address.

I have all supporting papers, notes, and newspapers on U.F.O.'s. I have to study end these.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It is a handwritten letter describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Dear Sirs:

I don't know what to do about what I saw the other night. I guess I had my head messed up.

It was over my girl friend's house. We were fooling around, looking around a bush. As we were watching television in the same old place.

At exactly 7:30 PM, I left her house. I stood out on the back porch looking around. The sky was clear and the wind was blowing hard. After looking around for a while, I saw something in the sky. It was a 70 degree angle. It had bright lights and was traveling at a speed of about 95-100 mph.

I walked out into the street and turned to see if [REDACTED] was watching it. I pulled up on our back yard and saw the U.F.O. was coming at a downward slant toward me. It started moving. I rushed back to see if I could get a lower angle. It started running faster at once.

I'm so fast that when it turned around, I was right under it. It got the same thing as when I got on the porch. The thing is just moving a lot faster than anything I ever saw. When I got out there, it had been 5 minutes was so frightened that I was unable for the rest of the night.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned document with handwritten text.

Text extracted from the document:

The night it was sighted it certainly did not look at all like a glass of water in the sky, what I was so startled about.

I seem to have panicked but I realize of course the chance of suddenly meeting this was an unusual situation.

I dont wish to reveal any detail of the whole incident. Please consider this letter into consideration.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
[Redacted]
Trumbull, G.T. O.s.c. Trumbull

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a questionnaire filled out regarding a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the unidentified object that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? (Day, Month, Year) April 7 1967
2. Time of day: 7:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): Eastern Central Mountain Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near the city Turners Falls Mass.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 52 Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Clock/Watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day NIGHT
a. Bright b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

WHATEVER THAT GLOWING!

12. The edges of the object were:
c. Other Light - hots and hazy, uneven

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes)
c. Break into parts or explode? (Yes)
d. Change brightness? (Yes)
e. Change shape? (Yes)
f. Flash or flicker? (Yes)
g. Disappear and reappear? (Yes)

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Bright white disappeared because of some breaks or mechanics and then perhaps reappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle one): Yes     No     Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:
The object house gone by front & did not appear to go behind anything to watch.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes    No    Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:
In front of (another) light.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: None
b. Color: Brightest white possible

18. Was it possible to know the angular size - that is, watch stick or arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you had confirmed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? (-) it's difficult.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, fins, exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Two sketch drawings of what appear to be UFOs are included in the image.]

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

Now, I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2,000 + mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car  
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other over a residential area of town

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  e. South
b. Northeast  f. Southwest 
c. East  g. West
d. Southeast  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyes (alone)   Yes   (No)
b. Sunglasses   Yes   (No)
c. Binoculars   Yes   (No)
d. Windshield  Yes   (No) 
e. Window glass   Yes   (No)
f. Telescope   Yes   (No)
g. Theodolite   Yes   (No)
h. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Bright shining object, diamond shaped, that changed and turned colors.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with various sketches and drawings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give data or date and location.
Yes - April 17 1957 and April 29 1957

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted] 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Name: [Redacted]
Last Name: [Redacted]
First Name: [Redacted]
Middle Name: [Redacted]
Address: Greenfield City, Mass.
Telephone Number: [Redacted]
Age: 12 1/2
Sex: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
[Redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
NOAAE, 1962, March

- page 10 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form with questions and space for written responses.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6- 16 - 67 Month Day Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire as a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFPC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: TDDR/UFO                                                                        25 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Apr 67

TO:    Greenfield, Massachusetts 01301

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which has been received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached PTD Form 16h and return it to the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

CHARLES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PTD Form 16h w/envelope

- page 12 -

