The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 FEB 67 1530/2322
2. LOCATION: Woodberry Forest, Virginia
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 75 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE AND SPEED: Not Stated
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Assessed (Possible)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document.

Text from the document:

it suddenly disappeared, and its speed in maneuver was such that it was estimated to travel at a speed of 900 mph. This object was silently observed moving in a general southerly direction, and they could not hear any sound emitted from it. The duration of this sighting was approximately 2 minutes.

These witness reports confirm that what they saw was a real, unfamiliar object, and not a familiar aircraft. The witnesses were reliable and experienced observers, and they have no rational explanation for what they observed. I commend their careful observations and explanations of what they saw.

Woodberry Forest School
Woodberry Forest, Virginia 22989

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFSC)
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: T DST/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 12 Feb 67

TO: Woodberry Forest School
Woodberry Forest, Virginia 22989

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please provide the sketches and drawings, if any, and return it to the Air Force.

/s/ C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
USAF Form 164 w/envelope

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire form used to gather information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make unless it is deemed necessary. We may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 21 Day Month Year
2. Time of day: Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other _______
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Van (Nearest Postal Address) City or Town State & County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 5.2 Was object in sight continuous? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Clear Hazy Cloudy NIGHT: Clear Hazy Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your back e. Don't remember

FTD OCT 43 164 THIS FORM SUPERSEDES FTD 341, 31 SEP 53, WHICH IS OBSOLETE.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object and the weather conditions at the time.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. As a light, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One) a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Slightly bright, c. Very bright, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES / NO / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES / NO / Don't know
c. Blink up into puffs or explode? YES / NO / Don't know
d. Change brightness? YES / NO / Don't know
e. Change shape? YES / NO / Don't know
f. Flash or flick? YES / NO / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES / NO / Don't know

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? YES _NO_
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? YES _NO_
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building window was open  b. In a car  c. Outdoors  d. In an airplane (type)  e. At sea  f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?  b. In the residential section of a city?  c. In an open countryside?  d. Near an airfield?  e. Flying over a city?  f. Flying over open country?  g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? YES _NO_

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  YES _NO_  b. Sun glasses  YES _NO_  c. Binoculars  YES _NO_  d. Telescope  YES _NO_  e. Windshield  YES _NO_  f. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a series of questions and space for responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place on your sketch the direction to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The image contains a compass or direction diagram, but no photograph. Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90° 75° 60°
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion or the path of the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date and location. No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 10 SEX 11
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NONE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[redacted]

- page 9 -

There appears to be no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document, likely part of the Project Blue Book records, containing a questionnaire with text that has been filled out.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 Day Month Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sightings:
already sent you the narrative

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Dear Major Quintanilla,

Feb. 20, 1967
I wish to furnish you something extremely strange which occurred at one of Woodberry Forest near Orange, Virginia at 10:22, Feb. 15, 1967.

During that windy night, as the evening and their window became green-white - greenish-white particles from the northeast to the south as the center of the crop. It climbed irregularly, stopped in mid-air, and even always continued in straight. Just before it disappeared over the horizon, it flashed in light (reminded me of like a flash of lightning) and then it disappeared. The shape of the object was similar to that of a capsule and occasionally appeared in the sky.

- page 11 -

