The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record with a form that has various fields filled out, but no visual image is present.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP: 3/21/45
2. LOCATION: B.l.n. nrc., N.Y.  
3. NUMBER OF WITNESSES: (l witness)
4. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT (with/after burnern)
5. SUMMARY OF OBJECTS: Two
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1-5 seconds
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
8. COURSE: W
9. PHOTOS: No

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document providing a detailed description of the observed object(s).

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Umbrella or bell, elongated. Second object spherical.
2. Size compared to a known object: An open umbrella 15-20 yards, a grapefruit 15-20 yards.
3. Color: dim red
4. Number: two
5. Formation, if more than one: Smaller object was slightly to the side and rearward.
6. Any discernible features or details: Large object appeared to have a prolonged top and clearly visible contours.
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to light: Bright fiery light (flame) for 4-5 seconds duration. Died out and object disappeared.
8. Sound; if heard, describe sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Glanced up in sky and noticed large reddish object.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed: 30 degrees above the horizon.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: 20 degrees above the horizon.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document page. It appears to be a form or report related to a UFO sighting, containing various details about the observation, such as the flight path, disappearance, and duration of the object, the manner of observation, the time and date of the sighting, the location, and identifying information about the observer.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Due we hovering for 102.
5. How did the object(s) disappear: Moved out of sight.
6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: Two minutes.
C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - visual
2. Optical Aids: None
3. N/A
D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 11 March 1967/2145-2200Z
2. Light conditions: Late afternoon.
E. Location of Observer(s): Playground: 23rd Street between 4 and 5th Brooklyn, New York
F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: Mr. [redacted]
3. Age: 74
4. Mailing Address: [redacted], Brooklyn, NY 11232
5. Occupation: Lawyer and Judge, retired
6. Estimate of Reliability: Poor

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book UFO report document, possibly from 1967.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sight
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: scattered clouds
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office: N/A
3. Ceiling:
4. Visibility:
5. Amount of cloud cover:
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:
7. Vertical temperature gradient:

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a text-based document describing a UFO sighting report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

Brooklyn March 16, 1967

Commander Stewart
Air Force Base 
New York-12554

Dear Sirs:

According to one of the latest issues of "Flying Saucers" I found on page 62 a sumnary of the United States Air Force which says ........... things which are with all probability the so called UFO phenomena, I dont use the official US Air Force UFO write down what I have. 

On March 11 Saturday in the afternoon I was with the huny line from Shore Road (Brooklyn) along 4 to 5th Avenue in Southbrooklyn.I descended near the 23 d Street and began to walk home along the Berean the walk and 5th Avenue).It was about 4:45 when I walked close to the playground. Between 5th and 4th Avenue that spot I had a good straight way (Arbeidsk) to the west of the playground. 
Once the object once noticed in a big reddish. object in this direction South-west under the angle about 30 with a so line among the clouds (scattered clouds)-the dim disc sun was at the left of the object. This object looked big (somewhat smaller than a full moon). This object penetrated top and clearly contours-with the top inclined to the west-it had the reanre of a big bell-like color-was "dim red". The following:If You take an open umbrella (with prolonged like a bell) and put it in the distance of about 15-20 in front of you-it was the size of this enormous dim-red among the clouds. But some inches to the right side of the object I noticed a small one-round bright as a fruit (seen in the distance of 15-20 yards from you)-disappeared.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

I. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of or balloon release at the time which might possibly account for the Description and action of objects does not correspond to any known ob the area has high density air traffic.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
CAPT STEPHEN LEVINE
Rated Pilot/Navigator
Det 1, 4650th Combat Support Squadron 
Stewart AFB, New York

A sighting over New York City of the magnitude and duration that Mr. described would have initiated many reports from that area; this is the that has been received by this installation. It appears that Mr. is describing what he has read and not actually saw. During his conversation with him, his description of his sighting would evolve to as he had read and not actually saw. He gave the impression of an elderly gentleman, a stranger in this country without any family and seeking attention.

I have enclosed a copy of his letter to the Base Commander at Stewart.

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

I clearly observed both objects about 2 minutes and therefore I was about 6 feet or close to that and size of them)-both were in the same direction with Verrazzano bridge far to the left and with dim a between them-both objects were above Staten Island but I am sure that they were many miles behind my latitude-after my observation the small round object began to shine with a bright flash (as if touching fire)-so about 4-5 seconds later the light distinguished at once-both objects became dim and they began to withdraw in the direct line from me very rapidly-they diminished in the range manner and disappeared.
I am deeply convinced that both objects were UFO-s. I am only trying to give a the possibilities-descriptive desription of what I have "seen" without any unnecessary additions.
My personala are following: I am 75 years old, former judge and lawyer in Europe where war "now I am working as organist in the church in Southbrooklyn,God thanks mentally that Almighty God for "giving Service"; since 6-7 years and I am very alert, for all UFO apparitions. I don, t read or watch any so called "Science Fiction" (TV).
Please excuse me this I am badly Your-and my personal too-personally I am deeply convinced in the existence of the extraterrestrial,flying machines which are visiting and watching our Earth.
Please accept from me the words my deepest gratitude.
Sincerely yours
[Redacted]
Brooklyn N.Y. 11232
TE [Redacted]

- page 7 -

