The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, likely an incident report form. 

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2. LOCATION: Hazelcrest, Illinois
3. DESCRIPTION: 
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (DP) 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1 
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Geophysical radar tracking alleged UFOs for several hours. Very good descriptions were noted. Investigation indicates this was probably a meteor event or a satellite.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

DIAMONDS CRYSTAL LABORATORY 
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS
13 April 1967

FTD (TDTDR)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
ATIC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
Ohio 45433

Attn: Major Hector Quintanilla

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Enclosed is my report of the investigation made on April 9: Mrs. Hazelcrest, Illinois.

Yours truly,
William T. Powers

The text in the image has been captured and output as requested.

- page 2 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten report describing an investigation of a UFO sighting that occurred on April 9, 1967 in Hazelcrest, Illinois.

INVESTIGATION OF APRIL 9, 1967
Hazelcrest, Illinois 60429
By
William T. Powers

This investigation was requested by Lt. Marley after several telephone calls from Mrs. Yvonne Gattuso, who had been observing UFO's in great numbers for several months, and felt that it was the duty of the Air Force to investigate them. 
An attempt was made to deal with the investigation by telephone and letter, but Mrs. Gattuso insisted on a personal visit, so she could demonstrate the phenomenon directly. A trip was made to Hazelcrest, during which a number of "UFO's" were observed by the investigator. The sightings, which occurred at intervals, were Venus, Jupiter, Mars, Capella, Castor, Pollux, and an undetermined star (possibly Vega) rising in the southeast.
Mrs. Gattuso, her sister-in-law and her husband were involved.
She has prepared a considerable amount of written material, which is enclosed. Taking the entire matter in the section is tabulated "April 9, 1967" in orders, discussion of the sightings follows:
August 1966. The oval metallic object with the hole on the bottom appears to be the only observed object that could be classed as unconventional. Since this is the only object noted, little in the way of definite fighting may explain the exciting interest shown by the witness in the sky. The object and its behavior resembles descriptions that have been received from other witnesses.
Nov-Dec. 1966. The "beeping" sound, while unexplained, seems to have had an unidentified effect on the witness and her family. Perhaps the explanation lies in the accumulation of an Ouija Board by the witness, as a Christmas present for the daughter, with which the woman and daughter became fascinated: the board was received five days before the beeps were heard.
Jan. 11, 1967. The witnesses were apparently told by the board to "look out the window"; when they did they saw a bright red object, low, approaching their home.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

the house, and then afterward two brilliant flashing white lights departing up and to the east. Immediately following this experience the witness apparently began to jelly out communications from "them", it was at this time the witness says she still did not take the board seriously, but clearly the needs had been planted.

Feb. 1. The witness began watching the sky every night, and started looking objections up and down, and scanning it again and again. It came out that none of the people involved could discern how a star or plane could seem to travel along with a car; they expected, apparently, to be able to divine past the object if it were a star. The lights which were seen in the sky, it was established during the interview, were like the lights the interviewer saw while there, which were definitely alerted and brilliant. There can be no doubt of this, because the witnesses pointed out the objects to the investigators, who examined them and with binoculars immediately recognized them.

The object which crossed over in front of the car and then went back was, emphasized that they were noting up to Chicago, not realizing that the Calumet Expressway turns, at one point, from due north to due east and then after a mile or two back to due north. The turns in this highway completely account for the "erratic" of Venus, and the time of day and direction of the object are correct for Venus.

Feb. 15. Venus again: the unusual aspect was its following the car, which the witnesses did not understand.

Feb. 17. Venus, airplanes, or stars: the description is the same as before.

Feb. 20. The lights which were seen contained the description as before, coming from the direction of O'Hare International Airport, 45 miles away, and Glenview Naval Air Station, a definite V-shape was seen, with lights in the usual positions for running lights on an airplane. The witnesses were not aware that airplanes can turn on their landing lights in the air, nor of the appearance of such landing lights.

Feb. 22. The blue streak of light, from all descriptions, was a meteor.

One of the group, Mr. M. recalled having seen similar objects in the past, but wasn't sure what a meteor looked like. 

Feb. 24. The escort to the Loop, despite the witnesses' comments, were apparently stars or planets.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

probably stars or planets. The darting and swooping is a common description and results from notions of the line of sight, not from motions of the object. The increase seen not decrease seen but the big dipper. The "may dipper" mentioned elsewhere is the Pleiades; the "Little Dipper" was misidentifying to be its apparent stop, followed by motion in the opposite direction. The witness stated children our straidiance and was assured that an airplane in the landing pattern for Hammond-landing Airport, which is in that direction and was said to lights would indicate guided precisely that appearance. The witness had called the local NIKE base, and had been told, in her words, "that I needed something during this period the conversations had continued, and the sense of mystery was very real, the person was attempting to remain level-headed, but the affair was upsetting.

Mar. 5: The series of red lights, which were similar to what the investigator saw during the sightings, followed at fairly regular intervals along the southeast approach (from over Gary, Indiana) to O'Hare Field.

The series of lights in a row which later changed formation were not flights on radio-telephones which later changed. There were multiple 
planes-bag balloons of the type currently popular being illuminated from an adjacent aircraft, While no definite information about the number was obtained, it was pointed out to the witnesses that a series of balloons trailing some lights could easily be displaced from a straight line in the transition zone, after which the new arrangement would tend to remain constant. The lights going out in order of course, would correspond with the burning out of the birthday candles in approximately the order in which they were lit.

(Near the end of the interview, the witness pointed out the white starlike object that was seen for 45 minutes; it was, indeed, a starlike object. Mr. Marlowe asked at one point whether it were possible for a star to appear and disappear if clouds came in front of it). It was about at this date that Mr. Marlowe called Major (Quintanilla, and the investigator was notified and called Mrs. Marlowe.)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Mrs. ___ has sent a slide to the investigator, a photograph taken with an Instamatic (with flash) of a white light seen in the northeast. This cannot be a planet or star, since they are not that direction, and no stars would show in such a short exposure (about 1/50 second). It may be a landing light. The picture is now being analyzed and it will be forwarded with comments when the analysis is finished. The object appears as a slightly elongated white dot.

All the witnesses appeared perfectly honest and sincere; moreover, they were fully satisfied from ballistic considerations with respect to any of the objects seen by the investigator, since real objects were in fact there. However, the witnesses were not highly suspicious, and said as much, so they were unaware of the simplest facts of astronomy. Mr. ___ said that the most interesting thing he learned about the investigator was that stars can move in the sky, rising and setting like the sun or moon; he said that this fact certainly explained a lot of what they had seen. For they assumed that the slow motion of the objects meant that they could not be stars or planets.

The investigator did not express any positive opinions about the worth of Ouija Boards as means for obtaining information. Instead, he gave a short discussion of the uncertainty involved, when it can be seen in operation during dreams and when one gets inspirations without knowing where they come from, and pointed out that since those who Ouija Board pioneer to do are said by one's own muscles and brain, it is certainly possible that what is written is coming from the unconscious, although one must still consider the ultimate source of the material.

One of the witnesses pointed out herself that this might account for why the "recommendations" had a different character for each person working the board. This discussion met with great interest. The investigator voiced the opinion that as one source of all the possible reasons for the operation of the Ouija Board, he saw no harm in exploring the phenomenon, pointing out that many scientific discoveries proceed by various means.

At the end of the interview, it became evident that Mrs. ___ had felt greatly relieved, especially to be rid of the idea that something had gone wrong with her car (as one point she had obviously been pondering more and more heavily on her car one point during the board and all driven material associated with this experience - but the red lights kept).

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page of text from a UFO report document.

Coming by). The obvious sincerity of her concern that comes through in the related material was fully borne out in the interview; Mrs. concern was also evident, as was his determination to be loyal to his wife and to believe as she believed.

Despite the fact that the subject-matter proved to be a rather ordinary series of misidentifications (save perhaps the very first sighting), the investigator concludes that the results of the trip were well worth the effort.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

Memo for the record: 16 Mar 67

Received call from a friend , on or about 7 March 67, indicating that the family has been observed for nearly three years by these unusual craft. They have been circling the area many times. They have seen large and light craft.

Received call from__ wanting to know if the AF was going to come out and talk with them. He had something to tell the AF. He was told drawing, of the fishing and or other crafts. He claimed to talk with them in person.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
2 MAY 1967

FTD (TDETE)
RESEARCH and AERIAL Phenomena Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Attn: Lt. Marley

Dear Sir:

Mrs. Marlowe wants the written material she sent to us; she is going to consult a doctor and feels that it may be pertinent. Could you send it to her right away?

Address: 7710 Turtle Creek Drive
Hazelcrest, Illinois 60429

Thanks.

s/ Bill Powers

Sent 8 May 1967

- page 9 -

