The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a historical record of UFO investigations by the United States Air Force.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
24 Jan 67 25/0230Z Colorada 
3. WITNESS 4. SOURCE
1 witness Civilian
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
5 minutes Observer sighted a white colored object with a dull, glowing
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION light that flashed slowly on and off. Sighting occurred at high 
Visual altitude and the object was seen to descend slightly to the left during its flight.
7. COURSE The description is consistent with that of an aircraft landing. The sighting was investigated
Straight
8. PHOTOS
N/A
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
N/A
(TD SEE 29-0329 (TDE)Previous editions of this form may be used.)

- page 1 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting.

T TACHCSAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATS)
UNITED STATES AIR PORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE , COLORADO

REPLY TO
ATTMt OP: KTDP

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs)

TO: PDg, (TZZTB), Wright-Patterson APB, Ohio 45433

When unidentified flying objects (UFOs) are reported, the following information will be gathered and forwarded as indicated by Air Force Regulation 200-2.

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: Roundd

(2) Size compared to a known object (such as one of the following: pea, dime, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, basketball, grapefruit. etc.)

(3) Color: CREAMY WHITE 
(4) Number: One (1) 
(5) Duration: 12 more then one.
(6) Any discernible features or details: None

b. Object(s) Trail, or trajectory, including size of same compared to size of object:
None

c. Sound: If heard, describe sound. None

d. Additional Pertinent or unusual features: Dull pulsating reddish light flashing slowly on and off.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

b. Description of course or direction(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
Object was looking out windshield of auto, speed of object and not unidentifying.
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed. 45 or 50 degrees
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
Did not disappear. Appeared to be stationary near Stapleton Airport when last seen. Still at 45 or 50 degrees
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
Vertical slightly to lost.
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Did not disappear.
(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)
Five (5) minutes. Observation.
c. Description of the object(s):
(1) The one or any combination of the following terms: Ground-visual, air visual, ground-radar, and air-radar.
Ground - visual.
(2) Apparent size (dime-sized, thumbnail, etc.) and so forth.
Dime.
(3) If any sighting is made, while at rest, give type of object, identification markings, altitude, heading, speed, and noise and action.
N/A
d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Date-time-group of sighting: 022002/25 Jan 67

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

General conditions: (Case No. 2/ This following control. In days)

1. Location of Observer(s): Report latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographic location (town, city, etc.) with sufficient detail to permit a future inspection.

2. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(l) Civilian - Mrs. Mary --- Davit, Colorado, 80207.
Reliability - Unknown
(2) Military - None, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability - N/A

3. Objects - and nature of course or motion or size of object or sighting:
UNKNOWN - Details did not have this info.

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions: A little cloudy in patches but mostly clear.

(2) Details from records (or U.S. Weather Bureau Office) of wind, cloud cover, etc. at observation time: Wind 120 degrees at 15 knots.

(3) Ceiling: 11,000 feet
(4) Visibility: 20 miles
(5) Amount of cloud cover: 10/10
(6) Thunderstorms in area or quadrant in which located: None

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document or report.

OCR output:

Any other unusual activity or condition, not aerological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting:

1. Interruption of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, consistent with existing air defense directives).

None

2. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight or course:

Unknown

3. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting:

Thomas E. Deigan, Chief Operations Controller, Denver FICO Director

4. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:

None

Report taken by Sgt M.D. Murry

- page 5 -

