There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record that contains text information about a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE/TIME GROUP  
 28 MAR 67
2. LOCATION
Spotswood, New Jersey
3. WITNESS
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 
Ground visual
7. COURSE
W to E
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No
10. CONCLUSION
Possible SATELLITE

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was first white, then turned red. Apparent "arc shaped" descent from vertical to horizontal, but then went straight up. Observer is a youth of 10 years. He stated they have a club on UFO's. The photos taken did not come out.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph or image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output all the text found in the document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
YES (X)   NO ( )
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES (X)   NO ( )
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Spotswood, N.J.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Blackledge 
ADDRESS Spotswood, N.J.
TELEPHONE NUMBER Blackledge
AGE 10 SEX BOY
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Since I have seen this object, my friends and I have been discussing it. We have factory-like lights not far away and some are concerned that what we saw was actually that equipment. We have factory-like items in the area which may give the impression that what we saw was something unusual. 

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
March 7, 1967 to parents

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a questionnaire or report related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day - ___ Month - ___ Year - ___

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a handwritten letter.

DEAR SIR:
Your telegram was received today and was quite a shock to us.  I can assure you that The enclosure was just a joke on my brother's birthday and was not meant seriously.  I can see how you would be disturbed and worried over the contents.  We had no such thing in mind, nor do we have any plans to try anything of that nature.  I am sincerely sorry for the confusion and trouble this has caused you and your office.  Please accept my apologies and I hope there will be no further misunderstanding.
Sincerely yours,

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph or image. It appears to be a handwritten document with text and a signature at the top.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

Charles Franks
Spotswood 3-7-67

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force regarding the submission of a photograph or sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The text of the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Dear APR 28 1957

Reference your letter in which you submitted a photograph 
or an alleged unidentified flying object (UFO).

If you would cooperate the inclosed PFD Form 164 and return
it to this office, a detailed investigation will 
be undertaken. In addition, the following camera data would be
of value in the investigation:

a. Type and make of camera.
b. Type, focal length, and make of lens.
c. Type and type of film.
d. Exposure time and F stop.
e. Filters used.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments:
PFD Form 164
Spotawood, New Jersey 08884

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire, which is used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed; the information you give will be used in research projects in connection with any reports, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? March 1967
2. Time of day: 7:00 - 7:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M. (BETTER NIGHT)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Redacted
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Clear, Hazy, Partly Cloudy, Overcast b. NIGHT: Bright, Not bright, Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

The form contains details about the witness's observation of the unidentified aerial phenomenon, including the time, location, duration, and sky conditions.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions related to UFO sightings.

Text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. & c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. (full moonlight)
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Storms?
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and take off at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Dim off or wink out? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and not reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The OCR (Optical Character Recognition) text output from the image is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (X) No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (X) No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Nil
b. Color Grayish white, shaped like football Pear

18. We need to know the angular size of the object compared to the known size of the moon in the sky. What fraction or part of the moon's diameter was covered by the object? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match? 1/2

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The drawn image shows an oval-shaped object.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 60 miles an hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? over head

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In your car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest 
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 10 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and instructions related to a UFO sighting report. The diagram shows a compass rose with various angles and directions labeled, as well as instructions for the witness to provide information about the sighting.

Here is the text output from the document:

27. In the following, place an "A" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

