The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically case 10073, which occurred on 23 Aug 67 in Price, Utah. The document provides details about the case, including the source being a civilian, the number of objects observed, the length of observation, the type of observation (ground visual), and a brief summary and analysis of the incident. The text on the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: 23 Aug 67
2. LOCATION: Price, Utah
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Probable (BALLOON)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: No Report
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Rising Vertically
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Probable (BALLOON)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer was driving along, when he observed a group which appeared to be shapped balloons, brilliantly lighted throughout. From the movement and maneuver exhibited, did not appear to be a balloon, but was moved by a force unseen. Persons in this car who were asleep, were wakened by the lights directed down as if examining the car. When objects disappeared, no light directed down as if examining the car. When objects disappeared, no light reflected from the ground was observed.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a UFO report.

September 19
WRIGHT PATTERSON FIELD 
DAYTON, OHIO
Attention: U.F.O. Department
Gentlemen:
This summer my wife and I, along with two friends, were vacationing in the Yosemite area. We were particularly interested in objects seen in the night sky, and set up a watch on several occasions near our campgrounds, away from any concentrated sources of light.
On one night around 11 p.m. September 23, it was quite dark and we were watchfully scanning the sky when a light suddenly appeared in the North, West of the road. At first it appeared as an ordinary star, but gradually it began increasing in size and brightness, and started moving across the sky. 
It immediately became much brighter, changing color as it moved, appearing to be various shades of green, red, and blue. As it approached the zenith, it appeared to be the size of a dime held at arm's length, and its brilliance was so intense that it cast a bright illumination on the ground below.
It continued on across the sky, growing smaller in size as it moved away, finally disappearing in the South-east. The entire observation lasted about 3 minutes.
Upon returning to our campgrounds we immediately discussed the occurrence, and the consensus of opinion was that it was not an airplace, satellite, or any conventional celestial object. While we cannot offer a specific identification, it was definitely not a normal occurrence in our experience, and seemed to substantiate reports of UFO activity in that general area.
If you can provide any information which might help explain this occurrence, I would appreciate hearing from you.
Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

TEST/UFO (May Quintanilla/70916/ths/30 Sep 67)
UFO Observation, August 23, 1967
Shawnee, Kansas 66203
Reference your unidentified observation of August 23, 1967
which you reported in your recent letter.
1. As you indicated, the balloon in question is over thirty days old, we do feel that you possibly observed this balloon.
2. There have been numerous cases of plastic clothes bags being mistaken for balloons. The balloons in unusual sizes seen as UFOs may be plastic bags from five to fifteen minutes, and when the wind dies down to the point where the bag stops moving, it usually stays aloft from five to fifteen minutes and when the wind picks up again, the bag goes down or out and pieces of it may also be seen.
3. This is not an observation on fighting this, only a description of one of the more common causes of sightings this summer.
Enclosed is a DD Form 1396 which you can complete and return this office in the enclosed envelope if you wish the Air Force to investigate as your original report. We may be unable to act, however, if the report is not kept over thirty days.
GEORGE C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 3 -

