The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing information about an unidentified object observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: AUG 7, 1967
2. LOCATION: Grand bank road and I-75, Michigan
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: From moving auto
7. COURSE: North
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Witness sighted an object that was as bright as a mercury vapor down street lights and looked like an elongated object.
Comments: The case was not submitted until Feb 68 at which time it was to late to investigate.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a USAF sighting questionnaire document.

APPENDIX A
USAF SIGHTING QUESTIONNAIRE*
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the US Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 20 August 1969
2. Time of day: 10:00 Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): c. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 6 miles east and 2-1/2 miles south of Marshall, Michigan
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 minutes 55 seconds
5.1 Was its motion in sight determined? steady and at constant speed
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): d. To your left

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting. 

A-2
8. IF you saw the object AT NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Can't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: The object was A BRIGHT GLOWING TYPE OF OBJECT

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Can't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Appear to wobble, sway, or oscillate?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear, while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, it sailed out.
15. Did the object move behind something of any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, (No), Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ______
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, (No), Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: ______
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - ___
b. Color - whitish-pale red.
18. Is it possible to know the angular size? Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment, what percentage of the object would have been covered by the match head? All 80%
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please be sure to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes
21. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate the object was? 1 mile in 7 seconds
22. Where did you first see the object? f. Other
23. Where was the object located when you first saw it? c. Near an airfield
24.1 What direction were you moving? West
24.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? Yes - Binoculars
26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or aircraft which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. [Handwritten description provided]

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page, only a sketch or diagram. 

The text in the document is:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten text below this question: Traveled 2 straight lines]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what looks like a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] [Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 62 SEX [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a handwritten document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: January 17 1964
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object was quite brilliant and was seen by an auxiliary police officer (Thomas Hightower), who was riding with me, better than I could see it. It appeared larger than the full moon and was moving at a much greater speed than an airplane, reflecting flashes of light that were blinding at times. It was traveling in a north-easterly direction and was observed for several minutes before it disappeared from sight. It was not the usual airplane or satellite and after the object disappeared we could hardly believe what we had witnessed. The color of the object was a brilliant white with flashes of red and blue lights intermittently. After the object disappeared, we could still see a glow in the sky where it had been.

- page 8 -

