There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing a form with various fields filled out, such as the location, conclusion, and physical evidence. As requested, I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10373 RECORD
1. DATE / TIME GROUP: 2/9/67
2. LOCATION: GLASSBORO, NEW JERSEY
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 
SEE CASE FILE
Physical Evidence: NONE

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - Middle Name
ADDRESS - Street, City, State, Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER - Area Code
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - July 
Month - 30
Year - 1972

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: Bearing light about 15-20 minutes. Viewed from inside my home.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document on Department of the Air Force letterhead, dated 2 March 1967, regarding a UFO observation reported on 25 Feb 67 in Glassboro, New Jersey.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 25 Feb 67  

TO: Mr. ------, Glassboro, New Jersey 08028

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Because you completed the attached PD Form 1-6 and returned it to the Air Force, your observation has been entered into the files.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch  
PD Form 16 w/envelope

- page 4 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be considered with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you supply all the personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
3. Time Zone: a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Time Duration) a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Night c. Dight d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? a. In back of you b. To your right c. In front of you d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text in the form of a questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The text in the image is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS: (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Bright d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. Obscured by clouds d. Don't remember
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Scatters - clouds d. Thin c. heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Mild c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember
10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Yes d. Don't remember
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. About the same c. Dimmer d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle any): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Yes No Don't know a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? c. Break up into parts or explode? d. Change brightness? e. Change shape? f. Emit light or sparks? g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and instructions for the observer to fill out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound
b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or small object in line with a known object and not try to determine what angle the object would have subtended if you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting. How much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a sketch that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please be as accurate as possible to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, possibly part of Project Blue Book, with questions and answer choices related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
YES  NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)
YES  NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At a drive-in theater
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In your own country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES  NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  YES  NO
b. Sunglasses  YES  NO
c. Binoculars  YES  NO
d. Window glass  YES  NO
e. Telescope  YES  NO
f. Theodolite  YES  NO
g. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or vehicle which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram with instructions for sketching the motion of an object observed in the sky. The diagram includes a compass-like element and instructions for plotting the object's position relative to the horizon.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely a form or questionnaire for witnesses to fill out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS - Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE, SEX

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day, Month, Year

- page 10 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a sketch that depicts the movement of an unidentified object in the sky. The sketch includes a compass-like diagram and instructions for the viewer to imagine a sighting scenario.

The image does not contain any photographs, only the sketched diagram and accompanying text.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show the lowest point on the horizon that the object reached. Place an "C" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place an "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

