The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document. The text visible in the document is as follows:

PROJECT •73 RECORD
1. f-'iLl CASE :6-20-61 
10. CONCLUSIONS (Tentative)
A. l.tro (VENUS) Very bright. 7:21 
Person was on an azimuth of 290 degrees at an elevation of 5 degrees.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
CASE FILE

7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
VISUAL (TX)

8. NO. PHOTOS
1) Yes
2) No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 
1) Yes
2) No

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Project Blue Book
Attn: Major Hector Quintanilla
Wright-Patterson AFB

Dear Sir:

I am writing you this time not in asking for information, but in reporting to you about a UFO that I saw, along with five other people, and two other people (which I did not know about at the time). The sighter's names are as follows:

Initial sighter in our group:
[Redacted], 14 years old, female
Toledo, Ohio 43614
[Redacted], 14 years old, male
Toledo, Ohio 43609
[Redacted], 35 years old
Toledo, Ohio 43614 
[Redacted], 44 years old
Toledo, Ohio 43614
[Redacted], 36 years old
Toledo, Ohio 43614

The object was first seen 7 April 1967, at 2110 hours.
E.S.T.

At this time we were approximately one hundred yards S.W. of Woodsdale Ave., while traveling N.E. on the Anthony Wayne Trail, Toledo, Ohio 43609 (as near as I can recollect).

The object was in sight for about twenty minutes. I know this because it took the house to tell my mother and father about it and there was a clock right near the door. The object was in sight continuously because two of my friends were outside watching while I was inside.

The object was seen at night. There were many stars that night but no moon. No clouds were visible and the weather was clear.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an account of a UFO sighting. The text describes the object first appearing as one white light and two red ones. It mentions that the object's lights were much brighter than the stars, and that the edges of the object were like a star at first, then became more blurred. The object was moving and the observers noted its brightness fluctuating. At one point, the object dropped toward the end of the sighting, but came back into view almost immediately. The text states that the object could not be distinguished in the distance and that it had a large diameter. It also mentions the estimated speed of the object and its movement away from the observers.

The object first appeared as one white light and two red ones. Ten minutes later, they viewed it with a 25 or 30 power hand telescope. The lights were much brighter than the stars, about like looking into a car headlight from a distance of 200 yards. The edges of the object were like a star at first, then became more blurred, but were still recognizable as solid edges. Most of the time while the object was in view, it was moving, at varying degrees of speed. At first it had one brilliant white light and two dimmer red ones. Then, as it came closer, there appeared to be a larger number of lights. For a brief period, the red lights disappeared and only the white one stayed, continuing to get brighter and brighter. After the light dimmed down, the object seemed to hover. The only time they lost the object was at the end of the sighting when it slowly descended behind some houses. At one time, the object dropped toward the end of the sighting, but came into view again almost immediately. At no time did it go in front of anything. The object would have had to have been quite large in diameter to be distinguishable at the distance it was from them. The color of the object was mostly whitish except for one time when the object had two adjacent red lights in view. When the object was first sighted, its speed was estimated to be well over 100 mph and it went up and away from them. When it stopped moving away and started going down slowly, it was about two and one-half to three miles from them. We first sighted the object while we were traveling. Vision was not distorted though, because the weather was clear. We stopped the car and got out at our house and continued to watch the object.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a sighting of a UFO.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

After a while I ran into the house and picked up about a 25x to 30x power hand telescope and viewed the object through this. 

If the object were to be compared with another object towards the end of the sighting, it would most likely be compared with a hot air balloon as the object seemed to be low in the sky. There was no sound that could accompany a balloon balloon because there were no balloons in the area and there were none. To my knowledge, there are no other aircraft or crafts that could have caused this sighting nor could natural phenomenon.

When the object first saw the it was at about 16 or 17 degrees in a westerly direction. The last we saw of the object it was at about 25 degrees.

The path of the object seemed strange to me because it seemed to be coming straight down, increase greatly in speed and went up and away from the first position. The white light kept getting brighter and brighter instead of dimming out.

There was only one object I could see during the entire sighting.

At the time of the sighting, two other people were with me. They both saw the object at the same time as I did. We all agree that what we saw was most extraordinary. I must say, I believe that I have filtered out the crackpots, for this seems to be a case of pictures of UFOs. I can tell from this and other authentic UFO sightings that I think the phenomena that have been described are both puzzling and true accounts of pictures of phenomena.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a detailed written account of a UFO sighting incident.

Three days after our sighting was made, I found out from one of my relatives that she had made a UFO sighting at the same night as ours. I immediately called her up to find out her description of her sighting. It was as follows: One of her relatives (who wishes to remain anonymous) called her on the telephone and told her that they could see a strange object in the sky. She did this and was attracted immediately to two stationary red lights up in the sky. The lights were a lot brighter than stars and they were closer than the stars. After a while, it did start to move and it moved toward her direction. As it got closer, it broke up into a couple of seconds and when she came back it was gone. This all happened on the same night we saw our UFO. I believe the same relative that Dr. called on Friday night when we saw the object, because on the following day, he said he had sighted an UFO near the object we saw. We called him on the phone also, and he told me the same story as the previous witness. He was standing and watching when he noticed an object of enormous size coming in his direction out of the sky. It kept coming toward him and he observed it seemed to slow down. It was silent as its lights were just gone. It appeared again for a while and its lights were just gone. At this time the object was right overhead, about three hundred feet up. It looked as if it was stationary with a flickering light. He claims it hovered in a stationary direction for several minutes where he was. After he got tired of watching the object, he went inside. It seems to me that after he quit watching the object, we saw it coming our direction and believe his verbal account on what he saw. I know he is a good witness and his sighting incident day aircraft cannot be questioning. I'm sorry this report was not in sooner than this, but it took me a while to persuade and regrets it to the best of my ability.

- page 5 -

