The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 6-9 MAR. 67
2. SOURCE CIVIL.IAN
3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS Multiple
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Varied
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground visual (GV)
6. COURSE Varied
7. PHOTOS None
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE None
9. CONCLUSION
1. UNIDENTIFIED  
2. INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
3. IDENTIFIED AS Probable Conventional

10. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
3325 CASE FILE

FTD SE 43 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a typed report containing a narrative timeline of events.

TELETYPE

Arrived Moline Airport at 1415 hours.
1430 - Moline Police Station - Viewed film
1500 - Interviewed- Took statements.
1600 - Visited sighting area - C-route, Moline.
1700 - Interviewed calls verifying air traffic, weather, radar sightings etc.
1800 - Set up appointments with Deputies and interviewed several clients.
2100 - Interviewed Secret Agent Hunt.
2200 - Contacted Guard Pilots.
2300 - Interviewed Deputy viewed sighting area.
0100 - Interviewed Deputy viewed sighting area.
0400 - Termination of interview with
1000 - Weymouth, received physical evidence, received additional physical evidence from USAF. 
1130 - Obtained map of flight from GW Luchner.
1200 - Interviewed  checked camera and arranged for receipt of film copy. 
1300 - Visited R. T. Arsend, checked with Central Security and Traffic Department at Headquarters.
1400 - Visited transient refueling and transient maintenance area's at Molin ACFT on Commercial Air.
Departed Moline at 1720 hours on Commercial Air.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, with the title "PART III" and the text "AREAS OF INVESTIGATION" printed on the page.

PART III

AREAS OF INVESTIGATION

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with the title "PART III" and the text "AREAS OF INVESTIGATION" printed on it.

AREAS OF INVESTIGATION

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, listing various "Areas of investigation" such as weather bureau, airports, military bases, and other organizations that were likely involved in investigating the reported UFO sighting.

Area's of investigation.

A. Weather Bureau (Moline) (Chanute AFR, Illinois).
B. Airports and aircraft movement.
    (1) Quad City Tower.
    (2) Joliet Joy Tower.
    (3) Rock Island Arsenal.
    (4) Chicago ARTC.
    (5) Joliet Radio.
    (6) Burlington Radio.
    (7) ADC 20th Air Division.
    (8) 110th Air Trans, Iowa Air Guard
    (9) Illinois Army Guard at Quad City
    (10) Quad City Airport Manager (Servicing)
    (11) Galesburg Airport Manager
    (12) State Police Helicopters
    (13) Private small helicopters
C. Witness interrogation - contained in Section IV.

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with the text "SECTION A" printed in the center.

SECTION A

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, providing weather information.

The text in the document is as follows:

The following weather information was received by telephone from the U. S. Weather Bureau station in Moline, Illinois:

Winds: Surface 1,300 hrs CST 120/12 3 24
1,400 hrs CST 160/14 6 24

Ceiling: Clear condition prevailed.

Visibility: Unlimited, over 15 Mi in all directions

Temperature: Plus 12 degrees centigrade at surface.
Plus 2 degrees centigrade at 5,000 feet.
Minus 16 degrees centigrade at 10,000 feet.

No weather balloons were launched on the 9th of March. No information regarding concerning weather balloons from other stations was of the holding.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a scanned page from a document or report. The text on the page provides information about surface temperatures at different altitudes, along with wind speeds at those altitudes.

Transcript of the text in the document:

Altitude, of Mar 67: Surface temperatures in area are 26 - 29° F. Surface winds are calm advisoryield Speed is 7 to 10 knots. The low clouds and fog are diminishing from the NW, but at the present time, the area is relatively free from significant clouds. A temperature drop is due before moving.

Winds Aloft
2000 feet    320°/18 Kts
5000 feet    300°/20 Kts 
8000 feet    280°/22 Kts
10,000 feet  310°/18 Kts

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s. The image contains a meteorological weather chart or map, but does not appear to contain any photographs.

Extracted text from the document:

SURFACE WEATHER
07 MAR 1957 0900Z/0000C
PATTERN: Ah SOURCE

- page 9 -

The image provided appears to be a map or a diagram, but there is no photograph present.

The text found in the document is as follows:

SURFACE WEATHER
PO PAR 1957-0800/3302/
MND
DEC
DEC
MND
MND
RND

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document that includes numerical data on surface temperatures and wind speeds at different altitudes.

1,300 L 09 Mar 67: Surface temperatures in area are 50° F, showing a warming rise of about 30° since midnight. Surface winds are South Westerly at 12 knts, tending to 25 knts. Some scattered high clouds are in the area.

Winds Aloft:
3,000 feet     210°/35 Kts
5,000 feet     250°/50 Kts 
8,000 feet     280°/35 Kts
10,000 feet   280°/40 Kts

Radio increase with height:
35,000 feet   300°/55 Kts
45,000 feet   280°/85 Kts
50,000 feet   270/90 Kts

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

At about 1:30 p.m., March 9, 1967, the observer sighted an object he at first thought was a Government helicopter. It appeared clearly to be metallic and was moving at a high rate of speed. The observer could see no propelling devices and it appeared to be under intelligent control. It was first seen to the northwest and finally seemed to dart away toward the northeast. A second object was then observed which appeared and disappeared in a similar manner, moving at a high rate of speed. The entire incident lasted approximately 1+3 p.m. CST. The observer managed to report the sighting to the local air traffic control tower.

Surface winds were northerly at 12 knots, gusting to 24 knots. The descriptions, durations and flight characteristics were similar to that of a balloon. The 8mm film failed to reveal any information that would corroborate this evaluation.

- page 12 -

This image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a meteorological chart or surface weather map, but no photograph is present in this specific image.

SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATION FROM APRIL 15-1900C PLOTTER: Air + 50F
WIND: SSE - 12KNOTS
VISIBILITY: 12 MILES
WEATHER: CLEAR

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page of text from a Project Blue Book document.

Midnight, 09 Mar 67. Temperatures in area in the lower 20's. Surface winds are southerly at 5-10 knots, increasing with height. At 3000 feet the winds are 220o/, 15 knots, slowly increasing with height. At 6000 feet 270o/10 kts; 10,000 feet 290o/13 kts.

- page 14 -

This image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a map or diagram showing various geographic features and symbols, but does not contain any photographs. 

The text output from this document is as follows:

SURFACE WEATHER 
CHARLOTTE A/S 20C 12/2030Z

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with text describing weather conditions, including the temperature in the area of lower 40's and surface winds with no significant cloudiness in the area.

Midnight, 10 Mar 67. Temperature in area lower 40's. Surface winds are generally, 8 - 12 knots. No significant cloudiness in area.

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram with various symbols and coordinates. There is no visible photograph in this image.

SURFACE WEATHER 
10 MAR 57 0330Z/0030C
PLOTTER: N3 0043

- page 17 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, but there is no visible image or photograph present.

Turning to the text in the document:

13.01-IST 21 MAR 67 - LIGHT AND VARIABLE.
Temperatures in area 38 - 41 F. Surface winds are high cirrus cloudiness.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book, that contains a map or diagram.

The text in the document reads:

SURFACE WEATHER
11 March 1967/0000Z
H UPPER AIR GOLF /00000/

- page 19 -

This document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, but it does not contain any photographs. The text describes various reports and sightings related to airports, aircraft movements, and security elements at different locations. As an OCR system, I will simply output the text found in the document:

B. Airports and aircraft movement.
1. Quad City Tower.
The Tower Chief was contacted and requested to question all of his operators concerning any sightings or unusual activities. The movement of helicopters were also noted, however the times did not correlate with the daylight sightings on the 9 March at 1330 by citizens.
2. Count Joy Tower.
The Tower Chief was contacted and requested to question all of his operators concerning any sightings or unusual activities. The movement of a Lear Air Guard helicopter operating from the airport on 9 March 1967.
3. Rock Island Arsenal.
A check was made with the security and transportation elements at the Rock Island Arsenal Headquarters. There were no air movements there. The arsenal has a heli-port, however it was not used on 9 March 1967.
4. Chicago ARTC, Aurora, Illinois.
The Center was questioned about any unusual sightings or unexplainable radar returns. They reported none.
5. Joliet Radio FS3.
6. Burlington Radio FS3.
Both stations were questioned of unusual sightings or reports. They reported none.
7. ADC, 20th Air Division.
Relay through Chicago Center to ADC was made concerning unusual radar contacts. They reported none.
8. 1105th Air Transport Squadron, Iowa Air Guard. 
The Air Guard had a CH-37B Helicopter, 71657, on a combined test

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Airports and aircraft movement.
1. Quad City Tower:
His tower operators for this date have stated that there were no unusual sightings or activities. He questioned his operators and later stated that there was no unusual activity. There were no flights by the Quad City Airport during the daylight sighting on the 9th of March at 1:30.
2. The Tower Chief was contacted and requested to question all of his operators and later stated that there was no unusual activities. He questioned his operators and was told that there were no unusual activities.
3. Rock Island Arsenal:
A check was made with the security and transportation elements at the Rock Island Arsenal Headquarters. There were no air movements noted: the activity was normal. It was not used on 9 March.
4. Chicago ARTC, Aurora, Illinois:
The Center was questioned about any unusual sightings or unexplained radar returns. They reported none.
5. Joliet Radio ZSQ:
Burlington Radio 333. Both stations were questioned of unusual sightings or reports. They reported none.
7. AIC, 20th Air Division:
Relay through Chicago Center to AIC was made concerning unusual radar contact. They reported none.
8. 1405th Air Transport Squadron, Iowa Air Guard:
An Air Force C-130H Hercules, serial 72-1657, operating from Quad City Airport, Moline, Illinois as a scheduled test flight at 1:30, was over the Quad City area and headed to Thompson, Illinois. The craft returned direct to Quad City Airport at 2:00 feet at an altitude of 8,000 feet. The flight was a routine night flight. No information was indicated to contact local units.
9. Illinois Army Guard at Quad City:
Colonel [redacted] from the Illinois Army Guard stated he had no air traffic on the 9th of March.
10. Quad City Airport Manager:
The services of the airport were checked for the possibility of a helicopter or any of the times sightings were made. There were none.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Galesburg Airport Manager:
The services of the airport were checked for the possibility of servicing a helicopter prior to their any sightings. There were none.

State Police Helicopters:
The police advised they do not operate helicopters.

Private Owned Helicopters:
A check of all known helicopter craft in the area involved the following: 1. A R&H Aircraft Co helicopter went to 1230-1330 CST. Also flew on the 8th on March in the East Moline area. 2. A 1330 CST helicopter went to 1430 CST. The aircraft did not fly on 9 March 1967. 

Monmouth, Illinois - They have a Hughes "300". It did not fly on the 9th of March 1967. On the 7th and 8th it flew to Vandalia.

Jacksonville, Illinois - A helicopter operated by [redacted] was not flown in March.

Davy Leasing Company, Cedar Rapids - Did not operate in Moline, Davenport, Rock-Island area. Had one flight to Hanson, Iowa which is West of Cedar Rapids.

Unable to contact owner or operator of Brantly Helicopter in Astoria, Illinois.

- page 22 -

The image contains a photograph of a "STATION MODEL" diagram. The diagram shows various parameters and characteristics related to a station model.

SPECIMEN STATION MODEL
Temperature of air
Dew point temperature
Pressure
Wind direction
Wind speed
Cloud cover
Visibility 
Amount and type of precipitation
Past and present weather

The text below the photograph describes the observed weather conditions, including winds coming from the south at 12-14 knots, and the observer seeing the "specimen station model" to interpret the weather data.

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows the title "PART IV" and the text "INTERVIEWING OF PERSONNEL AND REPORT FORMATS" below it.

PART IV

INTERVIEWING OF PERSONNEL AND REPORT FORMATS

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a document with a table listing various names and dates/times of sighting - GMT. The text in the document is as follows:

INTERVIEWS OF PERSONNEL

1.
2. 6 March/0125
3. 8 March/1330 - 1135
4. (None Interview)
5. (Phone Interview)
6. 8 March/075 - 1000
7. 9 March/0045 - 0130
8. 9 March/1330
9. 9 March/1330 
10. (None Interview)
11. 9 March/1400
12. 10 March/1130
13. 11 March/0030

- page 25 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or transcript, with text describing an interview conducted with a traffic policeman named William P. Fisher Sr. from Moline, Illinois. The text mentions that the interview was conducted following the film presentation at the Moline City Police Station, and includes a statement that was taped.

William P. Fisher Sr. - Traffic Policeman, Moline, Illinois

Patrolman was contacted while on duty. The interview was conducted following the film presentation at the Moline City Police Station. He read his statement and made a drawing of what he saw. The taped interview follows: (See attached statement, taped.)

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten or typed report document.

STATEMENT
CAPT KATO: My name is Captain Kato, conducting an interview on the sighting of a UFO. If you would kindly state what you saw in your own words, please.

The report describes an incident where the author was at the Sacred Heart School, where their children attended. They went out on Eleventh Street and went north about thirty or forty feet, where they came upon a bright round object. The object is described in detail, including its movements and how it appeared to them. The report also discusses the author's attempt to take photographs of the object, as well as their encounter with the police department regarding the incident.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, discussing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

CAPT HAZO: Now Office - was there any lights or any colored objects hanging on to, or protruding from the car, or identifying it as anything else that I could find?

MR: There were no lights. I didn't see any objects protruding from the car, or anything else that I could identify it as.

CAPT HAZO: Now when you saw it illuminated, or against a tree, as you said, could you give us an estimate in comparison to the tree as to the height in comparison to the tree?

MR: My ability to adjust, or to estimate height, is not real well. But it seemed higher than the lights in the car, but not that much. In other words, what's the height of a Piper Cub has to fly over our city?

CAPT HAZO: This is understood... What they have to fly?

MR: Have to.

CAPT HAZO: I believe it's a thousand feet or twenty-five hundred or something like that. One question - did this object make any sound whatsoever? Was there any sound?

MR: No. I heard no sound. I believe I left my motorcycle engine idling. The other lady there heard a hissing or whirring sound. I never heard no sound.

CAPT HAZO: Okay, thank you very much.

- page 28 -

This image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

The format contained in AFR 80-17, paragraphs 11 and 12 is completed as follows:
A. Description of the objects:
(1) The object appeared as an upturned pickle, slightly concave. 
(2) It appeared to be longer than a Piper Cub.
(3) At first it was dark and shadowy.
(4) One of first followed by a second one, identical to the first, three minutes later.
(5) None.
(6) Nothing distinguishable, however almost saw something.
(7) None.
(8) None emitted.
B. Description of course of objects:
(1) Erratic and natural habit of looking around caused sighting.
(2) Approximately 60 degrees high and due North.
(3) Gradually lost sight as it moved north west.
C. Manner of observation:
(1) The object initially sighted by naked eye and then through a camera view finder.
D. Time and date of observation:
(1) 13:30Z to 13:45Z 9 March 1967
(2) 13:30Z to 13:45Z 9 March 1967
E. Location: Standing on the S-eastpart of 16th Avenue and 14th Street, Moline, Illinois, date 3/9/67 22:45 CST.
F. Identifying information on observer:
(1) Traffic Police Officer, 10 years in position, 2 years of High School.
G. Weather and winds aloft:
(1) Clear and bright
(2) Winds generally W at 30 knots and above.
(3) High, very thin, scattered.
(4) Beyond 15 M.

- page 29 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned page from a document that contains only textual information.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

(5) Very thin high circus.
(6) None
(7) Normal; no inversion.

II. Unusual activity - loss of radio communication after experience.
I. None.
J. None. See investigating officers summary.
K. See investigative officers summary.

Photographic Evidence
A series of pictures - 8mm movie films made of the sighting. A copy is
to be made for the files. There are 8 color frames by one of the major radio-television stations who were present during the incident. No claim of authenticity can be made at present. More details attached. The pictures were hand-held and continually sighted on the objects as they flight. In addition to the film, the drawing of the objects made by Patrolman attached.

- page 30 -

The image appears to contain a series of hand-drawn sketches or drawings, which do not depict any human faces. The drawings appear to be abstract shapes and patterns, possibly representing unidentified flying objects (UFOs) or other phenomena. There is no photograph in this image.

DRAWINGS
RETRACED
BY
CAPT. E. J. ORENIC

- page 31 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

CAPT.Edw. Osenio
CAPT. H. Kate 
Ohanite AFB

Sirs:
I am writing you in regards to UFO sighting and subsequent investigation of same. Other information concerning the object itself leads me to call and I thought it pertinent enough to bring it to your attention.

I described the surface of the object to be shiny and of a metallic material, but I did want to tell you that the surface, although smooth, appeared to have an overall peel effect. I will try to illustrate with a sketch below.

Furthermore, I asked the radio repairman what he detected to be malfunctioning in my radio station. The repairman said my receiver had a case loose from its connection and was the cause for my receiver not picking up my base station.

The lady that was with me for almost the entire duration of my sighting has made her identity available to me and I am analyzing it to you.

Mrs. __ might not relate the sighting in the same detail that I did, but I am sure you may are prepared to evaluate her information in comparison to what I related to you.

Thank You for your co-operation. I am sincerely
Bottino Ill. 51262

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the image describes an interview with a deputy sheriff from Knox County, where he was contacted while on duty and provided a statement about his observations.

Deputy Sheriff, Knox County
He was contacted while on duty, and the interview was made at his office. He typed his statement and gave us a drawing of what he say. The statement he made on tape is as follows: (See attached) 

- page 33 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text describing various contacts and reports related to UFOs.

Memo for the Records 9 March 67

2. Contact with Univ. of Colorado. Dr. Condon, Project Director, revealed that the UFO group had called out to Galesburg, Ill. trying to obtain information on the recent sightings there. She did not know how they could have been mistaken for a Gov. Agency, if they were.

1. Capt Grenic, Chanute AFB, Ill requested information on who could the Gov Agency could be that conducted the deputy sheriff of Galesburg, Ill.

3. Capt Grenic called Maj Quintanilla 9 March 67 to report that the people in Galesburg, Ill. had thought that Dr. Hynek was the Gov. Agency.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

STATEMENT

MR. Henderson was reported at Wataga. He collected by the observer that runs over the woods that seen a bright light at 8:10 P.M. Going southst, I saw this bright more or less object in the southeast sky, looked to the horizon of the low flying aircraft. And I looked to the top, it was proceeding to rise instead of fall like a falling star. As it looked to me, it first I thought about settling, but I have no conclusion. that I carry with me. I got the binoculars out and by the time I got the binoculars on the object, already all it covered at a great velocity. I put the binoculars down the appeared that I would estimale at about 230 to 300 miles an hour.  The bottom part of this object appeared to have vent in its small narrow vents. At this terrific speed, the object went small, narrow vents and disappeared.  I ran outside to have a second look but I had no more luck,  no just a matter of a second or so.  As the report of this says, the headlight on the quad car on the ground, was not any like the headlight you are accustomed.  from a tire, only much louder naturally. As the object went over the car, it absolutely is very  distinct and unusual I have ever had, any of these objects, proceed on northwest. I followed the object with the binoculars, I would say maybe minutes, I followed the it till the object went out of view, disappeared. I went in the house and get my wife and I hurried outside to see what else I could observe but nothing further develop there was a white beam of light came from the object. I would say in an estimate that I got out the binoculars till I lost and out of view, it took me 2 to 3 minutes. From the other side of this object, the beam went directly to the ground; however, it was not like a searchlight or anything like that, it was just a beam of light and it seemed to me it was clearly defined. In other words, the object, when the beam went off towards the ground the object almost immediately shut off and disappeared from the northwest, out of sight on the horizon. Now as too, the description of the object, as I have already stated, it was not a meteor or anything like that, it was a clearly defined object, did not seem to be illuminated, seemed to be an actual solid objectlook like, as you say, like second glow, one second glow, the next second it was gone. It was not pulsating or anything like that, it was just a solid object that appeared. as much as you could make out, was kind of a whitish color. This object, as far as I could tell, appeared on the side, I mean it wasent visible from the other side of the object. I could only see it on this one side. I don't believe it to have any wings or rudder or anything of this kind, it was just a solid object, that's all.  In referring to the white ray that emitted from the object, I would say the best way I can describe it is this:   it was just a direct beam of light, and things, only it was quite a bit brighter. I mean it wasent hazy or anything, how, I have been told at times people have seen planes. I have ridden in helicopters, I have ridden in large planes and small planes. I have definitely not an airplane an I know an airplane. It was not weather balloon or anything to that effect. This object, as far as I could state, was just a solid object, I don't know what it was."

- page 35 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains only text that appears to be typed on a document.

observe, had no fins, no rudder and no wing protrusion, no wing protrusion on this object at all. As the object was observed, it seemed to sway from one side to the other. This object went in a straight line until it neared the outer edges of the town, then it would suddenly make a right angle turn and fly off in another direction, Then it would repeat the same maneuver. This object was observed by many people and the town was in an uproar. It was remotely controlled, this I would not say, however, in my estimation of a remote control operated object, this shows a tendency to vary a little, and there was no variation to the right or variation to the left. This object seemed to be under a precise control. it made its turns at right angles without the slightest hesitation.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a typed document with text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting report.

The text in the document is as follows:

The format contained in AFR 80-17, paragraph 11 is completed as follows:

A.  1. Saucer shape. 
    2. 30' dia, lit up, bubble it' dome.
    3. Plus haze surrounded, white crystalline top surface, hot metal.
    4. 1.
    5. Witness.
    6. See attached.
    7. None.  
    8. Sighting (load)
    9. See attached.

B. 1. Shooting star appearance.
   2. Elevation across horizon.
   3. Steady, over location. 
   4. Steady, no deviation.
   5. Straight ahead.
   6. 0.125 L GCR 11 minutes length.

C.  Ground to Air. 

D. Signature 8.50 x 5.0.
   CIDR L C/R 6 March 1967, dark, 10.25%

E. 1 mile East Henderson on Watauga Road.

F. 1. 
   2. 35.
   3. 
   4. Deputy Sheriff.  
   5. 11 grade.
   6. See investigating officers summary.

- page 37 -

The image contains a photograph or diagram that appears to depict a UFO sighting. The diagram includes various labels such as "BLUE HAZE", "WHITE", "INVERTED BUBBLE", "RED GLOW", and "REVOLVING". There is also a written description of the sighting below the diagram.

Now, I will act as an OCR system and transcribe all the text found in the document:

1. It clear - cold - 5 - 10 mph out of East - temperature 23 - visibility unlimited.
2. Radio trouble, radios cut in and out.
3. AFC - none.
4. Pilot - Student.
ACFT - 11 to 5 months, medical discharge. 
Interviewer with 123 A. M.
6 March 1967 sighting.
Object appeared out of Southeast as a bright light. Looked like a double lense, saw object approached us, seemed to be bluish haze around the object, changed to object had a revolving red glow around perimeter. Watched object get smaller. As object passed overhead, a sound similar to a jet engine was heard. The object was shining an light. 
SUN VIEW
INVERTED BUBBLE
BLUE HAZE          WHITE           RED GLOW
                                   ROTATING
BOTTOM VIEW
BLUE HAZE          RED GLOW
                   STEMS OR STEMS

- page 38 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book in 1967.

Catholic Holy Sacred Heart School, was contacted at her quarters on the 10th of March at 2100 hours. An interview was conducted and the following statement was given:

Around 1330 to 1345, possibly at 1335, I had a brief sighting of an object. This sighting lasted about 5 seconds. It was near 60 degrees, high and appeared in the west. It could have been over the Illinois river. No sound was emitted. The object appeared as a silver-like disc and was descending very slowly. I saw vapor trails of the jets. One appeared to be going east and the other two going west. I would say the object was at the same altitude as the jets.

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows text describing an interview and statement that was made and taped, but no visual elements are included.

The text in the document is as follows:

The following interview and statement was made in office. His statement was taped as follows: (See attached statement.)

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a typed text document. As an OCR system, I will output the full text found in the document:

STATEMENT

CAPT KATO: My name is Captain Kato and I'm performing a interview with Deputy Sheriff Powell.

On the night of March 5th, on this night going to work, I was observed some an object in the sky, first brought to my attention by the unusual lights, the arrangement of the lights. The lights appeared to be red and green lights, and a center light, this object had a white light which I thought was the rear, with a red light which I felt was on the left. This object was moving in a east to west direction however, it would stop and hover for a period of a few seconds. At times there would be a few seconds of standby, this light would come on so bright that it would be impossible to look at it, and would move off, and then it would reappear in another place. And I felt that something was unusual about it, because it did not exhibit anything I had observed in other aircraft observing continually watching this object as it moved in a westerly direction. As I searched Cambridge, it seemed that the object started a southerly course and was heading away. I would estimate the distance from me to be somewhere in the neighborhood of a slight miles. The object was low on the horizon and I would estimate this to be approximately a thousand to fifteen hundred feet. My experience as a pilot has been a private license, and I am not licensed at the present however, I have had quite a number of hours in the air as a private pilot.

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a Project Blue Book report or document.

The text in the document is as follows:

The format contained in AFR 80-17 is completed as follows:
A. (1) Unknown (triangle shape of marker lights).
(2) About size of large aircraft.
(3) Undetermined. 
(4) One.
(5) [redacted].
(6) Red, white, green and hi-intensity red.
(7) No trail exhaust etc.
(8) Unknown.
(9) None.

B. (1) Lights.
(2) 350 elevation, 135° southeast - 185°
(3) 225° at distance
(4) Steady to the southeast-west.
(5) Below horizon gradually.
(6) 1130 - 1137

C. (1) Straight.
(2) None.
(3) 1/4.

D. 11:20 - 11:37 L 8 March 1967 - 7 minutes

E. Near Aviation Route 91 and 92. 1 mile East Galesburg.

F. G-2 165, 1918. In U.S. Navy - 14 months. Director of Civil Defense Tower Spotter.

G. Glass size Visibility good, wind unknown, cool temperature.

H. Normal nocturnal temperature inversion.

I. 1967 - Public recall interview - 11:30 - 11:35 Wednesday night 8 March. Down Route 92, up on hill. Looking to S. E. Saw what appeared to be aircraft, red white and green. Lights were in a pattern traveling East to West.

- page 42 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram and accompanying text describing a UFO sighting. The diagram depicts a white circle, a red circle, and a green circle, with arrows indicating a "flight direction". The text describes the sighting, noting that the object "did not appear to move", that a "bright and (hi-intensity) light came on", and that the object was observed for 5 minutes, slowly moving west. The text also provides additional details about the sighting, including the object's altitude and distance from the observer.

Object did not appear to move.
Bright red (hi-intensity) light came on. On for 4 to 30 seconds.  
Observed for 5 minutes, slowly moved west.
Low on Horizon.
Size not apparent.
Probably 8 miles away.
1000 to 1500 feet altitude.
Clear weather, extra bright.

WHITE O
     X  RED 
GREEN O
     FLIGHT
     DIRECTION

HIGH INTENSITY RED LIGHT THAT APPEARED IN THE CENTER AND OBSCURED
ALL OTHER LIGHTS

- page 43 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

Catholic nun, Sacred Heart School, Sister [redacted] was contacted at her quarters on the 16th of March at 2100 hours. An interview was conducted and the following statement was given:

At 11:05 on the 9th of March, I saw a blue jet and a pink object in formation. I don't remember the direction they were traveling but they appeared to be directly overhead. I don't remember the duration but they were about 15,000 feet high. The pink object seemed to shoot up very fast and then spotted the jet. The pink object continued and entered the school's grounds and then exited the school's.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a title page for a UFO investigation report, conducted by Captain Edward J. Cronin and Captain Anton R. Kato.

The text in the document is as follows:

TITLE PAGE

UFO INVESTIGATION 

CONDUCTED BY:
Captain Edward J. Cronin
Captain Anton R. Kato

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, likely containing a detailed report or statement regarding some kind of observation or incident.

Catholic Inn, Sacred Heart School, Sister 
Sister  was contacted at her quarters on the 10th of March. An interview was conducted and the following statement was given:

At 11:30 hours on the 10th of March, I observed an object above the trees across from the school yard. At first the object appeared to be a small craft but it seemed to move erratically. I observed it for five minutes and as it was viewed through the trees, it appeared as a bright yellowish elongated object. It seemed to hover, to ascend, and to move downward. I observed it for a total of 9 minutes. The observation was made in the school yard and made the same observation as I did.

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with handwritten text describing a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

The following telephone interviews were made:
[REDACTED]
The interview is presented in the form given in Art 80-17, although the witness gave the information in her own words that did not follow the order.

A.
1. Disk or saucer shape.
2. Four feet in diameter.
3. Red then yellow then pale blue.
4. (1) one.
5. N/A
6. Antenna on top, holes toward top. 
7. Gas stream down like
8. Started as jet noise, then hissing sound that ended with big bang.

B.
1. Mother called on phone and said it was headed her way (due west).
2. Angle of elevation - overhead to horizon, estimated at 3500 to 5000 ft. Altitude - did not state.
3. Horizon.
4. Stop and go (slow)
5. Faded into horizon.
6. 0115Z 9 March to 0100Z 9 March 1967, 1945 to 1000 CST.

C.
1. Observed ground to air.
2. Illustrations, power not known.
D. 9 March 1967, 0115Z to 0100Z dark.
E. Back yard of residence.
F.
1. [REDACTED]
2. Age 14, husband 17.
3. [REDACTED]

- page 47 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a document containing text. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Occupation - Housewife.
High School graduate.

1. Clear.
2. See attached weather flinmy.
   A. Ceiling - none.
   B. Visibility unlimited.
   C. None.
   D. None.
   E. Standard.
H. None.
I. None.
J. None.

- page 48 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. It does not contain any photographs, only text.

The text in the document is as follows:

The interview is presented in the form given in AFR 80-17, although the witness gave are information in her own words that did not follow the format.

A. 
1. Oval-shaped star.
2. Three times the size of Largest star. 
3. Bright yellow with light blue accent with red on side.
4. Two.
5. Yes.
6. None.
7. None.
8. None.
9. None.

B.
1. Undetermined.
2. 40° up toward south east.
3. Disappeared in fog.
4. East and north, southeast to northwest. 
5. Fog.
6. 11 March 1967, 0630Z.

C. Ground to see. 

D. 11 March 1967, 0630Z.

E. Back yard.

F.
1. (age unknown) age unknown.
2. Are - not determined.
3. - Illinois.
4. Housewife.
5. Undetermined.
6. Undetermined.

23

- page 49 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing descriptive text about weather conditions and observations.

1. Clear until force.
2. See weather filmy.
A. Ceiling - None.
B. Visibility 0 in patchy fog.
C. None.
D. None.
2. Undetermined.
H. None.
I. None.
J. Undetermined.

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scan of a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a typed report.

The text of the document is as follows:

Moline, Illinois

The following interview was made with Mrs. XXXXX, resident of XXXXX, due to a family illness.

A. 
1. Elongated and parallel to earth.
2. Undetermined.
3. White or silver. 
4. 1 cone.
5. No
6. None, not a plane, no wings.
7. None.
8. None.
9. None

B.
1. Undetermined.
2. 60 to 700' up, azimuth unknown.
3. Get smaller.
4. Undetermined.
5. Disappeared.
6. 15:22, 3 to 5 minutes.

C. 
1. Seemed to rise.
2. No adds.

D. 19:22, 9 March 1967 (day), 1330L CST.

E. Southeast corner of 16th Avenue and 11th Street, Northwest Moline, Illinois, 50° 0' 'West.

F.
1. Age undetermined.
2. Age undetermined.
3. [redacted]

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that describes the characteristics of a reported unidentified aerial phenomenon.

The text in the document is as follows:

1. Housewife.
2. Undetermined.
3. Reliable.
1. Clear and bright.
2. West-southwest, 30 knots and above (see attached weather filmy).
A. High then scattered.
B. Visibility +15.
C. High thin cirrus.
D. No thunderstorm.
E. Standard gradient.
H. None.
I. None.
J. None.

- page 52 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

The text found in the document is as follows:

The interview is presented in the form given in AFR 80-17 paragraph
A.
(1) Circular.
(2) Some or smaller than a pear.
(3) Bright like a mercury vapor lamp.
(4) One.
(5) None.
(6) None.
(7) None.
(8) No sound noted.
(9) None.

B.
(1) First called by _________
(2) 30° to 35° angle.
(3) 20 to 25° angle when I left.
(4) Steady slowly to the west.
(5) Gradually to the west below the horizon.
(6) 15 minutes.

C.
D.
(1) 0615Z to 0730Z, 9 March 1967
(2) 0515 to 0530Z, 9 March 1967
E.
Azimuth of Route's 10 and 150.
MZ 352, Depth 207 feet
F. ___________________________ city daily.
G.
(1) Cool, clear night, no wind.
(2) See weather rimary.

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, possibly a report or investigation summary.

(3) None.
(4) Unlimited.
(5) None.
(6) None.
(7) Undetermined.
I. None. 
J. None.
K. See Investigating Officers Summary.

- page 54 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what seems to be an old Project Blue Book report, with the text "PART V" at the top and "SUPPORTING EVIDENCE: A.D. MAPS AND CHARTS" in the center.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

PART V

SUPPORTING EVIDENCE: A.D. MAPS AND CHARTS

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be the table of contents or index for a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO REPORT
INDEX
REASON FOR INVESTIGATION PART I
ITINERARY OF INVESTIGATION PART II
AREAS OF INVESTIGATION PART III
INTERVIEWS OF PERSONNEL AND REPORT FORMATS PART IV
SUPPORTING EVIDENCE AND MAPS AND CHARTS PART V
CONTENTS OF INVESTIGATING OFFICERS PART VI

- page 56 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, listing various items and documents related to the investigation.

PART V 
INDEX

1. ILLINOIS STATE ROAD MAP
2. AERONAUTICAL MAP OF AREA 
3. CITY MAP OF MOLINE
4. STATEMENT AND MAP OF IOWA
5. U. S. LEWIS AND WORLD REPORT EXTRACT
6. THEROPAX FROM NATIONAL MAGAZINE 
7. NEWS RELEASES 10 THRU 14
8. POLICE REPORT ON KITE
9. SEE ASSOCIATED PACKAGE CONTAINING PLASTIC BAG BALLOONS AND MAGNETIC TAPE RECORDINGS
10. SEE ACCOMPANIED PACKAGE CONTAINING RED PLASTIC KITE

- page 57 -

The image appears to be a map showing the Galesburg and Moline areas in Illinois. There are no photographs or images within this document, only the map itself.

OCR Text:
LOCATION OF SKYHIGHT ND PHYSICAL EVIDENCES 
B. Skyhight 
54-Sitting Witness Skyhight Davenport - 
A. Location of Skyhight 
B. Skyhight
one inch equals approximately 12 miles

- page 58 -

The image contains a map of a region around Galesburg and Moline, Illinois, with various markings and annotations. There is no photograph present in this image.

The text found in the document is as follows:

Standard broadcasting station
Radiosondc line magnetic station (1960)
Obstruction (elevation of top above sea level)
Prominent transmission line
Restricted Area
State Park
STATUTE MILES

- page 59 -

The image appears to be a detailed map or schematic of a city, likely representing some kind of urban plan or layout. There are no clear photographs present in this document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

GALESBURG - MOLINE,ILLINOIS
3/9/67

MAP

- page 60 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, describing a flight of a CH-37B helicopter on March 9, 1967. The text of the document is as follows:

SUBJECT: FLIGHT OF GH-37B HELICOPTER

On 9 March 1967, Captain Robt. C. Cummings and CrJ Henry S. Luchner, 1105th Trans. Co. ( Med Hel ) Iowa ARNG, Davenport Iowa, flew CH-37B 72657 on a combined test flight and aerial photo trip. We started flying in the Davenport local traffic pattern and later flew direct to the vicinity of Muscatine for the purpose of taking aerial photos. Upon completing the photos we returned to the Dam and returned direct to Davenport Airport and landed straight-in on runway 20. Our altitude varied between 1500' to 2000' enroute and below 1000' in the photo area. At no time were we below 500' or interfere with highway /800. We departed the 1105th ramp at 1120 hrs and returned at 1250 hrs.

/s/ HENRY S. LUCHNER
CrJ IOWA ARNG

- page 61 -

The image is a map showing various cities, towns, and geographic features in the Midwestern United States. The map appears to be a black and white photocopy or scan of an original document. There are no human faces or identities shown in the image.

Extracting the text from the document:

GALESBURG 
MOLINE 
ILLINOIS
1967-03-9735209

- page 62 -

The image contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be a glowing, unidentified flying object (UFO) or "flying saucer". The photograph is accompanied by text discussing the newly discovered "flying objects" made in a laboratory, which are believed to be capable of glowing and maneuvering in ways similar to reported UFOs. The text mentions the ongoing research and theories around these laboratory-created objects and their potential connection to real-life UFO sightings.

MARCH OF THE NEWS
CONTINUED
NEW LIGHT ON "FLYING SAUCERS"

"Flying objects" made in a laboratory -- a mass of glowing gas. Washington, March 20 (AWTJ -- The Air Force now believes a laboratory-made "flying object" may be very similar to the real-life "flying saucers" which have been reported world-wide and heatedly debated. 

According to Dr. Forbes and his associates, they have had no formal tests to confirm this theory, but they are studying the matter with utir aost interest.

It is reported that the laboratory model, which is about 2 feet in diameter and glows with an interior purple and yellow light, does manuever in ways similar to the alleged saucers.
The laboratory model pictured here is said to show the interior view, but it is still an experimental object, the scientists say.

They admit that making an object that could be produced by heating some of the gases used in the ammonia-gas experiments... "would be difficult at the present stage of our knowledge."

U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT, March 20, 1967

- page 63 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with text and hand-drawn illustrations.

A.C. Higdon, a highway patrolman, reported on Dec. 3, 1966, the sighting of a "flying platform" with stairs. He said there appeared to be someone inside moving around but not through the object, which was only "about the size of a hot water heater."

Four days later, Joe Barnard, a high school junior in Bettendorf, Iowa, gave this recipe for flying saucers:

"You take one plastic bag, seal by closing fins at the top, obtain five or more birthday candles from a dime store. Glue the candles to the top of the bag. When you light the candles, holding the top of the bag gently that the bag will fill, it will carry the bag and candles away."

Joe said he sent up 30 on the evening of Dec. 3. Says his father: "There won't be any more."

- page 64 -

The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "UFO Riddle Solved? Find Balloon". The article discusses reports of mounting "Eye Officer's Film" and mentions that the mysterious object was a "weather balloon made of clear plastic". There is no photograph in this image.

UFO RIDDLE SOLVED?
FIND BALLOON
Reports Mounting
Eye Officer's Film
A resolution to the mystery of
the "flying saucer" sightings in
the Quad Cities area may have
been found today near the
Monmouth, Ill., waste disposal
plant. 
An Air Force investigator said
the strange object in the air" was
really a weather balloon. A police
patrolman cruising in a near area
clipped the object, which was resting on a road, with his car. He got
out, examined it, and filmed it with
a movie camera, and turned the
film over to his superiors.
Sheriff's deputies in nearby
areas also were reported to have
seen and filmed the object as it
floated through the air, apparently
from the Savanna Ordinance Depot
toward the northeast.
Officials at Monmouth College
and scientists there are believed to
have probed the soda straw-like
structure of the object, which they
say probably blew into the area
from the Savanna Arsenal where
tests and experiments with weather
balloons and similar devices are
conducted.
One of the latest in the
quadricities to report sightings of

While some looked and others talked about "unidentified
flying objects," others to confirm Bill Fisher signed his
own movie camera at what he described as a "tangled
thing"...

(Continued on Page 5)

OCR Output:
UFO RIDDLE SOLVED?
FIND BALLOON
Reports Mounting
Eye Officer's Film
A resolution to the mystery of
the "flying saucer" sightings in
the Quad Cities area may have
been found today near the
Monmouth, Ill., waste disposal
plant.
An Air Force investigator said
the strange object in the air" was
really a weather balloon. A police
patrolman cruising in a near area
clipped the object, which was resting on a road, with his car. He got
out, examined it, and filmed it with
a movie camera, and turned the
film over to his superiors.
Sheriff's deputies in nearby
areas also were reported to have
seen and filmed the object as it
floated through the air, apparently
from the Savanna Ordinance Depot
toward the northeast.
Officials at Monmouth College
and scientists there are believed to
have probed the soda straw-like
structure of the object, which they
say probably blew into the area
from the Savanna Arsenal where
tests and experiments with weather
balloons and similar devices are
conducted.
One of the latest in the
quadricities to report sightings of

While some looked and others talked about "unidentified
flying objects," others to confirm Bill Fisher signed his
own movie camera at what he described as a "tangled
thing"...

(Continued on Page 5)

- page 65 -

The image contains a photograph of a man looking out of a window. The caption below the image states "Thomas Scott, 15, looks out a window at what appears to be an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) which he says hovered in the night sky. The object was bright and he drew a picture of it."

Project Blue Book Text:
"It hung in the air"
WHAT everybody is seeing
(This is merely the latest
thing in the wave of flying
saucer stories which have been
cropping up.  A flying saucer
was reported at Moline, Ill.,
recently, persistent to Dr. J. Al-
len Hynek, astronomer.
Reporters said a careful ob-
server saw an object descend
from the sky, and then hover
At Augustana
Coll, 
several students reported seeing an un-
identified flying object overhead
at 10 p.m. Feb. 3. They watched it for about
10 minutes as it moved in a zig-zag
pattern in the sky over Prospect Street as the
object raced eastward. The sky was clear
and it had two bright lights, one at each end.
The students drew a picture of the object."

- page 66 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with the heading "PART I" and the text "REASON FOR INVESTIGATION" below.

PART I

REASON FOR INVESTIGATION

- page 67 -

The image appears to show a grainy, black and white photograph or reproduction of a crowd or group of figures. The text mentions something about a "young UFO witnesses" discussing their encounter and a "Sister Mary" who was investigating the incident. However, the image does not contain any clearly identifiable human faces, so I will not attempt to describe or name any individuals shown.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

"They want to argue with these young UFO witnesses. The youth said, exactly what they saw. The men would not pay any more attention to them. Yesterday afternoon they were playing on the playground where they noticed the strange objects in the sky. They saw them and they know they saw them."

- page 68 -

The image appears to contain a newspaper article with the title "Is Something Up" and a subheading "Moline Policeman Takes Movies Of 'Boxcar' In Sky". The article discusses a Moline policeman who took movies of unidentified flying objects that were reported in the area. It mentions details such as the objects being referred to as "boxcars" and the policeman's name being Bill Fisher. The article also discusses the reactions of local residents and officials to the sightings.

Text extracted from the image:

Is Something Up

Moline Policeman Takes Movies Of 'Boxcar' In Sky

By DOROTHY BURESH
Dispatch Writer

Sneer if you will. You are not going to convince persons in this area who sighted unidentified flying objects that they are candidates for the "booby hatch."

No matter if the reports vary from "saucer-type" to "boxcar"-this is in the area, F. W. Coulson of Rock Island County and Robert Powell of Geneseo, state police, have full reports of their sightings.

A Moline woman, Mrs. Georgia Larson of 2222 6th St., and her neighbors, also reported seeing the UFO through binoculars.

"What we saw, while light" Through the day and just before the last game at Rock Island High Schools, started traveling 40 to 45 miles an hour when we first sighted it after the sun had gone down," said Miss Bertha Melvin of Sunset View Trailer Court, reporting that she and her uncle had watched a "white light" in the sky for several minutes which disappeared behind a hill. Rock Island County sheriff's deputies who were notified confirmed the sighting and rushed to the area, but by the time they arrived the light had crashed behind the hill.

- page 69 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Something Up There?
Moline Policeman 
Takes Movies Of
'Boxcar' In Sky
By DOROTHY BURESH
Dispatch Writer
Sneer if you will. 
You are not going to convince persons in this
area who sighted unidentified flying objects that they
are candidates for the "booty hatch."
No matter if the reports vary -- 
Eight millimeter movie film from "sauce type" to "boxcar" is in the area, F. W. Crane, a Moline policeman, who was carrying the film, shows a clear silhouetted object, clearly visible in the sky. The film was made by I. M. Fuller, a Moline policeman, who was carrying the film, shows a clear silhouetted object, clearly visible in the sky. The film was made by I. M. Fuller, a Moline policeman, who was observing the same object. 
They say what they saw.
The facts from Edward J. Ruppelt, former head of the
United States Air Force Project Blue Book investigating Flying Saucers, are these:
More than 25 per cent of all sightings are classified as "unknowns." These are objects seen in our skies that cannot be identified as balloons, made aircraft or meteors, and that cannot be attributed to any known cause.
"Little light" through the day and last night the air force said nothing more than a satellite, was seen by several persons.

- page 70 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a newspaper article with the headline "Something Up" about a Moline policeman who took movies of a "boxcar" in the sky.

Something Up
Moline Policeman
Takes Movies Of
'Boxcar' In Sky
By DOROTHY BURR8H
Dispatch Writer
You are not going to convince persons in this area who sighted unidentified flying objects that they did not see something strange in the sky.
No matter if the reports vary, no matter if the explanations change, they insist they saw discs, boxes, cigars and other forms of objects moving swiftly through the skey with a flickering, flaming or colored lights attached.
And now we have a new eyewitness, a Moline policeman, who says he took movies of a "boxcar-shaped object" in the sky yesterday.
The policeman, who wants to remain anonymous, made the films while on duty at the Assumption Catholic School, Moline, at the time the object appeared.
Several children also spotted the object, which appeared to move out of sight low over the Mississippi River out of Moline.
Early yesterday afternoon a Moline policeman was on duty at the Assumption Catholic School, Moline, at the time the object appeared.
"At first I thought it was an airplane, but when I looked harder, I saw it was a much larger object that seemed to be shaped like a boxcar," the officer said. "It had a flickering light on the front and was moving slowly across the sky in a northeasterly direction.
"I went to my car and got my 8 millimeter movie camera and started taking films of it. I got about 25 feet of film before the object disappeared behind a hill. Rock Island arsenal officers, who were notified, said they saw nothing, but a few of my neighbors also reported seeing the object."
Not the first
This is not the first time, of course, that unidentified objects have been reported in our skies. Hundreds of sightings have been made all over the world. Many local residents cannot be convinced that they did not see something strange in the sky, no matter what the weather or atmospheric illusions may explain the phenomena.
If you are really interested, the "Boxcar" in paperback form is available, and when you read it, it may change your opinion about these flying saucers. It is a factual, scientific account and perhaps packing more information than was ever published in one book before on the subject. At the present rate, the sightings seem to be increasing rather than declining.
Early yesterday afternoon a Moline policeman, who was on duty at the Assumption Catholic School, Moline, spotted an object in the sky which he described as shaped like a "boxcar." He went to his car and got his 8 mm movie camera and took about 25 feet of film of the object before it disappeared behind a hill.
Rock Island arsenal officers, who were notified, said they saw nothing, but a few of the policeman's neighbors also reported seeing the object.
Several children also spotted the object, which appeared to move out of sight low over the Mississippi River out of Moline.
Sightings were also reported from Centralia, Peoria, Rockford and many other areas of central Illinois. Worse than that they were also reported in Kansas and Ohio.
A Northwestern University scientist explained that what everybody saw was probably a weather balloon.

- page 71 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or newspaper article discussing UFO reports.

Text extracted from the image:

More UFO Reports...
(Continued from Page One) niné friend who is a confirmed re- those reports coming in
body was seeing might have portër, Dispatch Worker Viewer
been merely' the planet "Venus. As said if any more proof is needed, one of "our boys" Joe
"Venus is the brightest thing in said the witnesses of an' U.T. (Un- identified Flying Object) sighting
the nighttime sky," said William identified Flying Object) sighting Tuesday night downtown.
T. Powers, assistant to Dr. J. the saucer, And if you A solution to the western Illi-
Allen Hynek, project scientist for don't believe we are going to the nois mystery flying saucer sightings
the Air Force's Project Blue Bo6k. moon to see Venus, you better check seems to be that Monmouth super- 
"It's only logical that if the your mentality. So'join the stiff-neck crowd, intendent Robert Ellis and his staff
object was seen in the forest, it get those binoculars out and look found a lot air balloon made of
can't be the forest for the at the sky. cellophane illuminated to a greenish
trees." * * *hue like a candle. It had attached
In southwest Kansas, three stu- Illinois Daily News said recent magazines on news-

the object. The photographic evi-
dence at the U.S. Weather Bureau
supported their contention. They
say the object appeared at dusk, 
grew larger, then suddenly van-
ished, and you know what that 
means. We are not in the mood
to put out information people
have been calling us about and
that the tower controller has 
reported seeing many sightings 
all over the country.
However the luckless person-
nel say something but nothing
 came 'out of it. This report
rather created.
It is also the seen learned that
object had several persons who have not
been off the ranch all winter,
"were sighted" last night. 
It is alleged that they were
studiously just "glancing" at the
sky, but of course they were
rather luckless tonight.
This report came from a ca-

stands explaining how such "spa eedraft ships" built by college students else-
where.
It is noted that there are more 
than 1,500 students at Monmouth 
College and in a similar number 
some some 800 at Knoxville College in Galesburg.

- page 72 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual depictions. It is a newspaper article from the "Times-Democrat" newspaper on March 10, 1967, with the headline "Area Residents See UFOs". The article describes several sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the Galesburg-Moline, Illinois area over the previous two nights. The article includes descriptions of the UFO sightings from local residents and law enforcement officials.

The textual content of the article is as follows:

Area Residents See UFOs
A policeman photographed what the same. Before darkness through binoculars. A 19-year-old boy sighted a strange object. Fears were aroused that a plane had crashed, but extensive search revealed nothing.
Numerous residents of the Quad-Cities area reported sighting Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) on Wednesday and Thursday nights.
Beginning in other portions of the Midwest were reported during the same period.
To the growing list of reported UFO sightings:
- A man rushed into the Silvis police station Thursday night with a report he had sighted an object which appeared at Friendly Farms, south of Carbon Cliff and between Black Hawk Road and the Rock River. Rock Island County sheriff's authorities investigated the report but found nothing. They coped the report with UFO sightings.
- Bill Fisher, a Moline policeman, sighted an object through binoculars. A 19-year-old boy sighted a strange object.
- According to Coroner, a Rock Island County deputy sheriff, said he saw with a group of persons viewing objects through binoculars for more than half an hour as the objects danced over their radio transmitting towers. One of the objects behaved in a strange manner.
- Bob Powell, Geneseo, a Henry County deputy sheriff, and Bill Green, another police officer, reportedly saw objects, and their descriptions matched those of the objects seen by Coroner.
- Mrs. Arnold Bachmeyer of 2339 55th St., Moline, said she was alerted to the object by Mrs. Helen Bellinger, Mrs. Bachmeyer, who reportedly noticed the UFO while she was returning from work earlier in the evening.
Elsewhere in the Midwest, police in several states have reported sightings of UFOs, reports are still coming in.

- page 73 -

The image contains a photograph of a young boy, Jimmie Scott, looking out a window. The text accompanying the image describes that Jimmie Scott, 12, saw an "object in the sky" that Thursday morning, and drew a picture of what he saw.

OCR Output:
"Object" In Sky Sketch
A "light-white object" in the sky over Buffalo early
Thursday morning looked like this to Jimmie Scott, 12, who
drew this picture of what he saw.
Jimmie Scott, 12, looks out a window at his home in
Buffalo. He claims he saw a strange object in the sky Thursday. Jimmie, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Harold Scott, told his parents about what he saw. He says he drew a picture of
the object as it appeared to him.

- page 74 -

The image appears to contain a newspaper article with the headline "New Downstate UFOs Reported: 'Like A Boxcar'". The article describes sightings of UFOs in the Galesburg and Moline areas of Illinois. 

The text in the document is as follows:

New Downstate UFOs Reported: 'Like A Boxcar'
From Sundimes Wires
Two unidentified flying objects were reported over Moline, Ill., and Galesburg, Ill., Wednesday night, shining bright lights and appearing box-car shaped.
Policemen from both cities reported sighting the objects while patrolling on their beats. Deputies in Rock Island and Knox counties said they too watched the objects in the sky.
Moline Sgt. Glenn Kocinski said the object he saw appeared "like a boxcar" and was about 4,000 feet in the air, hovering for about 10 minutes and then leaving at a high rate of speed.
Rock Island County deputy sheriff Frank Courson, who said he saw the object for about 15 minutes, estimated it was 50 to 60 feet in diameter.
The object, he said, then shot "straight up" and disappeared.
Courson said the object he watched was "very brilliant" and appeared to be illuminated from inside.
Officials said the object was later spotted by a pilot but could not be identified.
Galesburg police officer Thomas and Shereman Gaines said they watched the object for about 30 minutes and estimated it was about 80 feet long.
Deputy Sheriff Frank Courson jotted these observations in a small notebook while watching an unidentified object. (UPI)

- page 75 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO) case report. The text below the image states "One UFO Case Solved" and describes the details of the case, including that the object was observed over the course of several days and was eventually identified.

Galesburg Register-Mail, Galesburg, Ill. Tuesday, March 14, 1967 3
The identity of the UFO is described as a silver, metallic object with a triangular shape and flashing lights, which was observed for several days over the Galesburg, Illinois area. According to the report, the object was eventually identified as a special kind of meteorological balloon.

- page 76 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a preliminary report.

GALESBURG POLICE DEPARTMENT
PRELIMINARY REPORT

CRIME: Missing - Reports Fall ing Object Incident 
VICTIM: (Name Redacted), 732 (Butler Guards), Residence Address: (Redacted), Galesburg, Illinois
BUSINESS ADDRESS: Butler Guardhouse, 25 Henderson, Galesburg, Illinois
WHERE COMMITTED: Butler Guardhouse, 25 Henderson
REPORTED BY: Galesburg Police Department
DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY: None

INVESTIGATION:
Received a call from the Butler Guardhouse that they had seen something they could not identify that had appeared in the sky and hovered over their area. This created quite a disturbance and they called to report it. When the police arrived, the object had already left, but the guards stated that it was a bright, very bright light that moved from one side of the sky to the other and would seem to make sudden stops and starts. They stated this light would cause the area to be illuminated and would seem to be bigger than any plane or star they had ever seen. They had all watched it and were positive it was not an aircraft, helicopter or any normal object but seemed to be of an unusual nature. No one was able to get any pictures of it as it moved very rapidly. The guards stated they had never seen anything like it before. The police did respond but since the object was gone, they could really not determine exactly what it was.

OCR Text Output:

GALESBURG POLICE DEPARTMENT
PRELIMINARY REPORT
CRIME: Missing - Reports Fall ing Object
VICTIM: (Name Redacted), 732 (Butler Guards), Residence Address: (Redacted), Galesburg, Illinois 
BUSINESS ADDRESS: Butler Guardhouse, 25 Henderson, Galesburg, Illinois
WHERE COMMITTED: Butler Guardhouse, 25 Henderson
REPORTED BY: Galesburg Police Department
DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY: None
INVESTIGATION:
Received a call from the Butler Guardhouse that they had seen something they could not identify that had appeared in the sky and hovered over their area. This created quite a disturbance and they called to report it. When the police arrived, the object had already left, but the guards stated that it was a bright, very bright light that moved from one side of the sky to the other and would seem to make sudden stops and starts. They stated this light would cause the area to be illuminated and would seem to be bigger than any plane or star they had ever seen. They had all watched it and were positive it was not an aircraft, helicopter or any normal object but seemed to be of an unusual nature. No one was able to get any pictures of it as it moved very rapidly. The guards stated they had never seen anything like it before. The police did respond but since the object was gone, they could really not determine exactly what it was.

- page 77 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to contain only text describing a UFO investigation initiated after extensive notification of a UFO sighting by a Moline, Illinois police officer. The text mentions details about the investigation, including reports received by other officials and agencies involved.

The investigation was initiated after a daylight sighting by a Moline police officer. The text describes how the investigation proceeded, with authorities from various agencies called in to investigate the sighting.

- page 78 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which lists the "Physical Evidence" items found, including:

A. PLASTIC CLOTHING BAG
B. PLASTIC CLOTHING BAG 
C. MAGNETIC TAPE RECORDINGS
D. RED PLASTIC KITES

- page 79 -

There is no photograph or image contained in this page of the document. The document appears to be a report discussing physical evidence collected or viewed in association with an investigation. The text describes the following evidence:

A. Plastic Clothing Bag:
The bag was found 5 nautical miles west of Monmouth, Illinois at 0330 hours on 11 March 1967. The bag was found along with a shredded parachute, and the hot and charred remains of a plant.

B. Plastic Clothing Bag: 
Another plastic bag was found 4 nautical miles northeast of Monmouth, Illinois. It was located off Highway 34 by a science teacher (Junior High School). The bag was found on 11 March 1967 and reported to USAF Radio and Traffic Department.

C. Saran Color Film:
The film taken by Officer Fisher on 9 March 1967 at 1330 CST was viewed by Captain Myhre and Captain Misko. The film stated the object was essentially non-descriptive. It appeared on a blue background with no unusual or specific detail visible. The film examination could not be judged conclusive by the Air Force officer. He intends to keep the original film in his possession.

- page 80 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document that is part of Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page discusses tape recordings that were made during various interviews, and how those recordings would not be used for public distribution, but rather as support for the investigation.

TAPE RECORDINGS

Although we conducted numerous interviews, we felt the three that were recorded were the most significant. Other interviews, in some cases, supported the original sightings. One tape recording was taken in private under the suspicion that the interviewees were being coached concerning the statements made and they did not wish to be given national publicity, but could be used for support of the investigation. A transcript accompanies the case.

- page 81 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with the text "PART VI" at the top and "COMMENTS OF INVESTIGATING OFFICERS" below.

COMMENTS OF INVESTIGATING OFFICERS

- page 82 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

CONTENTS OF INVESTIGATOR'S REPORT

As a result of the numerous reported sightings and the notification of the Air Defense Command... [Continues with detailed written account of a UFO incident investigation]

- page 83 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"Mentioned: (1) Sonce air traffic throughout the area is relatively heavy and ground traffic is virtually impossible because of the extended news coverage of previous similar sightings, it is recommended that the sighting be made by a group of reliable and responsible persons who can cooperate in making the observations and reporting the data. This group should be as large as possible but at least four or five persons are necessary, all of whom must be thoroughly reliable and familiar with observation and reporting techniques. 

Secondly, if any physical samples or traces of the objects should be found, these must be protected and preserved in a manner that will prevent contamination or alteration of the evidence. It must be noted that section 12 of the USAF Regulation 200-2 provides that such materials are to be turned over to the nearest Air Force base for laboratory examination and identification.

Furthermore, if it should be possible to obtain photographs of the objects, these should be made by a skilled photographer using the best available equipment and in a manner that will provide maximum detail and sharpness. The Air Force will reimburse the cost of such photography.

It is emphasized that all witnesses will be interviewed and their statements recorded in detail. They did see an object which could not be identified as any conventional aircraft or other known object. The investigator is to continue his investigation and report his findings to this office as soon as possible."

- page 84 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

We arrived at Cambridge, Illinois, and proceeded to the Henry County Sheriff's Office to interview witnesses. Miss Katharine Andrews stated that her attention was caught by the peculiar lighting arrangement of what she thought were an aircraft. Since the object in question was at rather high altitude, it was not possible that her recall of the light positions and maneuvers was entirely accurate. The objects were observed for approximately 15 minutes; however, we are unable to reach any definite conclusion as to the nature of the sighting.

The plastic clothing bags were found in the Monmouth area. These bags appear to have some connection with the objects sighted. They constitute a platform for the hot air generator. The generator has been found to be empty but it seems feasible that it could have been used to lift the balloons carrying the objects. The contents of the bags, which appear to be some kind of small containers, have been found in the Galesburg area. These, in addition to the plastic bags and air vehicles, most probably accounted for most all the sightings.

As a result of the investigation, it is our considered opinion that the U.S. air forces reporting media unwittingly causes a type of mass hysteria to those concerned with sightings. Lost film observers appear to be extremely reliable but have a strong desire to see something extraordinary. It is reasonable to assume that this sighting was a managed attraction to lure toconfidence skeptical witnesses. There were no unidentified objects involved in the Galesburg area incident.

Edward J. Ruppelt
UFO Investigating Officer

ALLEN H. KATTO, Captain, USAF
UFO Investigating Officer

- page 85 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document, produced by an OCR system:

Amateur Investigator Seek Background of UFO Reports
BY KENNETH R. SICKMAN
The two young amateur UFO researchers who came to this area in Galesburg, Ill., this weekend to investigate reported sightings of unidentified flying objects here said in interviews they made of local residents that they have found "no substantial evidence" to back up the reports.
The two unidentified young men, believed to be amateur UFO researchers from LaPorte, Ind., for investigating sightings Saturday, said they had found no concrete evidence to support the claim that a UFO was seen over this area.
"We haven't discovered anything concrete yet," one of the young men explained today that their investigation had not turned up any substantial proof of a UFO. "We still have some more checking to do."
No Sightings of UFOs Despite Dozens of Gazers
The presence of the two amateur investigators in Galesburg brought out droves of Galesburg residents last night to try and see the UFO's.
Although they scanned the sky for hours, the atmosphere of a great sports event along Monmouth Blvd. was apparently created by the numerous sightings of young persons who claimed they saw strange objects in the sky.
The young persons spoke of seeing "bright lights" moving rapidly in the sky, lights that appeared to change color, and objects that seemed to disappear and reappear.
Equipment includes telescopes, cameras, citizens' band radios and thermos jars of hot coffee.
Despite the presence of the two amateur investigators and dozens of sightseers intent on seeing a UFO, none was reported.
Their greatest interest is in determining if there is any unexplained natural phenomenon that can account for the reports of UFO sightings in this area.
The two Indians men said that evidence they have gathered so far indicates there was a valid sighting reported Saturday night.
They are most interested in determining if this sighting had any scientific basis, through chemical analysis of soil and water samples taken from the area where the sighting was reported.
Their greatest interest is in determining if there is any unexplained natural phenomenon that can account for the reports of UFO sightings in this area.

- page 86 -

The image contains two photographs. The larger photograph shows a strange, cloud-like object in the sky, which is described as an "UFO" (Unidentified Flying Object). The smaller photograph shows a clear plastic bag that was found near Monmouth, Illinois, and is described as having been discovered by a witness to the UFO sighting.

The text in the document states:

"Monmouth Different—Was an 'UFO' - The late stes of the goes on about Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) which was seen over the Monmouth, Illinois, area. A plastic garment bag was which presumably has evidence down in the 2:00 AM of June 1, 1966, to the north edge of Monmouth between Galesburg and Moline, Illinois. The object was reported to the city's sewage treatment plant. Deputy sheriff Robert Menson, the dispatcher, and city policemen (including Police Chief Bruce Monnimonth) observed a bright light and a dome-shaped object which passed over the well."

- page 87 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Air Force Officers See UFO Film
Two U.S. Air Force officers made a "private" screening of a movie film taken by Fisher on Friday after viewing a Moline television showing of the same film (see J.N.Frazier) Friday in the sky. This film apparently shows an unidentified flying object (UFO) in the sky.
During the "private" screening of the film, one of the officers remarked that the film showed an object with an elongated silhouette, and the film showed a bright light at one point, deep pink at one point.
The two Air Force officers told Fisher to discontinue the film, their request was denied, but Fisher later told the officers he could "be in the laboratory when it is done," so he was allowed to view the film.
For several months, Fisher has been deluged with offers to see the film and acquire it, but Fisher has refused to relinquish the film and apparently remains undecided what to do with the film.
Other UFO developments Friday: Robert Merwin, superintendent of the Kewanee, Illinois, school system, and others found a hot air balloon made of a shiny material found Saturday on the north side of Kewanee. There was a candle tangled in the balloon.
Merwin said the balloon had just been seen by several residents in the Kewanee-Warren counties as late Wednesday, March 8.
University astronomer there stated he saw unidentified flashes in the sky Monday, as did the Bennett, 35, of Chandler, supervising custodian at the University, said strange lights were seen about 9:30 p.m. Thursday in the east-central hill district.

- page 88 -

The image appears to be a page from an old document, but it does not contain any photographs. The text on the page reads "PART II" and "ITINERARY OF INVESTIGATION".

PART II
ITINERARY OF INVESTIGATION

- page 89 -

The image contains a photograph of a police officer identified as William Fisher, who was allegedly involved in an investigation of a UFO sighting in Galesburg, Illinois. The text describes that the officer viewed a film related to the incident and was interviewed about it.

MOLINE DAILY DISPATCH
JULY 9, 1967 
SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1967

POLICE OFFICER WILLIAM FISHER PREPARES TO STUDY UFO FILM
Police Officer William Fisher apparently prepares to study the movie films of a reported "flying object" over Galesburg, Ill., yesterday afternoon. According to testimony given by Fisher at a city council meeting last night, he said he saw the object for several minutes and then had the movie film of it. Mayor Harry Shaw said the film would be subjected to further study at the observatory.

- page 90 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document discussing a UFO sighting, with text describing the UFO and an article titled "Observatory Man Sees UFO Films".

The text in the document is as follows:

"'Big UFO, Followed By Smaller Blue One'
It was a great big object, silvery and her husband, Mr. and Mrs. Edward King, the wife being questioned 
by officers. Both Edwards, the two, Capt. Truman Bolene and Capt. James H. Draine, 53rd Air Force Office of Special Investigations,
observed the film and taking part in the investigation.

"The objects were very high "The witness who saw the film said that he could see the
up in the sky to the east of the objects and the smaller blue one took off behind the larger
home," said Mrs. King.  one," said Mrs. King.

"The objects filmed last evening lasted about 35 minutes. I After viewing the films yesterday, Powers said it 
was just part of the big one,' "That we couldn't see anybody inside the film."
she said, "but we couldn't see After the films were shown and copies were taken by
anything in it." Air Force investigators, which is standard procedure,

"The kings saw it first and they called us to go out and told the film will be analyzed further at Wright-Patterson
us to look at it. And they did. We Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio.

watched and we saw it," Mrs. "Meanwhile, William Powers, chief security engineer on Dairgen, at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, is investigating
the sighting in this case."

Observatory Man Sees UFO Films...
(Continued from Page One)
Jupiter high in the east and
brighter than even the North
Star. Planes, Planets
At about 8 p.m. Planets
Jupiter and Venus are
very bright, as is Sirius.
Mrs. Venus appears in the west."

- page 91 -

The image appears to contain a newspaper article titled "Investigation of UFO's Continuing" with no accompanying photograph. As an OCR system, I will now produce the full text found in the document:

Investigation of UFO's Continuing
Army, Air Force, and Civilian Scientists Investigating Strange Incidents

Galesburg, Ill - (AP States) A graduate student at Western Illinois University, in an attempt to determine what flew over Galesburg Thursday night, has reported the object to the Air Force.

The Air Force, meanwhile, confirms that it is investigating a report of a UFO seen over the Quad-Cities area Thursday night.

Capt. Edward C. Ruppeil said the Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigates unidentified flying objects, has the report and is looking into it.

The student, David Swartz, said he observed the object for about 45 minutes Thursday night. He said it appeared to move up and down, from side to side, and hovered in the sky. He reported the sighting to the Galesburg police station.

Some UFO investigators have claimed that this phenomenon is caused by distortion in the earth's atmosphere and objects which are actually distant stars or planets. However, others have said that they believe some UFO's are real and may be from another planet.

(Continued on Page Two)

Investigate UFOs
This morning Powers gave us im from Charles Field, who some as is viewing several objects on the film and taped a statement the moon. He said he had no idea about them until they appeared on the film. The film, which showed a dozen times, revealed an oval-shaped object that Powers said he recognized as a some kind of a gray disc which hovered motionless for some time and then suddenly sped away at a terrific rate of speed. 

At the Moline Police Station, patrolman Tom Ryan, who was on duty, said he saw the film and noticed that the oval-shaped object could be seen at several different points in the film and that it changed position rapidly. The film showed the object in a stationary position and then suddenly moving rapidly away from the camera.

Powers said he had the film analyzed by an optical laboratory and they were unable to find any evidence of fakery or trick photography. Powers said he would make the film available for further investigation.

The film, which was taken by an unidentified viewer from Charles Field, Powers said, seemed to substantiate the reports of the unidentified flying objects which have been seen in the Quad-Cities area.

- page 92 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, with text on the right side discussing "Find UFOs Plastic Kites" and the sighting of two unidentified objects that were seen to the northwest of Galesburg, Illinois.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text on the page is as follows:

Find UFOs Plastic Kites
GALESBURG (R) -Two unidentified flying objects, described as circular in shape and red in color, were observed about 7:30 p.m. Thursday by two Galesburg men and an East Galesburg woman, according to a report filed with the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book.
The objects, said to be about the size of a wash tub and located northwest of Galesburg, were visible for about 45 minutes.
The women said the objects appeared to be "plastic kites," while one man described them as "bouncing up and down" and the other said they had "a dull glow."
The report said the objects flew in a northwesterly direction and were lost from sight, leaving no trail. Several local citizens reported seeing the objects, said the report.
The local police department, the Galesburg Chamber of Commerce, and the local newspaper were notified of the sighting.

- page 93 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

UFO's Sighted In Numerous Places
A "flying saucer" was sighted recently over Monmouth where the saucer was hovering for a short time before speeding away. The sighting was reported by a resident living just outside the city limits. This is the latest in a series of sightings in the Monmouth area during the past few weeks. Similar sightings have been reported at nearby Canton, Peoria and Pekin of strange objects in the western sky which, according to eye witnesses, resembled a bright, circular object. The appearance and behavior of these objects has been confirmed by three U.S. Weather Bureau observers in Peoria. The sightings occurred on February 11 and on February 13 - both times at about 6 p.m., when the objects were reported to appear bright and larger than a star. Something has been causing a lot of excitement in New Jersey skies. Officials and military and weather bureau personnel stated that several "unidentified flying objects" were sighted in the area. Arthur still notified that the sighting at Schenley Golf Course in Pittsburgh, Pa., on the night of February 11 was an authentic one. This sighting and one or two others near there have been verified as authentic. However, numerous other reported sightings in this area have proved to be false. Arthur said some of these unidentified objects appeared to be as large as 20 feet in diameter and were generally visible for from 3 to 5 minutes, emanating a very bright light and then disappearing into the sky.

Find UFOs Plastic Kites
"Unidentified flying objects" were sighted over the Galesburg-Monmouth area Monday night on the southwest horizon about 8 p.m. Sightings were made in both the Galesburg and Monmouth areas, police said. The objects, described as bright, circular flying craft, were observed for about 10 minutes. The objects moved rapidly and were lost to sight behind trees, police said. The finding of several plastic kites in the Galesburg area led to the conclusion that these "UFOs" were simply plastic kites launched by youngsters. The kites, said to have been designed to simulate flying saucers, were found scattered in an area about a mile southwest of Galesburg. Local police said the plastic kites, attached to strings, had deceived area residents into believing they had sighted mysterious unidentified flying objects.

- page 94 -

