The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

PROJECT 10773 RECORD
10. CONCLUSION
OBJECT POSSIBLE?
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Description of sighting: Object observed for 20-25 minutes. Object first appeared as a white light, then changed to an amber color. The object was then seen to break up into several smaller pieces. The object(s) then disappeared from view. No sound was heard.
Explanation: The object was probably some type of aircraft. The breaking up into several smaller pieces may have been caused by some type of malfunction or disintegration of the aircraft. More information would be needed to determine the exact nature of the object.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or page from a report.

Text from the document:

I hope ca hogard

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing an evaluation of a "possible aircraft" or unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred on 11 June, 1967 in Macon, Georgia.

TYPED COMMENTS MADE BY DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK ON 11 JUNE, 1968

MACON, GEORGIA 11 JULY, 1967
The current evaluation of "possible aircraft" is open to severe
criticism because:

"Thought it was a falling star at first--then leveled off."
No planes were in the vicinity during time of both sightings.
(0025 and 0135 hours--).
Four planes landed at Robbins at 0959, 0101, 0103, 0118 hours--thus not at above times.
Description of "blue-white glow" does not fit aircraft evaluation.
Also, witness fairly sure it wasn't an aircraft.
Therefore, in absence of supporting information, I could not go along with only "possible aircraft." "Possible unknown" should also be included (a possible unidentified).

(Original signed by J. Allen Hynek)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
24 JUNE 1963

SUBJ: UFO OBSERVATION, 11 JULY 1967

In response to Dr. Hynek's criticism of the evaluation of possible aircraft, I feel it best to point out that:

1. "Though it was a falling star at first-then leveled off."
Since the object was seen for several minutes, it certainly couldn't have had the angular velocity of a meteor. It is quite possible that an aircraft while descending flight levels might turn his landing lights on, especially if there were any other traffic in the area. Also the duration is more suitable to that of an aircraft.

2. "No planes were in the vicinity during the sighting." The TWX only lists those planes that landed at Warner Robins AFB. It is unknown if there were any planes arriving at Atlanta. Atlanta is one of the largest airports in the United States and is about fifty miles Northwest of Macon. (Note: Light disappeared toward the Northwest.)

There is also a small airport near Ft. Valley (approximately twenty miles away).

It is also interesting to note that although the observer said that the object produced a sound like a train heard in the distance, his wife said that it emitted a jet airplane."

3. "Description of blue-white glow does not fit aircraft evaluation." This is completely false and I suggest that Dr. Hynek go look at a landing aircraft with its landing lights on.

CARMEN L. MARANO, 2D LT USAF
(BUFF) (UFO)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Text Output:

WHEV
Reference to report on UFO, 19 jul 67.
University of Colorado 80302
Project No. 10272
Case No. 6302

There are some changes to be made in the report. On page 3, line 2, please change "2015 hours" and "0215 hours" instead of "2015 hours" and "0215 hours".
On page 3, line 13 should read "0735 hours" and not "1015 hours".
/s/ A. W. Kehler
Assistant UFO Officer

or to: FTD (PDEV)
ATTN: (CCOH, Kr. Klass)

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image shows a typed report on an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) sighting that occurred on July 11, 1967 in Lacon, Georgia.

Report on Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) Sighting, 11 Jul 67
University of Colorado
Boulder, Colorado 80302
ATTN: Dr. Gordon
1. A report is submitted pertaining to a reported UFO sighting failing under the purview of this office.
a. Description of objects:
(1) Appeared to be luminous objects
(2) Approximately the size of a full moon
(3) Four in number
(4) Maneuvers/no apparent structural details or specific features exhibited
(5) Silent, except for a swishing sound apparently rotating on the bottom
(6) Made erratic movements, including the appearance and disappearance.
b. Description of course of objects:
(1) Observed to be hovering initially at an estimated altitude of 800-1000 feet 
(2) Moved rapidly to the north at an estimated speed of 300 mph
(3) Hovered again briefly and then accelerated to the northwest at an estimated speed of 1000 mph, disappearing from view in approximately 5 seconds
c. Description of observer to the object:
(2) Observer attention was drawn to the object and observed it for approximately 5-7 minutes

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official document or report. The text in the document discusses details about the observation of an unidentified flying object, including its elevation, disappearance, duration of observation, and other details.

(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object when first observed.
(3) Duration of sighting: Height, color, size and maneuver of object when first observed: How the object disappeared.
(4) Activity of object after it was first observed: How it appeared to be at a level slightly above the horizon, then suddenly appeared to be about 30-40 degrees above the horizon. It appeared to be a star, until it reached a level slightly above the horizon, when it suddenly disappeared.
(5) How did the object disappear: Rapidly to the horizon.
(6) Did the object reappear: Yes, in about 5 minutes.
c. Manner of observation:
(1) 2 optical aids were used.
2. Weather/Sky Conditions:
(1) 0313 hours and 0318 hours E.D.T. on 11 Jul 57.
(2) Clear conditions.
3. Location of Observer:
2633 Rock of the Road Avenue, Macon, Georgia (general area of Robins Air Force Base).
4. Identification of Observer:
(1) Civilian - Robert H. Stewart, Ga. 31206; occupation - CAPT., USAF (Regular, Retired) (Retired, no longer on active duty at Robins AFB).
(2) The reporting officer judges the individual to be reliable, intelligent, and experienced in observing aircraft and other objects in the sky.
5. Evaluation:
(1) This case appears to meet the criteria and procedures for official recording of a UFO sighting.
(2) While the observer was confident that he could see no material substance or other identifying characteristics of the object, he could not explain satisfactorily what he saw. The observer reported that the object appeared to accelerate rapidly from his field of view, and that this speed and maneuver ruled out any conventional aircraft or astronomical phenomenon. As the information provided is incomplete, other explanations may not be available.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT CONTENT:

There was no other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical or otherwise, that was evident at the time of this incident.
The observer's size to the Seen object was from the ground to about the tree tops, which is approximately 100-150 feet.
The observer's hue to the seen object was ash gray in color.
The object's lighting was very brilliant, similar to the reflected light from a heavily overcast sky.
The object landed at Robins AFB at 0050 hours.
The object departed out of S.E. landed at Robins AFB at 0101 hours.
The object returned, out of S.E. landed at Robins AFB at 0106 hours.
The object again, out of S.E. landed at Robins AFB at 0208 hours.
Complete investigatory analysis of the investigating officer is available upon request. His official address is: Lt. Col. Hogerhaug, USAF, AFIT, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.
The investigation into this reported sighting is considered complete. 
The undersigned first learned of the reported sighting from the owner of the property where the sighting allegedly took place. He stated that it reminded him of similar sightings in the area over the past few years. The owner appeared to be sincere and convincing that immediate investigation was warranted.
At the individual's office, Lt. Col. Hogerhaug stated that his report on this matter follows is a more detailed explanation.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

13 JULY 1967 INVESTIGATOR'S REPORT
It is probable that the following incident was truly inexplicable, even though the observer's background indicates that he is not the type normally associated with imaginative or distorted observations. The observer is a 42-year-old male who has had considerable experience in observing and identifying various types of aircraft, including helicopters, jets, prop-driven planes, etc. He states that on the evening of 10 July 1967, about 10:15 p.m., he observed two objects in the sky which he could not identify as any known type of aircraft. He watched these objects for a period of about 10 to 15 minutes.
The witness stated that the objects were approximately 10 to 15 degrees above the horizon, traveling in a northwest direction at an estimated speed of 300 to 400 miles per hour. He stated that the objects appeared elliptical in shape and were emitting a bright white light. He also stated that the light from the objects was not steady but appeared to be pulsating or flickering. The witness further stated that the objects made no sound and appeared to be under intelligent control, as they made an abrupt change in direction from northwest to north and then came to a complete stop.
After remaining stationary for a minute or two, the objects then resumed their northward course and increased their speed to the point that they soon disappeared from sight. The witness stated that he was watching these objects intently and that at no time did they resemble any known type of aircraft that he had previously observed.
The investigating officer stated in his report that the witness appeared to be quite reliable and that his observation was apparently inexplicable. The officer further stated that the witness had no reason to fabricate or distort his observation, and that based on the witness' background and experience, the officer was inclined to believe that the witness had observed something unusual and inexplicable.

- page 9 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

NOT has he an opinion as to what the object was, only that it was most unusual.

The undersigned is of the opinion that the complainant is a level-headed person, of good character and intelligence, and in my estimation he is a credible witness. However, it is that he did not report the incident his wife did, and it is believed that he would have been capable in the presentation of the facts, and able to supply additional details as to what he may have observed.

This case occurred all the information that the report has been based only incomplete, and no conclusions can be drawn relative to the above-mentioned sighting. However, the reporting officer indicated that the object could have been a conventional aircraft, but no such identification has been confirmed.

request any instructions/recommendations for further action that my be considered with regard to this matter.

/S/ W.J. MCKNIGHT
MAJOR, USAF
OF 70S T'd (TINT)
ARR Ck (Ck. Hqdrs)
VBGPS (Ck. Doernen)

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 13
31. 10 July 1967, Anazee, Mississippi. See attached supplemental sheet 3.
32. 11 July 1967, Macon, Georgia. Temporarily misplaced. Check to see whether this has any relation to the sighting the previous day in Anazee, Mississippi.
33. 25 July 1967, Manchester, New Hampshire. The only Manchester, New Hampshire is for a different date.
34. 6 October 1967, Osceola County, Florida. Although this had four witnesses, the data are very poor. A photograph was taken, but it is very poor. There was one trailing the other, nighttime observation, went from the northern to the southern horizon in three minutes. Anyone of three evaluations: (1) insufficient data (2) probable aircraft (3) possible unknown.
35. 31 October 1967, Denver, Colorado. Do not have in my files. Will do in Dayton.

J. Allen Hynek
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten letter or report from the Northwestern University Correspondence department.

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
CORRESPONDENCE

TO: Major J.L. Vansant

RE: Major Co....

The letter discusses details related to an unidentified object observation, providing measurements and coordinates. It mentions sighting of an object at 8:15 pm on July 15, 1967 near Lacon, Georgia.

- page 12 -

