The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

Text extracted from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 Feb '67 2230032
2. LOCATION: Urbana, Illinois 
3. NUMBER: multiple
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: several minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. PHOTOS: No
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes 

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Various observers watched a round shaped object reddishorange in color hovering the eastern sky. Sightings from different locations all agreed that the object was hovering and that it appeared to be larger than a balloon with a flare attached.
Local radio station reported that they received many calls and a few said that the object looked like a balloon with a flare attached.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from a UFO report document.

STATEMENT REGARDING SIGHTING OF A FLYING OBJECT ON FEBRUARY 25, 1967

At 21:03 (CST) on the night of February 25, 1967 I sighted from the window of room 355 of the East Chemistry Addition on the University of Illinois campus in Urbana, Illinois what I believed to be an unusual flying object. When this object was first observed it appeared in the eastern sky as a single ball of yellow light moving east at a low rate of speed. The object seemed to be approximately 45 degrees above the western horizon when initially sighted. No compass was on hand so that orientation street in Urbana, Illinois was used as a reference, assuming that this street is a true east-west line (said street is visible from the window mentioned above). No accurate measure of the object's altitude could be made. Qualitatively, it seemed that the object was approximately 1,000 feet above the ground if it were assumed to have the size of a very small single engine aircraft. After making written notes of these features I summoned another employee from my laboratory and together we observed the object until it had progressed so far toward us that it could no longer be viewed from the above mentioned window.

At this point I ran to the street below (Matthews street entrance to a parking lot behind the Chemistry Annex) and was accompanied by another employee. We sighted the object again and noted that no aircraft lights (i.e. no red, green, or white lights) were visible, that no sound was emitted by the object, and that there was no definite structure associated with the yellow ball of light. It appeared to me at that time that the object was slowly turning to a heading of northeast. No change in altitude was noticed and the object maintained its very smooth, slow movement across the sky. The yellow light clearly fluctuated in intensity.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text. As per your instructions, I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

Intensity, dimming sharply to small size and then returning to a ball of light of approximately the same size and intensity as originally observed. These fluctuations displayed no noticeable periodicity.

To get a clearer view of the object we then went to the roof of the East Chemistry Addition. From this vantage point the object floated above the ground. A commanding view of the surrounding area is available. Again we sighted the object and noted that it was moving slowly to the northeast. At this time it was noted that (1) the full moon was in the southwestern quadrant of the sky and that (2) the wind direction, as estimated by observing the smoke from the University power plant, was approximately southwest. The object was lost from view at 3:13 (CST) just before we left the roof. At that time the weather conditions in the area were noted. The sky was cloudless.

Shortly after returning from the roof I telephoned the University of Illinois Police Department and reported the sighting described above.

March 3, 1967
Urbana, Illinois

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with text only.

STATEMENT

On 12 February 1967, at about 20:00 hours, 2d Lt JAMES A. MAYNE, JR., 32nd Air Base Squadron, flying a C-130 transport aircraft from Ashcroft Air Force Base Douglas, Arizona, while traveling north on U.S. Highway 95 at about 20,000 feet, observed a red-orange ball, about 35 to 40 angle subtended, at 320째 azimuth, 20째 elevation. It extinguished it was over an area between the highway and the Douglas Golf Course. Duration of sighting was approximately 1 to 2 minutes.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only typed text.

STATEMENT
"I graduate, 3 years with USAF. I am Univ. of Illinois; High School.
"I was standing in my yard studying the North Vest and observed a bright orange object, which I thought ves a plane. As it came nearer, it appeared as a cigar-shaped object about 2 minutes. The body was a single unit and there were no wings or tail. This was around 2115 hours on the 25th of February."

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a UFO report, containing only text.

STATEMENT

I, student, University of Illinois.
"I was returning home from the auditorium after attending the movie. I observed a bright light, quite similar to a 1949 aircraft, coming towards me from the north east and was visible for 10 minutes. The time was from 2:10 to 2:20 hours on the 25th of February."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document that is part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Output of text found in the document:

"STATEMENT

University of Illinois, age 20.

"I left the auditorium around 2:00 hours on 25 February and was proceeding to the Union. As I was crossing the quad, I suddenly looked up and saw a strange white object in the sky. It was flying west and appeared to be blinking. After watching it for a few minutes, it suddenly went out of sight about 1500 hours above the Illini Towers and that it was stationary."

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with the title "STATEMENT" at the top.

STATEMENT
"Have Operations, Champaign Area, Illinois, Secretary.
"At about 1215 hours, 27 February, 1967, Mrs. Urbana, my parents and I were driving west to intersection U.S. Highway 45. I observed a reddish oval object, about 15-20 feet above the horizon. It didn't appear to be anything like a commercial or military aircraft. It didn't appear to be anything we had ever seen before. As we kept driving, it seemed to move up and down a little, but it didn't appear to be moving laterally. It didn't appear to make any noise. I couldn't give you an estimate of the size, but it was a sizable object. It didn't appear to be anything like a satellite or meteor. It didn't appear to be anything we had ever seen before. As we kept driving, it seemed to fade away."

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text describing an incident that occurred on February 25, 1967 at the University of Illinois in Urbana, Illinois. The text states that at around 2:00 hours, the observer left the auditorium, and there was no definite shape or light to be observed.

STATEMENT

Urbana, Illinois, student, University of Illinois, age 18.

"On the 25th of February, 1967, at about 2:00 hours, I left the auditorium. As I was walking across the campus, I noticed a strange light in the sky. It was a bright light, but there was no definite shape just a light. It seemed to be about 700 feet in the air. It was there for about 2 minutes and then it disappeared. I did not hear any sound. There was no cloud cover and it was a clear night. I could not see any lights or any definite shape, just a light."

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

STATEMENT

Urbana, student, University of Illinois.

"I was walking from my dorm to the Quad around 21:00, 25 February. That's what I was a star. It appeared to have red, green and white lights. It moved very slowly and silently. It seemed to be very high up. The shape was indefinite. There was no definite shape. The lights appeared to be very close together."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

STATEMENT

"At 1910 hours, 25 February, my friend (name deleted) and I were standing outside Burrill Hall on the University of Illinois campus, when we observed an object which appeared to be hovering over the main library. (Illinj Tower is a building 15 stories high). We observed an object which appeared round and stationary, and seemed to be surrounded by a bluish glow. It appeared to be dropping ashes or sparks. Then the light reBECame a steady glow and disappeared to the north east.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a report regarding a UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ABOUT
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: PTO (DIST)
M55-0-54-01873 AFSN, Ohio 45133

Report of investigation surrounding the circumstances in the sighting of a UFO on 22 February 1967 in the Urbana, Illinois area.

1. Details of transmitted report:
2. Weather map.
3. USAF Maps Release.
4. 1.5 From
5. Investigator's comments.
6. Comes to:
ATIC (ATCIN-S-P)
ADPR
AFOAT

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

INVESTIGATIVE OFFICERS REPORT

Edward J. Rrenio, Captain, USAF

I received the first report of the UFO at 0230 hours on the 27th of Feb 1967. The report was called in by Mr. James Lee Stipe. This report appeared to be the same as that received by the Chicago NICAP investigator.

I contacted the following agencies:

a. University Police: They have no serious submitted personal reports and very slow movement form west to east, appear to pas over the city.
b. Champaign Urbana Firer Department: No sightings or anything unusual.
c. Chicago NICAP: No sightings reported.
d. Navy Glenvlew: No aircraft flown in Champaign-Urbana area.
e. Rantoul Police: Slate 1N9 air guard. No flights in area.
f. Scott Metro: No equipment launched.
g. Rantoul Metro: No equipment launched.
h. State AN-UFO Investigator: No reported sightings. 
i. Champaign Willard Airport Tower: No unusual sightings.
j. WCIA Television: Enclosed is a copy of the news release given Saturday light to WCIA-TV, Champaign.
Weather conditions at time of sightings. See attachment 2.
Captain Edward Rourann, Staff Navigator furnished the following information:
Venus - 12 degree elevation at a 290째 degree bearing.
Jupiter - 60 degree elevation, 90 degree bearing.
Saturn: 300 degree elevation, 100째 bearing.
These planets are in a fairly bright magnitude.
Dr. Light-Patterson AFB on U.C.ta could not place bright satellites in the area.
At the present time, I have not been able to determine what the object was. It was observed by several individuals whose reports tend to agree on color, size, speed and maneuver. Since I have been unable to obtain more specific information.

- page 13 -

This page from the UFO report document does not contain any photographs. The text on the page reads:

affected by the television news broadcast.

event further investigation is not warranted at this time. In the
until new evidence is received, the investigation should be considered
closed.

EDWARD J. RUPPELT
USAF, Captain, USAF
UFO Officer

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a Joint Message Form with information about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

JOINT MESSAGE FORM
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: U-GLAS
TYPE MSG: ACTION PRECEDENCE 
DATE: 28/9/67
FROM: TELECON CHICAGO AND HQ
TO: ADC
PTD VPAP GOTO 
SUBJECT: UNKNOWN FLD WYS
MSGP
DETAILS ABOUT 000203 FLD GTT. FOR EVENT, AFRDC and SAP-OL. SUBJs:
Par 1, AFR 80-17:
a. (1) Round ball.
(2) Light aircraft.
(3) Reddish yellow.
(4) One.
(5) No.
(6) None.
(7) None.
(8) Twice.
(9) Fluctuating light.
b. (1) Visual sighting.
(2) Descending high, approximately 1000 feet.
EDWARD J DEVINE, Capt, USAF
UFO Investigating Officer
GEAIRS V. GLEASON, Major, USAF
Tactical Evaluation & Training Div

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a page from the 1967-02-9666432-Urbana-Illinois.pdf16.txt file.

ABBREVIATED INITIAL MESSAGE FORM 
and/or CONTINUATION SHEET

DATE: 27 FEB 67
TIME: 2031/25 FEB
FROM: (S) 40 degrees high estimate.
(4) Went to northeast.
(3) Gradually to northeast.
(2) Initial observer, 8 minutes.

c. Ground visual:
d. (1) 2030/25 Feb- 2031/25 Feb -
(2) Light
e. 40 07 minutes north - 88 degrees 13 minutes west on the University
Illinois campus.
f. (1) Graduate student in chemistry; excellent observer ability.
(2) Wilbur Clare V Coon, 302 Air Base Ops, Phase Operations and Training.
Change to Excellent reliability.
g. (1) Clear unlimited.
(2) Surface 300/15, 6000 feet 330/25
(3) Clear
(4) Unlimited 
(5) None
(6) None
(7) Standard
h. None
i. None
j. No aircraft. Possible balloon.

CONTROL NO. FOR/TOO PAGE NR. OF MESSAGE IDENTIFICATION SECURITY CLASSIFICATION
DD 173-1 URGENT

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document form from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

ABBREVIATED JOINT MESSAGE FORM
AND/OR CONTINUATION SHEET
UFO Investigating Officer: Hayward J Orenge, Capt USAF, 3315 Air Base Gp, Chamute AFB
Telephone: 618-686, telephone area code 217, office 893-3111 extension 2020, home 893-1957. As this time no determination has been made. The sighting was given television news release prior to reporting occurrence to Chamute AFB. Detailed investigation will follow. Written report will be submitted.

- page 17 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram, likely from a Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph present in this image.

21002, 25 FEB
03:00Z 26 FEB
SKY CONDITION: CLEAR

- page 18 -

The image shows a map or diagram, likely part of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The map contains various shapes and markings, but does not appear to depict any human faces or identifiable individuals.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

None. The image does not contain any readable text, only a diagram or map.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

A number of people in the Champaign-Urbana area reported sighting an unidentified flying object west of Champaign shortly after 5 o'clock, working at the University of Illinois. The object was described as coming out of the west at an estimated altitude of one-thousand feet. The object was yellow in color and had no markings, but it was pulsating and going very slowly at a level flight. It was observed for a total of 5 to 10 minutes before it disappeared.

The University of Illinois police and the FAA control tower at the U of I Willard Airport both reported that they had numerous calls about the sighted U-F-O. Several callers to Channel Three also reported the incident, and a few said they believed it to be a balloon with a flare attached.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to output all the text found in the document:

UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS
Department of
CHEMISTRY AND CHEMICAL ENGINEERING
URBANA

The William Albert Noyes Laboratory

March 3, 1967

Captain Edward J. Ruppelt
United States Air Force
Peoria AFB, Illinois

Sir:

In accordance with your request I enclose one (1) copy of my description of a sighting of an unidentified flying object which I reported on February 25, 1967. I believe that you will find that this is essentially the same as that transmitted to you by telephone on February 27, 1967.

This information is submitted to the United States Air Force with the understanding that the information will remain confidential. I also need to point out that the opinion expressed is not in any way official; they are personal opinions of an individual. I believe that you will find that the conclusions drawn by the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering of the University of Illinois are tentative and based upon limited data. We have voluntarily submitted this report to a government agency as a private citizen and not officially as representatives of the University of Illinois.

I hope that my observations will be of use to you. In the event that I may be of further service in this connection please do not hesitate to contact me.

Sincerely,
[Signature Redacted]
Engineering

JTL:11
Enclosure

- page 21 -

