There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 5/1/67
2. LOCATION: Hilo, Hawaii
10. CONCLUSION: (1) witnes-s
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 minute
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: visual (naked eye)
8. COURSE: straight
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 
The witness reported to have observed an unidentified object in the sky that was spinning and streaking with lights. The object was said to have been up to 4/4's in the apparent size of a house and had been estimated to be at an altitude of about 10 feet above the ocean. The witness stated that the object suddenly disappeared from view as the switch had been turned off. No other details or physical evidence were reported.

- page 1 -

This document does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 6585TH AIR BASE WING, APRPOC
APO SAN FRANCISCO 96553

REPTY TO:

DDO-I
ATTN OF:
SUBJECT: U.F.O. Report
TO: FTD - Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio for TDETR
HQ USAF - OSAF for SAF-OI
HQ USAF - CASE for AFR-DC
University of Colorado for DR. E.U. Condon

1. Following is from par. 11, APR 80-17:
a. Description: (Comments in parenthesis are weather observer's and time of the same location)
(1) Shape: Illuminated cross. (Cross piece appeared to be medium thin, of equal length)
(2) Size: Smaller than a hand at arms length (Ten times bigger than pibol light as seen
a theodilite)
(3) Color: Clear white light. (Orange)
(4) Number: One (One object with 5 light each arm of the cross)
(5) Formation: None (None)
(6) Discernible features: Top appeared to parachute material, orange and white stripe
light located below. Lights appeared stall. Top appeared to be unstable and wobbled from
side to side. (Top appeared to be transparent with 4 or 5 hula hoops above the lights in horizon
fashion.)
(7) Tail: None (None)

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

(8) Sound: None (None)
(9) Other: None (None)
b. Description of Course:
(1) What first called attention: Mr. & Mrs. ____ Hilo, Hawaii reported the object to police who in turn called Hilo Tower. Tower operator saw it immediately (weather observer).
(2) Angle of elevation when first observed above horizon, South Southwest of Hilo Tower:
(3) Angle of elevation when disappeared: appeared to be directly over the town of Hilo.
(4) Flight path: Smooth and straight from to last sighting.
(5) How did object disappear: Instantaneous if a switch had been turned off. (Blink)
(6) Time object was visible: 7 minutes
c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground: Visual
(2) Optical Aids: Binoculars 7 x 50. (Standard weather bureau theodolite)
d. Time and Date:
(1) 27/07/15 - 07222 (26/21/15 - 21227)
(2) Night
e. Location of Observers: Gen Lyman Field, 19 1/2 miles southwest (south end) of Hilo Tower)

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. 

f. Information on Observer:
(1) Civilian - Hawaii. Tower operator and controller; reliability, good.
(2) Civilian - Hawaii, weather man; reliability, good.

g. Weather:
(1) 2,000 scattered, 4,500 scattered, Temp Dev Point 56.0° 5 kts., Altimeter 2900'.
(2) Winds aloft, 10,000' 070° - 5 kts, 15 calm, 20,000' 290° - 10 kts.
(3) None
(4) 20
(5) Scattered
(6) None
(7) Not available

h. None
i. None
j. At Hilo (Gen Lyman Field)
k. Director of Intelligence, 6486th Air Base

Comments:
(1) Possibly a plastic bag balloon. It is possible that the object was a bigger plastic bag ordinarily used with at least 20 instead of the usual one. However, it is interesting to note that the lights went out instantly, something that would be hard with the common one.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a Project Blue Book report, with handwritten text and a signature at the bottom.

The text in the document is as follows:

achieve with candles. Wind direction, while not exactly in the same direction as the flight of the object, was in the same general direction indicated my have been in the same direction as the attitude below 5,000'.

(2) Another possibility: An ordinary weather balloon with battery powered light devices suspended below. The hull loop effect may have been caused by the suspension lines cutting into the balloon.

(3) Third possibility: A plasma of ionized air. The orange color is about the same as a low pressure sodium light. The manner in which the lights went out, however, might indicate the plasma suddenly lost its charge, equalied with a plasma phenomena. 

(4) These ideas are pure speculation and at present cannot be supported by evidence. Simply because these objects have been observed over the islands of Hawaii, Maui and Oahu the last 3 years, and in all instances they have listed as unknown since we could not find a logical explanation, they may be all insignificant according to the criteria of ATIC, however, they are seen by the public and cannot find a reasonable explanation. Some may be hoaxes all, because the local population of some of the sightings, such as the remote voleanes and water areas between some of the islands are not logical launching points.

(5) Attached is another man's opinion.

1 Atch
Clipping from 
Advertiser

JERRY W. MILLS, Major, USAF
Director of Intelligence

- page 5 -

The image contains a black and white hand-drawn illustration, but no photograph. The illustration depicts a cartoonish figure, likely meant to represent a "UFO pilot" or similar, holding a sign that says "HILO" and surrounded by other strange creatures or objects.

HONOLULU ADVERTISER APRIL 27, 1967
"WHERE YOU SAY DA KINE DIRECT FLIGHTS COMIN"

- page 6 -

