The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a Civilian Observer Data Form for Evaluation.

TEXT OUTPUT:

PROJECT 1075 RECORD 
July 1867 65, *6 
LOCATION 
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK (1 »««1982)
10. COMMENTS ON INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Observer sighted a silvery colored object that had white revolving lights on the edges and a red light on top.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer was sent a Form 117, but never returned it as of this date.
7. COURSE
Not Reported
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text OCR output is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light - reminiscent of lightninglike appearance. This may explain, and bright

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: About the brightness of a bright streak of lightning at night.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Hazy 
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other - it was apparently not a solid object as it made no noise. I believe it was just "lightning" streaks.

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or fly away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with written responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It appeared at the times mentioned suddenly, and then as it had some slowly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One):
Yes     No     Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what: It moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One):
Yes     No     Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what: In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound.
b. Color: a bluish-white, with blue-green in the front segments.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you can perform this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? -- about 1 1/2 to 1 inch was seen on July 6. Second on July 7.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[There is a hand-drawn sketch provided in the image.]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a series of questions and multiple-choice answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other AT home, looking out window

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North c. East e. South g. West b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No b. Sun glasses (Yes) No c. Windshield (Yes) No d. Window glass (Yes) No e. Binoculars Yes (No) f. Telescope Yes (No) g. Theodolite Yes (No) h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 4 -

The image appears to contain a photograph or diagram, but no photograph is present. The document appears to be a page from the Project Blue Book report and contains instructions and diagrams related to describing and drawing the motion and trajectory of observed unidentified flying objects.

Text content:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are of the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
December 17 and 17, 1966, at same location (item).
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 19 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
My interest in these experiences started in December 1966 when I was looking for meteors of the Geminid shower. It is my observation, though, that New York is a poor site for these observations.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
------ Day ------ Month ----- Year

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 July 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
I want to all, o would like to make a restatement. The mentioned lights on July 6 and 7 and are the wo brilliant flash like objects that were accompanied by a strange effect. I would say that the very presence of them to your attention. I phenomenon and interpret with a lightning effect, which it did apparently not relate to say, that they were -the shape, size, weather conditions and its non-intelligent.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, showing a letter from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation on July 6, 1967.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 6 July 67

TO: 
 
Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text related to a UFO observation report.

The text in the document is as follows:

"GDPT/UFO Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/lab/ 12 Jan 63

UFO Observation, July, 1967

Brooklyn, New York 11229

1. This replies to your letter concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object.

2. While reviewing our correspondence files we found your letter in which you reported seeing an unidentified object on 17 June 1967. Because of our error, your sighting was not investigated at this time. We handle over 10,000 letters and investigate approximately 1,000 UFO sightings a year. Owing to a heavy case load, we regret that this has kept us from investigating your observation. However, if you would consider submitting a detailed A.F. Form 117/117W we will investigate your sighting in an early manner.

3. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force, once again. Please excuse us for not responding to your correspondence earlier.

MAJOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena OfficeAgents de Technologie Division
Production Directorate"

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from Lt. Colonel Earrett E. Young of the U.S. Air Force to an individual regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Dear [redacted],

This replies to your letter of August 29 concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Without essential information, such as detailed flight characteristics, angular velocities, weather information, or the precise data you are unable to furnish the investigator, we will be unable to complete the investigation of your observation. All known cases require certain minimum information, which must be provided, if our present data base is to be expanded.

We hope the enclosed Project Blue Book report will be of help to you in identifying the object you saw.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

EARRETT E. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil-Military Relations Division
Community Information

Attachment:
[address redacted]

Brooklyn, New York 11229

SAF-OIC
Coord Cy - SAF-OIC
Info Cy - SAF-OIC
Ret Cy - SAF-OIC
Reader Cy - SAF-OIC
Suspense - SAF-OIC

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a project Blue Book UFO report document.

Dept. of the Air Force
Panrgraph
Washington, D.C. 20335
Gentlemen:
Following is a drawing of an object I saw in the sky about the middle of July.
It could be seen from about 8:50 P.M. until 9:45 P.M.
I could see it very well through powerful binoculars. It seemed to be about four or five miles away.
When I saw this object I was standing on the corner of in Brooklyn.
RED
SILVER color
WHITE
Lights glowing slowly
DARK
could be seen
when lights passed it.
I would appreciate your contacting me, at your earliest convenience, with regard to the above matter.
Yours truly,

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document used by the United States Air Force to collect and analyze reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page is as follows:

1. DATE & TIME GROUP:
2. LOCATION: 
3. SOURCE:
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS:
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION:
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
7. COURSE: 
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
           0 No
9. PHYS CAL EVIDENCE:
10. CONCLUSION: OUR #7 (GROUND FLR 1967)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Our #7 is a positive case of light objects sighted. The objects were brilliant white objects with a halo, and they were sighted off and on for over 15 minutes. The objects appeared to dance or oscillate, and then appeared to suddenly disappear. This appears to be a genuine sighting of a UFO.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribed text from the document:

Our Technical Intelligence Center brought this
information to our attention.
Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

I have written this to make you aware of a physical phenomenon, quite similar to
my sightings of the 11th and 12th of December, 1966.

On the morning of July 6, 1967, at exactly 2:18, I again sighted two luminous objects, much brighter and closer than the one which was bright-white and followed the preceding one by about one second. This one widened from a narrow point and extended about 360 above the northeast horizon (indicated on diagram). Both were silent and did not interfere with radio reception.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only handwritten text. The text appears to be a report or description of a UFO sighting.

The flasher apparently emanated from a site extremely far away. It was a clear night, although it had rained the night before. The light of the flasher had a bright temperature between 55-65 degrees. If there would be another occurrence of this phenomenon, the writer would report it to you.

The morning of July 7, 1967 was almost a perfect match of the preceding one, incident for instance. A light whose color was extremely bright strokes of light were noticed, their point of origin apparently a large ball (apparently, it had 2 dimensions). Again, there was no sound and no interference with radio reception.

The writer sincerely hopes this information can be of assistance in understanding this wonderful world.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram depicting a landscape with buildings and structures.

Text extracted from the document:
2d July 1967
July 6, 1967

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report form that the U.S. Air Force used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena (UFOs) that were observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 9 Apr 1967
2. Time of day: 12:15 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Brooklyn, New York
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? it wasn't
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day: Bright, Night: Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 16 -

