The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 30 Jan 67, 07002
2. LOCATION: California, Missouri 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4-5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground
7. COURSE: Horizontal
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers were two white males. They witnesses said that there was some motion. The object disappeared toward the north. An aircraft was the probable conclusion, and was seen by the witnesses. There were no records to indicate that an aircraft was in the area, and consideration of the existing weather conditions appears that the course of the object was the plane sighted.

- page 1 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a UFO sighting questionnaire or report form.

U.S. SIGHTING QUESTIONNAIRE
(NAME) (CITY OR ADDRESS) (PHONE NO.)
1. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
a. Shape: R/11
b. Size (Compared to hand of pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, basketball, basketball, etc): (when held at arm's length)*
c. Color: white, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, violet, purple, gray, black
d. Number: R/11
e. Formation (if more than one): R/11
f. Recognizable features or details: Traveled speedily in a swirling motion
g. Trail? Exhaust? Size: R/11
h. Sound emitted: N/a
i. Other features or comments: Angle of approach and maneuver
2. COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What first called your attention to the object?
b. Angle above the horizon and direction from your position when object was observed.
c. Angle above the horizon and direction from your position when object disappeared.
d. Direction of movement/maneuvers of the object.
e. How did the object disappear? (Suddenly to the North, etc)?
f. How long did you observe the object (1 min, 5 mins, 1 hour, etc)?
3. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
a. From ground, visual___________. From air, visual____________.
From ground, electronic __________. Specify type of radar.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Extracted text from the document:

1. LOCATION OF OBSERVATION (Street address, city, state): 500 March Drive, central town nr. marsh, xxx

2. Did you use binoculars, telescopes, etc? Yes ___ No X__

If yes, indicate make, model, power, etc.

4. DATE AND TIME OF SIGHTING:
a. Date: February 22, 1967
b. Time: 7:30 Local

5. LIGHT CONDITIONS (Clear, Dusk, Dawn): Dusk, Cloudy

6. WEATHER CONDITIONS: 
Describe the weather (Cloudy, Raining, Hot, Cold, etc):

7. REMARKS:

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text about "Flying Saucers' Visit Central Missouri Area".

Flying Saucers' Visit Central Missouri Area
"Though the 'saucers' observed in this area, mostly at night, have been described as circles - as 'flying saucers' are conventionally depicted - the vehicles involved. A spokesman at the University of Missouri, in Columbia, reports that they have reportedly resembled giant diamonds, pear shapes, or rectangles in actual observations. While 'circles' may be an approximate description, it does not seem accurate for all the vehicles involved.

Some of the details reported are: The vehicles are silent, except for a jet-like sound as they move through the air. In some instances, a bright light at the rear of the craft is reported, and described as 'a ring of fire'. One eyewitness reported observing through binoculars at a range of 200 yards that the craft appeared to be about 50 to 70 feet in diameter. Another reported seeing 'thousands' of the objects moving swiftly, almost vertically, and at great speed. The flights have sometimes extended over a period of 2 to 3 hours.

Though the lights observed can be seen by the naked eye, in most cases they have been observed through binoculars, telescopes, and camera equipment. Numerous reports have come in from trained observers such as a former congressman, farmers, students, and other residents of the area. Even as long ago as 1897, there were reports of strange aerial phenomena in that part of Missouri.

Many scientific and other experts have stated that there is no evidence, to date, under scientific analysis, that would indicate the objects are extraterrestrial in origin. The University of Missouri has stated that there is no laboratory evidence to support the existence of 'flying saucers' and that the phenomena can be explained in conventional terms."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO Reported Over California
Are flying saucers perhaps? Well, according to the latest bulletin to arrive from the U, S. Air Force's 'Project Blue Book', there has been no evidence that any unidentified flying objects - or as they are more commonly known, UFO's - have been seen at all. 

The two men were wolf hunting on the Missouri Ozarks when they sighted a brilliant ball of light approaching them from the northwest. They watched the ball of light as it came closer until it divided into two brilliant lights that began blinking at a tremendous rate. The lights then appeared to merge into one again and shot upwards at a tremendous speed. The men said the lights were so bright they had to shield their eyes.

According to the report, the men said the lights were bright blue and then an extremely bright white. The lights were observed to be about the size of a basketball swinning at a fast rate. The men indicated that when the lights were combined they resembled a helicopter. The lights were in sight for approximately 30 minutes, and the men said that at times the lights appeared to change course, gaining and losing altitude up and down. The report stated that the men had never seen anything like this before with the exception of a helicopter. The lights were in sight within a relatively short distance of the men.

In recent weeks there have been many reports of unidentified flying objects by numerous reliable witnesses in the Missouri Ozarks. The Air Force has investigated these reports and has found the explanation to be that these lights are being used to hunt wolves at night by powerful spotlights. A request was made to the switchboard monitoring the reports to discontinue any further reports on this particular subject due to the fact that a colonel had already been assigned to investigate the matter. The colonel later stated the Air Force has strong evidence that these lights are simply high-powered spotlights being used to hunt wolves at night.

This explanation does not cover the entire incident, for the report states that the lights were seen to move at a rapid rate, and at times appeared to change course, gaining and losing altitude rapidly. This particular aspect of the incident cannot be explained by the use of powerful spotlights.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned page from a UFO report document. The text on the page describes reports of "flying saucers" visiting the Central Missouri area during the previous week, including details about the observed objects, their movement, and witness accounts. The text also mentions a civilian group called NICAP (National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena) that was investigating the incidents.

Flying Saucers' Visit
Central Missouri Area
Last week, strange objects
which were described as "fly¬
ing saucers" were reported
seen in the sky over various
areas of Central Missouri. Re¬
ports came in from Fayette
and Columbia.
According to a UPI story, an
unidentified flying object was
seen by several persons in the
Fayette area at about 7:15 p.m.
on Jan. 10. The object was de¬
scribed as being about 30 feet
in diameter, reddish in color
and giving off multicolored
lights as it moved rapidly
through the sky.
The object was said to be
traveling at a high altitude and
moving rapidly back and forth
over the Fayette area for about
10 minutes.
Dr. James Dusch, professor
at Central Methodist College,
said, "There is no doubt in my
mind that something was seen,
since this was reported by sev¬
eral independent observers."
Another report came from
near Columbia where a flashing
light was said to have been
seen in the sky about 7 p.m.
Jan. 8. The unidentified object
was described as moving at a
rapid rate.
The National Investigations
Committee on Aerial Phenom¬
ena (NICAP) has sent a three-
man team to the area to inves¬
tigate the sightings.
According to NICAP, the
group has received numerous
reports of unidentified flying
objects being seen over Central
Missouri during the past week.
While the Air Force contends
there has been no verified sight¬
ing of a UFO, the reports con¬
tinue to come in from various
citizens who stated they saw
something they could not ex¬
plain.
NICAP officials said they
were interested in the reports
and would attempt to get more
details about the sightings in
order to determine if they ap¬
peared to be authentic.
"We are anxious to interview
any persons who may have
seen these objects or have any
information about them," said
a NICAP spokesman.
UFO Reported Over California
An unidentified flying object
was reported seen over Califor¬
nia early last Monday morn¬
ing by the crew of a Trans
World Airlines flight.
TWA pilot Ralph K. Hunt and
a TWA stewardess said they
saw a bright light that appeared
to be chasing the jetliner at a
high speed as the airliner flew
over central California, ap¬
parently in the vicinity of
Bakersfield.
Hunt and the stewardess
said the light seemed to be
keeping pace with the jetliner
and at times appeared to be
gaining on it.
It was last sighted over the
San Joaquin Valley, according
to the TWA officials.
The Air Force said an inves¬
tigation was being made to de¬
termine what the object might
have been.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: BO

SUBJECT: UFO Sightings  

TO: FTD (SDETB)

The following information is submitted in accordance with paragraph 11, AFR 80-17:

a. Description of the object:
(1) Shape - N/A
(2) Size - Pea
(3) Color - blue, red, green, and white (lights only)
(4) Number - N/A
(5) Formation - N/A
(6) Discernible features - N/A
(7) Trails or exhausts - N/A
(8) Sound - N/A
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Rough motion, forward

b. Description of course of object:
(1) What first called the attention of observer to object? Light of object.
(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: 25° - 30° above horizon - 200°north of east.
(3) Angle of elevation of object upon disappearance: 25° above horizon due north.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: From east to northwest, very erratic.
(5) How did the object disappear? Gradually to north.
(6) How long were the objects visible? 4 - 8 minutes.

Peace... is our Profession

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it does contain a detailed report from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified flying object sighting on January 30, 1967 near California, Missouri.

The text from the document is as follows:

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground - visual
(2) No optical aids

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) 30 January 1967, 0100 Central Standard or 0700 Greenwich

e. Location of observer: One and one half miles southeast of highway 87 and C junction, 12-13 miles south of California, Missouri.

f. Identifying information on observers:
(1) Civilians - Mr. and Mrs. Route #3, California, Missouri, concerned citizens and a reliable citizen.

g. Weather and winds - aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
(1) Clear and cold, no overcast
(2) Visibility - clear
(3) Amount of cloud cover - none
(4) Temperature - 30° Due point - 30°
(5) Wind - six knots, light and variable from the west

NOTE: A front was in area at the time, moving back into Central Missouri area from Illinois, causing dense fog by 0300 Central Standard Time.

(6) Balloons released at Columbia, Mo. at 0530, 30 January 1967
2,000' + 29°F 10,000' + 28°F
3,000' + 31°F 15,000' + 10°F
5,000' + 45°F 20,000' + -8°F
25,000' + -30°F

h. Observers claimed a plane (2 engine) flew over the area immediately after the sighting, but no records of such a plane exist for the area indicated.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a report, related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page is handwritten and appears to be a statement or report from an officer, Samuel T. Martin, Jr., 2nd Lt., USAF, Assistant Ground Training Officer, at an unspecified location.

OCR output:

Training Officer, BOI, Ext. 3106, Box 693, Whitefish, Missouri, 65301. Personal interview with the witnesses indicates that they observed 5 "lights" and that I found them very reliable and positive in relating their information. However, after considering all the information with our weather officer, LT Wade, I believe the "lights" were caused by weather conditions at that time which consisted of a front moving across the area causing radical changes in atmospheric temperature and visibility. There has been a plane sighted in the area soon after the "lights" were seen.

FOR THE COMMANDER

SAMUEL T. MARTIN, JR., 2nd Lt, USAF
Asst Ground Training Officer
Base Operations and Training Division

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a written report.

Colonel Brendle:

Colonel Adkins received following from Jack Crawford, California Publishing Co., California, Mo.:

Two local, reliable business men reported an unidentified flying object at 0100 this morning, 30 Jan. It approached from the east from Russellville and went over the farm at which point it turned northwest; and flew directly over California, Mo. The object had lights that were white, green, and red and death blue, very bright, similar to Xmas tree lights. They were cycling very fast, no sound involved, estimated 1/2 mile high. The object was going up and down at varying rates of speed. Cannot estimate size or shape but stated the motion was too slow for a plane and too fast for a helicopter.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or note, with various numbers and calculations written on it.

23.13
6.23
1.26.71

29.91
112.82
755.77
54.77

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with some numerical information and the letters "MSC" written towards the top.

SFC   2-23-67
      OF CONTROL
      CODES 05055
                 18999 + 10
                 20399 - 800
                -----

            DATE OF COPY 0010

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO sighting report form.

UFO SIGHTING QUESTIONNAIRE
ROLLA 3, CALIFORNIA (OR CITY OR ADDRESS) (PHONE NO.)
(Use back of page if more space is needed. Give all details)

1. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
a. Size: APPROX. 50 FT. 
b. Size (Compared to head of pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, basketball, etc., when held at arm's length): 2.5-3 IN.
c. Color: WHITE - RED - GREEN
d. Number: ONE 
e. Formation (if more than one): NONE
f. Recognizable features or details: NONE

g. Trails? Exhaust size: NONE
h. Sound emitted: NONE
i. Other features or comments:

2. COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What first called your attention to the object? LIGHT
b. Angle above the horizon and direction when your position when object was observed: 75-80% ABOVE HORIZON ROSE NORTH OF EAST
c. Angle above the horizon and direction from your position when object disappeared: HORIZON NORTHWEST OVER TREES
d. Direction of movement/maneuvers of the object: APPEARED TO BE ROTATING AS IT MOVED SLIGHTLY NORTH TO NORTHWEST. 
e. How did the object disappear (Suddenly to the North, etc)? DESCENDED BELOW HORIZON NORTHWEST
f. How long did you observe the object (1 min, 5 mins, 1 hour, etc)? 2-3 MINUTES

3. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
a. From ground, visual YES. From air, visual ________. 
From ground, electronic __________. Specify type of radar.

Text extracted from the UFO sighting report form:

UFO SIGHTING QUESTIONNAIRE
ROLLA 3, CALIFORNIA (OR CITY OR ADDRESS) (PHONE NO.)
(Use back of page if more space is needed. Give all details)

1. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
a. Size: APPROX. 50 FT.
b. Size (Compared to head of pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, basketball, etc., when held at arm's length): 2.5-3 IN.
c. Color: WHITE - RED - GREEN
d. Number: ONE
e. Formation (if more than one): NONE
f. Recognizable features or details: NONE

g. Trails? Exhaust size: NONE
h. Sound emitted: NONE
i. Other features or comments:

2. COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What first called your attention to the object? LIGHT
b. Angle above the horizon and direction when your position when object was observed: 75-80% ABOVE HORIZON ROSE NORTH OF EAST
c. Angle above the horizon and direction from your position when object disappeared: HORIZON NORTHWEST OVER TREES
d. Direction of movement/maneuvers of the object: APPEARED TO BE ROTATING AS IT MOVED SLIGHTLY NORTH TO NORTHWEST.
e. How did the object disappear (Suddenly to the North, etc)? DESCENDED BELOW HORIZON NORTHWEST
f. How long did you observe the object (1 min, 5 mins, 1 hour, etc)? 2-3 MINUTES

3. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
a. From ground, visual YES. From air, visual ________. 
From ground, electronic __________. Specify type of radar.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text and some redacted information.

Position at time of observation (front of 506 March Drive, Control)
1 1/4 miles S.E.
Were binoculars, telescope, etc? Yes
Is yes, indicate Make, Model, Power, etc. No
DATE AND TIME OF SIGHTING: 
Date: 12/30/1947
Time: 7:00 AM Local
Light conditions (Day, Night, Dusk, Dawn): 
WEATHER CONDITIONS:
Describe the weather (Cloudy, Raining, Hot, Cold, etc): Temperature - 28-30°. Clear except for low clouds just above horizon. No wind.

- page 14 -

