There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION Fairborn, Ohio
3. SOURCE
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground observation
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE Yes No

10. CONCLUSION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See case file

TO BE USED ONLY FOR AD-329 (TD3) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book. The document contains questions and fields for the witness to fill out, including whether they have seen a similar object before, whether anyone else was with them, personal information, and when and where they saw the object.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AGE SEX

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text.

Text from the document:

14. Date you completed this questionnaire: Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

It was late at night, it looked like stars to me, I saw four bright lights in the sky. They seemed to be moving in a circular pattern, there were approximately 60 seconds between each pass. I did not hear any unusual sound. The lights were about the size of a large star. They seemed to just disappear into the distance. I don't know what they were and I can't explain what I saw.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO 27 February 1957
ATTN OF: TDPT/UFO

TO: M.J. HARDING, OHIO 45385

Reference your unidentified observation: The information which we have received is not sufficient for us to evaluate this request you complete the attached UFD Form 14 and return it in the envelope provided. In reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch 
UFD Form 14

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"PUBLIC FOR THE RECORD: 26 FEB 67  

Received a call from Mrs. Bolin who said that she saw a round silver glow in the sky. The 0330 call indicated the merchant and moving rather rapidly going down behind some trees.  

Mrs. Bolin said she would complete my form and send it to me.

Mrs. Bolin's address is as follows:
Fairborn, Ohio"

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a report dated 2-6-1962 from Fairborn, Ohio.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
2-6-1962 Fairborn, Ohio
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 5. SHAPE  6. HOW OBSERVED
One bright light
7. DURATION OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes
8. DIRECTION OF OBJECT
Moving downward
9. DISTANCE OBSERVER 10. CONCLUSION
Appears possible 

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer saw a bright light descending toward an area. It was only a light, and she never saw it land. Though she feels it could have been a landing aircraft, this is the first time she has reported it. A landing aircraft with bright landing lights could have accounted for this observation.

TQ: FORM TD-43A 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the "U.S. Air Force Technical Information" questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make, unless you specify otherwise.

1. When did you see the object?
Day - Month - Year

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address - City or Town - State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours - Minutes - Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Exactly timed b. Fairly certain c. Rough estimate d. Just a guess 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes - No

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY: a. Clear b. Hazy c. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Hazy c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): 
a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

FTD GS-AT 154 THIS FORM SUPERSEDES FTQS 154, JULY 1952, WHICH IS OBSOLETE.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moon, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Overcast
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Mild
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Fragment
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared to give off light, was it brighter than the surrounding stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?	Yes	No	Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?	Yes	No	Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?	Yes	No	Don't know
d. Change brightness?	Yes	No	Don't know
e. Change shape?	Yes	No	Don't know
f. Disappear suddenly?	Yes	No	Don't know
g. Flash on and off?	Yes	No	Don't know
h. Disappear gradually?	Yes	No	Don't know

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with questions about the observer's sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something, such as a cloud? (Circle One: Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what)
16. Did the object move in front of something, such as a cloud? (Circle One: Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what)
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound, b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please use arrows beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that includes a questionnaire. The questionnaire asks the observer various questions about the observed object, such as its speed, distance, location, and how it was observed (e.g., through binoculars, telescope, etc.).

Transcribed text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Near airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? - _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes   No  
b. Sun glasses Yes   No
c. Windshield Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when pieced up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 10 -

The image contains a diagram with a compass rose and instructions for the observer to draw sketches related to the movement and direction of an unidentified object or objects. There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the survey line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same survey line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90°
SO"
80°
70°
60°
50°
40°
30°
20°
10°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

