There is no photograph present in the image provided. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 670117
2. LOCATION: GRANVILLE, OHIO
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (A/CRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer stated he observed a solid, elongated object which appeared to be metallic. Color: Black and silver.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form that the witness has filled out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or details and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] AGE: SEX:
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically from the file named "1967-04-7453277-Granville-Ohio.pdf3.txt".

The page contains a form or questionnaire, with questions such as "Date you completed this questionnaire:" and "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting." The rest of the page is blank, allowing the witness to provide their written responses.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document on Department of the Air Force letterhead, addressed to a person in Granville, Ohio.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:	TDC/UFO                                                                 3 May 1957

SUBJECT:	UFO Observation, 14 Apr 57

TO:	Mr. [redacted]
    Granville, Ohio 43023

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. As the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

/s/ HECTOR C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten text or annotations at the top and bottom of the page.

Project Blue Book
1967-04-7453277
Granville, Ohio
5.txt

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a blank page with some redacted text and markings. There is no visible photograph or other visual content in the image.

Serial 116-6
Serial No. 116-6

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information report, possibly related to Project Blue Book. The document contains a questionnaire for individuals to fill out and provide details about a UFO sighting, including the time, location, and description of the object observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Time: Duration)
5.1 How were the lights determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a questionnaire format. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

9. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Fuzzy
c. Transparent
d. As a light

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): 
a. Clearly defined
b. Fuzzy
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?     Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?     Yes   No   Don't know
c. Start, stop, or change direction?     Yes   No   Don't know
d. Change brightness?     Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change shape?     Yes   No   Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?     Yes   No   Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?     Yes   No   Don't know

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or report form. 

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. If you wish to know the angular size, hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 10 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a diagram with a curved line and several angle markings, as well as a compass rose. The second sketch is blank, with instructions to "draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made."

The text in the document reads:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

