The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

Project 10073 Record
1. Date-Time Group: 17 Aug 67, 18/0152Z
2. Location: Beach Haven, New Jersey 
3. Source: Civilian
4. Number of Objects: 1
5. Course: Irregular 
6. Length of Observation: 2-3 minutes
7. Type of Observation: Ground Visual (EX)
8. Photos: No
9. Physical Evidence: No
10. Conclusion: Probable (AIRCRAFT) 
11. Brief Summary and Analysis: The object appeared to be a big cigar which had window outline from one end which shows that it was sharply outlined. It was a brilliant white color. It moved parallel to the earth, and then suddenly shot straight up into the clouds and out of sight.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. How your attention to this object first attracted? The report notes that the object attracted the observer's attention about one mile south of Beach Haven, New Jersey.

31.1 Is any physical evidence available? The report indicates "no" for this item.

31.2 Please list any evidence: The report mentions "Lafayette Hill, Penna." which appears to be the location where the object was observed.

32. Please give the following information:
NAME: Redacted
ADDRESS: Beach Haven, New Jersey
TELEPHONE: Redacted
OCCUPATION: Female

33. When and to whom was this report made? The report was made on August 15, 1967 to the New Jersey State Police Department.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report describing a UFO sighting.

OCR Output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:      /     /1967
 Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The sky was clouded over completely except in the southeast. 
The wind direction was southwest and I checked this out with the Coast Guard Station 1-4 in Beach Haven.

The object suddenly appeared in the northeast approximately half-way across the Little Egg Harbor Bay. There were no blinking lights on the object as one sees on planes. 

I looked through the binoculars at the object and saw a solid brilliant sphere with a super-structure in the shape of a cigar (a fat cigar) and having what looked like window outlines from one end to the other.

The object moved toward the east, parallel to the earth, and then suddenly shot straight up into the clouds. NOTE: The object moved across wind.

ON THE NIGHT OF AUGUST 28, 1967, AT APPROXIMATELY 10:15 P.M., Mother (name removed) and I saw another U.F.O. This object suddenly appeared in the south - very high - and moved downward toward the southeast. 
I thought at first it was a falling star or meteorite, but then the object shot straight up and moved in a straight line, parallel to the earth, into the northeast at a fantastic rate of speed. Mother witnessed the object also.
The wind direction that night was northwest. There was no moonlight but the stars were bright. The object had no blinking lights at all. As I said, the speed was fantastic, like the U.F.O. my husband and I saw the night of January 25, 1967, at approximately the same time.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page with handwritten text.

Text from the document:

I am more than interested in learning the identity of this object, as well as the object my husband and I saw the night of June 25, 1967 and the night of July 21, 1967 and the identification of them, that is one thing, but if you can, then please advise me. Thank you.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO sighting report.

UFO (Maj Quintanilla)/70916/ma/5 Sep 67
UFO OBSERVATION, 17 AUGUST 1967

Operations:
U.S. Coast Guard
Beach Haven, New Jersey 08003

1. The U.S. Coast Guard is investigating an unidentified flying object report which occurred over the Beach Haven, New Jersey area at approximately 2125 hrs, 17 August 1967. The object appeared suddenly in the northeast, approximately one or two miles over the Little Egg Inlet. The object was very brilliant, the size of a golf ball, and was moving toward the east, parallel to the coast.

2. Request information on any type of air activity in the area which could have accounted for the observation. Possibly, someone at the Coast Guard base observed the same or similar UFO. Any information you provide will be helpful in our investigation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

Gs C. MANANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old government document, specifically a Treasury Department United States Coast Guard report regarding a UFO observation on August 17, 1967 in Beach Haven, New Jersey.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT
UNITED STATES COAST GUARD

From: Commanding Officer, Bonds C.G. Station
To: Director of Technology and Subsystems, USAF
Subj: UFO Observation, 17 August 1967
Ref: (a) TDCR/UFO ltr. dtd. 6 September 1967

1. (a) No sightings of UFOs: this unit did not have any sights on patrol, in the Beach Haven, N.J. area on the evening of 17 August 1967, and no sightings of UFO's were reported by personnel on duty at this station.
2. There were no overdue small craft on that date so there was no Coast Guard air activity in the area at that time.

P.V. McGHEE USCG

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book document, containing only text.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

MEMO FOR THE RECORDS

Observer has a sighting for 26 Jan. 1967
from Manhaskin, Jersey / this sighting
was evaluated as (Poss.) Satellite.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an incident report. The text in the document is as follows:

ITEM/UFO (Miss Quintanilla/70916/mss/20 Sep 67) 20 Sep 67
UFO Observation, 17 August 1967

Base Operations:
Inquire AAFB, New Jersey 8561.
1. The information person is in receipt of an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Beach Haven, New Jersey on 17 August 1967 at 1610 hours. The object appeared to have been a bright light that moved toward the east and after approximately two minutes disappeared.
2. Request information on whether your radar covers this area and if you identified any unidentified tracks were noticed at the time of the sighting. If there any conventional aircraft in the area at the time, this information would be appreciated.

FOR THE COMMANDER
JAMES C. MAYNARD, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 8 -

This document does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or report from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters 4602nd Air Base Group (MAC), Ailing Air Force Base, New Jersey, dated August 17, 1967.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4602ND AIR BASE GROUP (MAC)
AILING AIR FORCE BASE, NEW JERSEY 08401

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: G435(C-5)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 August 1967 (Your nr: 20 Sep 67)

TO: Air Force Technology Division
AFSC - Evaluation Air, Code 455333

1. Reference your letter 20 Sep 67, Subject: "Unidentified Aerial Object observed on 17 August 1967 at 2125 EDST".

2. On 17 August 1967 at approximately 2125 EDST, two of the security guard personnel on duty observed a relatively bright light in the sky traveling in a northerly direction. The light appeared to be at an altitude of 1,500 feet or more and was moving at a rapid rate of speed. It was observed for approximately 2 to 3 minutes before disappearing from view.

3. It is very difficult to determine what type object caused this phenomenon since the only information given is the security guard's observation. No photographs or other physical evidence has been obtained to substantiate their report.

4. If you can be of any further assistance, please let us know, or duty phone is 609 724-3100, Extension 2771/2743.

John G. Camowyn
Major, USAF
Deputy Commander

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Beach Haven, N. J.
08008

August 18, 1967

Colonel James C. Manatt, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems
Department of the Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Colonel Manatt:

Last evening I saw what I can only call an unidentified flying object about 9:25 P.M. My brother witnessed the object also.

Enclosed is a chart showing the south end of Long Beach Island and Little Egg Harbor Bay. On the chart I have indicated approximately where we first sighted the object over the bay in the northwest, the easterly course it took and disappearance.

The sky above and in the northwest was cloudy to high, dark clouds. The object appeared suddenly in the northwest, gliding in, approximately a mile and a half or so over the bay. Using a landmark, it suddenly appeared over Shelter Island, the object was brilliant and looked like a golf ball and moved like a falling leaf, both high and low and one can see their fore and aft and either be both part of or scattered lights. However, we could not see any of these lights on the object.

I looked through the binoculars and saw the object quite, in fact, very clear. It then seemed to ascend gradually and then disappear, and all we could see was a bright bluish glow over it, which was not nearly as brilliant and which was the shape of the object only silhouetted. We watched very closely but the object seemed to be withdrawn.

The next morning I called the Coast Guard in Beach Haven, the State Police and the Cape May Beach Beach Island Board of Trade about it. I added about it.

Please do let me know if you can ascertain the identification of the object we saw. Thank you.

Sincerely yours,

P.S. At the time we saw the abovementioned object, the wind was blowing from the southwest, which I checked out with the Coast Guard log.

- page 10 -

The image provided appears to be a fishing chart of the Beach Haven area in New Jersey. It contains a detailed hand-drawn map of the coastline, islands, and other geographic features. The map includes annotations and labels such as "Smuggery Dock", "Little Egg Harbor", and "Caution" regarding navigational hazards. Overall, the image is a hand-drawn fishing chart and does not contain any photographs.

Snuggle ry Dock, 12 St at the Bay, Beach Haven, New Jersey
Fishing chart 
Caution: 
This chart is for Fishing only Islands Sand bars
Indicated depths of under 10'
Maximum Depths in Fathoms
Indicated by sounders {depths)  SALT Water
Shoreline  Breakwaters, Banks, etc.
Beach Haven channel (est. 5 hr. TIDE)

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph included in this document. The image shows an official letter from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDSA/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 Aug 67

TO: Mrs. G. Haven, New Jersey.

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 17 AUGUST 1967
2. Time of day: 9:20 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. (Daylight Saving) d. Mountain e. Pacific f. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BEACH HAVEN, NEW JERSEY
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 22.3 MILES Seconds
5.1 How was the time in sight determined? CHECKED TIME AFTER OBJECT VANISHED
5.2 Was the object in sight continuously? Yes - No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 13 -

There is no photograph in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with questions about an observed object in the night sky.

H. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Bright, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know, b. Suddenly speed up or slow down at any time? Yes/No/Don't know, c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes/No/Don't know, d. Give off smoke? Yes/No/Don't know, e. Change brightness? Yes/No/Don't know, f. Change shape? Yes/No/Don't know, g. Flash or flicker? Yes/No/Don't know, h. Disappear and reappear? Yes/No/Don't know

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting. The form has several questions for the witness to answer, including details about the object's appearance, movement, and behavior. There is a space provided for the witness to draw a sketch of the object or objects they observed. However, no such sketch is present in this particular image.

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will output all the textual content found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Went straight up and vanished into clouds

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ___ As silent as all
b. Color ___ Brilliant white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with various questions and multiple-choice answers related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an airplane (type)
d. On an airplane 
e. Outdoors
f. Other looking over the Bay

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near a lake or ocean?
e. Flying over or near a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other near the shore or Beach

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. Southeast
e. West f. Southwest g. North west

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Windows Yes No
e. Binoculars (Yes) No
f. Telescope (Yes) No
g. Theodolite (Yes) No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A OBJECT MOVING AT A SUPERSONIC SPEED SIMILAR TO BIG CIGAR WHICH HAD WINDOWS STICKING OUT FROM ONE END TO THE OTHER.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and sketch. The diagram appears to be a compass rose or navigation diagram, showing different angular directions. The sketch shows an object or objects in the sky, with instructions on how to indicate the object's position and motion relative to the horizon and compass.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 17 -

