The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10-73 RECORD
1. ATE - TIME GROUP: 05/11162
2. LOCATION: Franklin, Indiana 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: [X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [X] No
10. CONCLUSION: Other: (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
The observer has a similar sighting on 30 November 1966.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO sighting report.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12-6-67
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

For several weeks prior to this incident I was both afraid and angered by several strange lights I had seen in the sky from my home in Franklin, Indiana. These lights would hover and maneuver in such a way that I became convinced that they were some type of aircraft. To the best of my recollection, the first time I noticed this was about the 20th of November, 1967, and I would have a sighting of these lights almost every night since then. This made me that my spouse was tripped and I did not get much sleep.

About the 29th of November 1967, the mail pick-ups at the corner had a man watch for 4 or 5 pick ups each morning at about 5:30 a.m. for about a week. Or the two men who came to sell gardening door to door told my wife and they did not know anything about the sighting?

Or the 6th of December 1967, that following me from home to the work and back for 3 days?

If these and many other things happening, caused me to be reluctant to send this report in at all.

- page 2 -

There is no visible photograph or image in the document provided. The document appears to be a typed report or memo from the Aerial Phenomena Office regarding a UFO sighting in Franklin, Indiana on 7 May 1967. The text in the document is as follows:

REPORT (UTO) re Col Quintanilla/70916/ahs/7 May 69

UTO Observation, 4 December 1967

Franklin Police Department 
Franklin, Indiana 46131

1. The Aerial Phenomena Office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Franklin, Indiana which occurred on 7 May 1967 at approximately 2300 hours.

2. The observer sighted an egg shaped object that had a window in the rear. This object was observed to be approximately 500 feet in altitude and hovering over a housing development, 3 miles west of Franklin, Indiana. The object then gave off a bright flash of light and disappeared at great speed.

3. Did you receive any reports of unusual objects for this date? We would appreciate your comments as to a possible cause for this sighting.

4. Thank you for your assistance on this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Foreign Technology Division
Production Directorates

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document containing handwritten text.

OCR Text Output:

On Dec. 4, 1967 while I was driving home from work in Indianapolis, I saw another object the same size and shape as the one 30/11/60.

2 miles south of Franklin, Ind. at 7:10 in evt. It was about 500 ft. high, traveling at a speed slightly less than 4 mile west of U.S. 31.

It was in view for 10 min. Just long enough to realize a log-mile away. From time to time it appeared to pivot slightly about 3 ft. diameter. The craft was round with a halo around it 30-50 mph in a parallel flight over the ground not bouncing or anything.

At times it flattened out in a horizontal position and at times banks to show its concave underside. As it moved some distance directly toward my car, it didn't seem to dazzle my headlights. A Intensity with a 3 point star below.

Just before I lost sight of the object, it seemed to drop down in landing or something.
pattern-like - NW and Flew away N.W.

at a great speed.

I did not report this until today to the authorities because I was reluctant to do so due to the fact that something to say. It doesn't seem incredible.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a form or questionnaire with various questions and answer options related to an observed UFO or unidentified object.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky on the horizon
b. Scattered clouds
c. Thick heavy clouds overhead
d. Fog

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate to heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (No) Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes (No) Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes (No) Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes (No) Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes (No) Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes (No) Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No) Don't know

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire is designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer the questions as completely as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as confidential, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 5:57 (Circle One):   A.M. or  P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern  b. Daylight Saving  c. Standard  d. Mountain  e. Pacific  f. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Taylorsville End State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5:57-6:04  Seconds
5.1 How was size in sight determined? a. Fairly certain c.car dash
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? Dusk Clouds behind object Bright Sun
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be part of a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book. The photograph shows a sketch or drawing of a UFO sighting, including details about the object's size, speed, altitude, and appearance.

Here is the full text transcribed from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
Flew over horizon out of sight

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One) YES   (Don't Know)      IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
Traver lined up to telescope

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) YES   (Don't Know)      IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
A rotating path 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - deep humming - like the sound of a power plant
b. Color - red and green lights flashing in order

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick in line with a known object and tell how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19.5 foot at 150 yds, 100 yrs altitude, speed about 160 mph

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
A winged fuselage with a 3 red ball shaped bright lights flashing in order, 3 green glowing lights, the rear emitting a 1.23 front to back trail.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of UFO reports investigated by the United States Air Force.

Transcription of the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 150 yards at closest point

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 60 mph miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) e. Binoculars Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) f. Telescope Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No) g. Theodolite Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No) h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
The ufo was egg shaped, but elongated, four times as long as thick with a singular rim on the front.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. Yes Middle of April, 1967 Saw lights near Atterburg headed N.W. So miles outside of Franklin at 6:45 a.m.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you observed the object? Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Several cars stopped on US 31 but I did not talk to any. Many people saw the object as it came and reported it, but I am the only one who saw it close up.
32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME - ADDRESS - TELEPHONE NUMBER - AGE 26 - SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent. I am a tooldie maker and I have automatic Registering Air which both require accurate and fast observation.
In July of 1964 I was a witness to a heavy damage accident on I-65 at Martinsville Ind.Involving 5 semi trucks. John D. Howell of 901 3rd St Columbus Ind. who assisted me can be verified.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 30 Day Nov 66 Year Sherriff Dept. and to my Congressman ASDC Columbus

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and instructions related to a UFO report. The diagram appears to be a visual aid for an observer to sketch the movement and direction of an observed object.

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sighting) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

