There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT
LOCATION
Riverside, CA
CONCLUSION
Possible AIROR.
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object brightness to the observer and its maneuver gave the impression of a possible aircraft. Sounds none.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a handwritten letter on what appears to be a Project Blue Book document.

"Project Blue book"
Wright - Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio 45433

April 3,

Dear Sir,

My name is and I am a friend. I saw two U.F.O.'s 
So I made a report. I hope this will help you in your work.

Thank you for reading this.

Sincerely yours,

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The text appears to be a handwritten report or description of observations, likely related to a UFO sighting.

Witnesses: 
1. Date of observation: 
R) 8 April 1967 
T) 10 April 3, 1967
2. Location of observer:
R) In front of San Bernardino private school
3. Duration of observation: 
R) 30 seconds
T) 1 minute 15 seconds
4. Condition of sky:
R) clear and few clouds
T) clear with few clouds
5. Number of stars and state of:
R) day light
T) daylight
6. If so, compare brightness with known stars: 
R) little duller than sun
T) duller than sun
7. Behavior of object: 
R) Appeared suddenly
T) stopped and hovered, then disappeared suddenly
8. Did you observe the object:
R) No
T) Yes

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text.

9 Was there any wind?
R) Little breeze
T) Little breeze

10 Please describe: sound, color
R) No sound; silver
T) No sound; silver  

11 Describe outline:
R) Disk shape
T) Disk shape

12 Did the object rise or fall while
R) No
T) No

13 Apparent size of object held at arm
R) Nickel
T) Dime

14 How did the object disappear from view
R) Likesome
T) Unknown

15 How did you happen to notice the object?
R) Looking through a window.
T) My friend saw it and called me.

16 Estimated distance of the object?
R) 1 mile and a half
T) 1 mile

17 Compare speed with jet at same
R) Much faster than a jet.
T) Faster than a jet.

18 What were you doing at the time?
R) Talking.
T) Talking.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The text in the image states "7) Playing with a friend."

7) Playing with a friend.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a photograph or a hand-drawn sketch, but there is no clear photograph visible. The image shows a faint outline of what appears to be a cloud-like formation or object with the text "CLOUD" written below it. There is also the text "Hovering" and "Dis appeared" written in the image.

As requested, here is the OCR text from the document:

CLOUD
Hovering
Dis appeared

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form to be filled out by a witness who has observed an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used for research purposes without your permission. We request this personal information from you only to better assist you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How was the time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and options for the witness to fill out regarding their sighting of a UFO object.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8-1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Less than usual
c. More
d. Don't remember

8-2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Few, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Vapor or gas
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare its brightness to some common objects.
_Brighter than stars_

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Clearly defined
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharpely outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change color? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and responses related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
a said it slowed down suddenly

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, explain:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, explain: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: Silvery
b. Color: Silvery

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object of the same size. How much of the object was covered by the match head?
About 1/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any outstanding features of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or flame if the object was moving.
NO DRAWING

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answer choices.

20: Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an open field
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object or objects which you saw.

This is my OCR output of the text found in the document:

20: Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an open field
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object or objects which you saw.

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a sketch and a compass rose, but no photograph. 

In the OCR output, I will transcribe all the text found in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the horizon where the object was shown. If place a "B" on the same horizon (skyline) where you first saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the starting point of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRANSCRIPTION:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give data or datas and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] LAST NAME: [REDACTED] FIRST NAME: [REDACTED] MIDDLE
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] STREET, [REDACTED] CITY
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] AGE: SEX:

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which may be relevant.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - - Month - - Year -

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is part of the United States Air Force's study of unidentified flying objects.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire is or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDL

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 8 Apr 67

TO: , RIVERSIDE, CALIFORNIA 92503

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Ref [sic] you complete the attached FID Form 164 and return it to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 14 -

