The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10 RECORD
LONDON, OHIO
CONCLUSION _16 FEB 64 
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer states the object maneuvered at a high rate of speed and appeared to accelerate rapidly. Object was seen for a period of approximately three minutes and seemed to move in a direct line from east to west. Object was described as round in shape and appeared to be glowing or luminous without trails or exhaust. Observer was unable to determine size or altitude of object. Weather conditions were clear at the time of the observation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As per your request, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Being a bicyclist, it is only natural that I travel with such traffic conditions from the rear, as well as oncoming aircraft in front of me. While riding in heavy traffic, I became suddenly aware of an object in the sky, which, though slightly obscured by trees, appeared to be a 5" reflective telescope. I studied the object in some detail and noted that it appeared to be a bright, metal, disc-shaped object and continued to observe it for about 100* of an arc as I was looking. Information given in the questionnaire, it seems, does not accurately reflect the situation that occurred, there being no temporary low level check made, and no report of abrupt landing, which never occurred. From observations that have been trying to estimate the dimensions of the object to have been about 35 feet across, at a highest point, with a series of bands, concentric in form, moving in a rotational manner, and being the first day of March, and that the vision of this object terminated, and a temporary loss of consciousness occurred, which may have delayed visions, and a temporary low level check had to be made.

- page 2 -

The given image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a letter.

Wednesday March 15th,
London, Ohio 7:31

Commanding Officer
US Air Force Base
Wright-Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir/

A short time ago I, while teaching a lady teacher of this community, about 2 weeks ago, tell me how this incident moved me to get in touch with your department.

The subject has to do with a UFO which I had sighted about two weeks ago, while traveling a short distance to where I am employed. As the object was close to the ground, it discovered the aircraft of our neighbors. In discovering this object, the startling fact is that it can discover fields, nor a building.

The lady question advised me that your interests may readily confirm this incident, and she assured me to get in touch with you.

A flight of about 5 to 7 minutes of this craft, as it inserts a windshield of sort of yellowish light, suddenly should shoot straight up.

No sound was heard from this craft, and was out of sight in about 2 hours, no draft crossed my line of sight. As described, this craft was a Class of unknown which were published in the press, and described in the classes of unidentified objects which have been described elsewhere.

Possibly the description I have gives of the craft can aid you in identifying such craft. However, you are more than welcome to the above description.

Respectfully yours, I am,

OCR Output:

Wednesday March 15th,
London, Ohio 7:31

Commanding Officer
US Air Force Base
Wright-Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir/

A short time ago I, while teaching a lady teacher of this community, about 2 weeks ago, tell me how this incident moved me to get in touch with your department. 

The subject has to do with a UFO which I had sighted about two weeks ago, while traveling a short distance to where I am employed. As the object was close to the ground, it discovered the aircraft of our neighbors. In discovering this object, the startling fact is that it can discover fields, nor a building.

The lady question advised me that your interests may readily confirm this incident, and she assured me to get in touch with you.

A flight of about 5 to 7 minutes of this craft, as it inserts a windshield of sort of yellowish light, suddenly should shoot straight up.

No sound was heard from this craft, and was out of sight in about 2 hours, no draft crossed my line of sight. As described, this craft was a Class of unknown which were published in the press, and described in the classes of unidentified objects which have been described elsewhere.

Possibly the description I have gives of the craft can aid you in identifying such craft. However, you are more than welcome to the above description.

Respectfully yours, I am,

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typewritten letter or document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

TDST/UTO
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Mar 67

TO: London, Ohio 43140

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. We suggest you complete the attached PID form 164 and return it to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MACCALL, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document related to the investigation of unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
Information on possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have submitted to this office are many questions as your attention. The information that you give will be kept confidential, if is not deemed necessary for conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? -- March 1966
2. Time of day: 7:00 PM (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific E. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? London, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 (approx.) Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By my rate of travel and clear view of object
5.2 Was object's course determined? Yes _X_ No
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day: Bright Night: Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): A. In front of you B. To your right C. To your left D. To your left E. Don't remember

Confusion - Torus-shaped obj?

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image provided. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with a series of questions and checkboxes.

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

10. The object appeared:

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:

13. Did the object:

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how long did it remain in sight before disappearing?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - None but the black splotches, which appeared as birds or some such at first.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known size of the object if you had performed this lighting, how much of the match head would have been covered by the object's apparent size.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing such features of the object as you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails if any place in giving inside the drawing should show the direction the object was moving.

The image depicts a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page contains various questions related to the observation of a UFO, including information about its appearance, movement, and other details. The text appears to be a survey or report form filled out by an observer.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph visible in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a document with a series of questions and response options related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)        YES        NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 10-15 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)        YES        NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300-400 ft. or less

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country-side?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over the country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North       b. Northeast       c. East       d. Southeast       e. South       f. Southwest       g. West       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 45-55 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)       YES        NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes        No
b. Sun glasses        Yes        No
c. Windshield        Yes        No
d. Window glass        Yes        No
e. Binoculars        Yes        No
f. Telescope        Yes        No
g. Theodolite        Yes        No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed, as closely as you can recall it. Consider its shape, size, color, brightness in relation to the sun, moon, or stars, as well as any trail, exhaust, or other observable characteristics.

- page 8 -

The image contains a sketch that appears to be part of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The sketch includes a diagram and instructions for the observer, with references to placing an "A" and "B" on the diagram to indicate the position and motion of an observed object. There is also a compass rose or direction indicator in the top right corner of the image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. These storage bins close together, actual numbers of them.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing various questions and responses related to a UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME LAST NAME FIRST NAME MIDDLE NAME
ADDRESS Street London City Zone Ohio 
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 49 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be significant in connection with this sighting. I am a retired civil servant, have done office and file work, being always of realistic and positive that I have been employed to be and logical investigational quality that includes optics, and the application of same.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Was March 1, 1967, and identification officers of March 1957, a city in which I am employed, in a recent letter to my sister, but not in receipt of answer from her.

- page 10 -

