There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing detailed information about an observed unidentified aerial phenomenon.

TEXT OUTPUT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. STATE - TIME GROUP: 04/21/52
2. LOCATION: Grand Forks, North Dakota
3. DATE - 7:
4. CONDITION: Astro (VENUS)
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Seen
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes
10. CONCLUSION: This was apparently the planet Venus, as it had a pinkish cast, at about 30 degrees above the horizon, moving from west to east and disappearing on a line towards east.
Reported to have been seen from Grand Forks, North Dakota, through Devils Lake area and passing on a line toward the Minot area.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a series of questions and answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Output from the OCR:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 6.8 m. p.m.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 4 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
a. Inside a building a. In the business section of a city?
b. Outdoors b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an automobile (type) c. In open country(RURAL)
d. In an airplane (type) d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country? e. Other
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 65 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Binoculars Yes No c. Telescope Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No e. Theodolite Yes No f. Other

26. In your own words, describe in detail anything which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A Deep Sided Saucer or The Variety Commonly Used in Restaurants.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing instructions and diagrams related to reporting UFO sightings.

27.- In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass to show where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path. Draw any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was more than one object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image consists solely of a diagram and text instructions.

27.- In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved lines to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire or form filled out by a witness.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. John Myer, Aincent who was highly excited

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: REDACTED
ADDRESS: Minnewaukan, North Dakota
TELEPHONE NUMBER: REDACTED
AGE: 29
SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Air Force Weather Observer Four Years
North Dakota Highway Patrolman

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
3 March 1962
Grand Forks Air Force Base

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Text extracted from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: MAY 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I have been a witness of Nights For A Period of 12 years. I have, in that time, Never Saw Anything Which Remotely Resembled The Object Described. I have never observed any new types of aircraft, and Being a weather observer For Four years I Am Quite Familiar With What Observations Have come under My Eye. And This Was Definitely Not Airforce or These. 

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text-based document from the Department of the Air Force, discussing a UFO report.

Text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DXT

SUBJECT: UFO3 Report

TO: CDR DETER
USAF-ATIC PATTERSON AFB, Ohio

1. A County Sheriff and two North Dakota highway patrolmen sighted a UFO 7 miles SE Sheyenne, N.D. at 1:10 AM on 9 Mar 67.

2. This office contacted the sheriff learning of his sighting.

3. The attached reflects a summary of all three reports and is in accordance with paragraph 11, AFR 80-17.

FOR THE COMMANDER

CHARLES B. WILSON, Colonel, USAF
Director of Information

Peace.....is our Profession

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document describes various sightings and reports related to UFOs.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

a. Large star, flat at arm's length, star, one, w.a. none, none, none, none, seemed to spin and at times had a pinkish cast, then dim then bright again.
b. Percival Boger Brumfield, N.D. Highway Patrol: 20 degrees from ground level, west, moved in the west to a northerly direction, 10 minutes.  
c. S.55 p.m., 3 Mar. 67, night.
d. 2:20 p.m. and Beacon Junction on west side of Fort Totten Indian Reservation in North Dakota.
e. 2:40 p.m., Rockford, N.D.
f. Clear and Cold.
g. (None mentioned in report.)
i. North Central R.R. - to route passes from Grand Forks, N.D. through Devil's Lake and proceeds to Minot, North Dakota, passed on a line from northeast to southwest.
j. Lt. John W. Hawley, 4 T.C. Information Office, 1-701-594-6374, (office), Minot, North Dakota (phone).
II. a. Round, grapefruit at arm's length, red-blue-green-clear, one, none, none, appeared, object and colors were brilliant as object proceeded on level flight path.
b. Appeared to be a light on an elevator (faulty) where there was normally a light, the light was not a regular fluorescent and appeared to maintain brightness longer, then suddenly - there then were, eight (8) minutes.
c. Observation, no aids, through drivers side and front windows of car.
d. 6:20 p.m., 3 Mar. 67 (local time and date) night.
e. 22.5 (25) miles south of Minot, N.D. on US 281, proceeding from Oberon Junction to Miniwauken. (There are two junction roads, this one 18 more of the one indicated in item c above.)
f. Cold, Clear, No Clouds.

- page 8 -

This page does not contain any photographs. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

II continued.

a. (None reported)
b. (Case attempted)
c. (Same as item J above)
k. (Same as item K above)

III. a. Flat, white, one, none, none, none, bright star.
b. Patrolman Roger Brunsfield, M.D. Highway Patrol, about 1,500 feet, on approach to what said relative and in doing so would change from a flat-white light to a tinted pink and then to a dull white light. (59) months, (50) minutes, object remained stationary and then it disappeared.
c. ground visual, none
d. 0145 p.m., 3 March 67 (local time and date) night.
e. 6 to 10 miles from Glen Ullin, seemed to be over Cameron area (judging from the officer said the object from the junction near Cheyenne.)
f. Carl Olson, M.D., M.D. Highway Patrol
g. clear
h. (None reported)
i. (Case attempted)
j. (Same as item J above)
k. (Same as item K above)
NOTE: In addition, Dr. Brunsfield seems to have seen the object about 1/2 (20) minutes earlier and some six (6) air miles or where the object was sighted by Olson; however, the other two cite the same time and location. Dr. Brunsfield stated he sighted the object and then retraced his route to the other junction but could not relocate to an accident; so all where he again sighted the object he brought it to the other officers' attention.

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, but rather a hand-drawn sketch or map. The sketch depicts a geographic area with some labeled landmarks, including "North Central Route to Minot", "Esmond", "Devils Lake", and an annotated railroad line. The map also includes a directional arrow pointing north.

North Central Route to Minot
Esmond
Devils Lake
US 281
Gravel surfaced county road
HH railroad
Scale 1/16 = 1 mile

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ACFTIO (TEACWRAL)
UNCLASSIFIED 31 MAR 69
DEFARIHFNT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO 3 MAY 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 3 Mar 67

TO: MSGT..., North Dakota 58331

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a definitive evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it to the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

LASS C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information related to an unidentified aerial phenomenon. The form has several sections for the witness to provide details about the sighting, including when it occurred, the time of day, the location, the duration of the sighting, and the position of the sun relative to the object during daylight sightings. There is also a section for the witness to describe the condition of the sky at the time of the sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as accurately as possible. The information will be used only for official purposes in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 3 March 1967
2. Time of day: 12:30 (Circle One): X A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 4. Eastern 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Minot, N. DAK.
5. How long was object in sight? (Time: Duration) Minutes 12 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes/No Yes 
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Overcast d. Night Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Hazy d. Scattered clouds e. Overcast f. Don't remember 
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Still b. Moving c. Vanished d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. About the same c. Dimmer d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Appears landing lights in distance

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One): a. Fully outlined b. Partly outlined c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Perform any sudden maneuvers? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a filled-out questionnaire or report form about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. 

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what. 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Heard None
b. Color Green or Green to Brown, Reddish Tint, Cream
18. We wish to know the angular size, hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please draw inside the dressing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 14 -

