The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
Group: 22/21/600
Location: Fairborn, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION:
Observer told Duty Officer that this is sighting was only one of many where strange lights were seen in Fairborn area. And flickered and no notice was made.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 
Observer stated light in sky was from the west then turned and headed NW. The light flickered and no notice was made.
COMMENTS CONTINUED:
This report was sent to the Project Blue Book, but they were not considered as being seen from their central office. It is listed as conflicting.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions.

30. Have you ever seen this or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location(s).

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO. If yes, answered YES, who else saw this object? (Circle One) YES NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Age
Sex
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special associations, which relate to this report.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a form for gathering information about a UFO sighting. The form includes questions such as "Date you completed this questionnaire" and "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting."

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day _ Month _ Year _

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give may serve as a clue to the identity of the object. The information that you give may be used in official conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day, Month, Year

2. Time of day: 28:15 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern, 2. Central, 3. Mountain, 4. Pacific, 5. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Residential or Street Address)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Estimate

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Slight, b. Hazy, c. Partly Cloudy, d. Overcast, e. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. Behind you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Don't remember

FID FORM 164 This form supersedes FID 143, Jul 58, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and options for the observer to select regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT:

1. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
6.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. Less
c. Same
d. Don't remember

6.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. As a light
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know - compare brightness to some common object

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star 
c. Sharply outlined

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)     Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, describe what happened:
in front of.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)     Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, describe what happened: 
in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound       NONE
b. Color       ORANGE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ALL

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label all important features such as wings, portholes, exhausts, etc. and indicate the direction of the object's movement.

CIRCLE

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes (R)
IF you answered YES, than what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) 
IF you answered YES, than how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Flying over a city or town?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you notice any change in your speed while you were looking at the object? 
Yes (Circle One) No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Circle all that apply)
a. Eye glasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Window - glass
d. Window - plastic
e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

26. In order that a clear picture of the appearance of the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw, describe in your own words:
BALL

- page 7 -

The image contains a sketch with instructions for the observer. The sketch depicts the horizon with the object's apparent position and movement. There are instructions to draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects, and to indicate the direction changes during the course. The image also contains a compass rose, which is commonly used for orientation. However, the image does not contain any photographs.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line that shows the horizon (skyline) where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the horizon where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a sketch of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

YES

31. If yes answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

FAIRBORN OH 

TELEPHONE NUMBER

WITH WITNESS SAW IT ALSO

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
NO OTHER
AGENCIES

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 OCT 63
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDJG
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 20 October 1967
TO:

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. It is requested that you complete the enclosed AF Form 117 and return it to this office at the address provided. If you are not a witness to this sighting, please return the form marked accordingly. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANART, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: Ttpt/ufo

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 20 October 1967

TO: Unreadable, Ohio 45324

This refers to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to this UFO sighting on 20 October 1967, it will be appreciated if you will complete the enclosed report and return it to this office in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this siting, please make a statement to this effect on this letter and return it to this office.

Thank you for your assistance in evaluating this observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DCS/O
SUBJECT: UFO (Your observation)

TO: 
Hillsfield, Ohio 45504

Thank you for your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific investigation of this report. Additional information is needed in order to properly evaluate the details of the occurrence.

JAMES S. NANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a form or document titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" where an individual has filled out various details about an unidentified aerial phenomenon they observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as complete information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please answer all questions as fully as you possibly can. The information that you provide in connection with this report will be carefully considered and will be of great value to the Air Force in connection with further evaluations, studies, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information because it is deemed necessary. For further details...

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Time Duration)
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

The text has been transcribed from the document as requested.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a form with various questions and check boxes for the witness to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified flying object.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moon light
b. Crescent 
c. Don't remember
d. No moonlight - pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Day
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compared brightness to some common object:
_____________________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and then slow down? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know 
d. Give off sparks? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcription of the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Speed: _____
b. Color: _____

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, now much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please show beside the drawing the direction the object was moving.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)	YES	NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)	YES	NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)	a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Out of doors
d. On an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a
b. In the residential section of
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving?
a. North	c. East	e. South
b. Northeast	d. Southeast	f. Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?
(Circle One)	miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)	Yes	No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eye glasses	Yes	No	e. Binoculars	Yes	No
b. Sun glasses	Yes	No	f. Telescope	Yes	No
c. Windshield	Yes	No	g. Theodolite	Yes	No
d. Window glass	Yes	No
26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance...

- page 17 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. The sketch appears to be an illustration for a UFO sighting report, with instructions on how to draw the motion of the observed object and indicate its location relative to the compass.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the sketch at the high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a sketch of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 18 -

