The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP	2. LOCATION
8 Jan 67	9/00/02	Detroit, Michigan
3. SOURCE	10. CONCLUSION
Civilian	Aircraft(possible)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS	11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
One	Observers watched a bright white light coming towards them. The object gradually turned toward the east as it turned to the west it appeared to be getting lower in the sky. The description is consistent with that of an aircraft approaching and departing.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION	
10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Witness
7. COURSE
Eastward
8. PHOTOS
Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a diagram of a compass and instructions for a sketch related to the observation of an unidentified flying object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a form from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribing the text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before?. If so give date or dates and location.
'770

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Last Name: [Redacted]
First Name: [Redacted]
Middle Name: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 25    SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: 1    Month: 4    Year: 1967
Agency: AFSAGBR
Please give pertinent details: Detroit, Michigan

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the document with the filename "1967-01-8531864-Detroit-Michigan.pdf4.txt".

The text that can be extracted from this page is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:	7 27 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object moved very slowly, seemed very bright, the air seemed very still.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a US Air Force technical information questionnaire related to an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
    - Day
    - Month
    - Year
2. Time of day:
    - Hour
    - Minute
    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: 
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                 b. Central
                 c. Mountain
                 d. Pacific
                 e. Other
    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                 b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Nearest Postal Address
    City or Town
    State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess
    Hours
    Minutes
    Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
    Yes
    No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY
    a. Bright
    b. Cloudy
    NIGHT
    a. Bright
    b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you
                 b. In back of you
                 c. To your right
                 d. To your left
                 e. Overhead
                 f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 42 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the witness's observations of an unidentified object in the night sky.

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Haze
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick, heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ______________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle one)   a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes - No - Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down at any time? Yes - No - Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes - No - Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes - No - Don't know
e. Leave a trail? Yes - No - Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes - No - Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes - No - Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No - Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that includes a questionnaire with various questions about the reported UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? One the dul cair out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Loing
b. Color Pale vellowish whitish.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure the size of the object as covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Cover the whole object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The text following the drawing reads "It was standing where the X is."]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other 

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country/ids? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other.

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Binoculars Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Window Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Theodolite Yes No f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. It looked like a fairly bright light of about a distance of one mile. It moved at about the rate of a fast-moving jet plane.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document or report, containing illustrations and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve: line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass to show where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before?
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
Yes                        No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?  
Yes                        No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted], Detroit, Michigan 48215
[Redacted], Detroit, Michigan 48215

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Redacted] [Redacted], [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 21   SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted]   [Redacted]   [Redacted]

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 Day 1 Month 1 Year 67

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. When the object was first sighted, it seemed to be heading towards me and went directly overhead. It gradually turned and went out of sight. It made no sound and there were no lights as it passed overhead. It was a greyish color and seemed to be rather large. I couldn't judge the size or distance very accurately since I had no points of reference. It generally moved smoothly but did exhibit a slight pulsating or vibrating motion, not unlike the motion of a falling leaf. It was not shaped like any known aircraft.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Force response to a UFO observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDTN/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

TO:

Response your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for positive evaluation. We should have additional details on the sighting form 14gl and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF 
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch 
FTD Form 14gl w/envelope

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a scanned document related to a UFO observation report from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDSET/UFO 

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 3 Jan 67

TO: DETROIT, MICHIGAN 48215

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached PID Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PID Form 164 w/envelope

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC), regarding a UFO observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDW:/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 2 Jan 67

TO: Lovesady, Michigan 48227

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please you complete the attached AFD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MARANA, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
AFD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a description of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

"UPON" Reporting Data:
a. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
(1) Shape - round
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length - Pea
(3) Color - It was a dull white 
(4) Number - One 
(5) Formation, if more than one - 
(6) Any discernible features or details - Apparent shiny lighting inside
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object - None
(8) Sound; if heard, describe sound - No sound
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features - Indistinguishable

b. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? - Overhead
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed - 15 degrees, 300 degrees
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance - Angle of elevation 20 degrees, azimuth 60 degrees
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s) - Moving east and upward slightly
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? Instantaneously to the North, suddenly disappeared in the South horizon 
(6) How long were the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.) - 10 minutes

- page 15 -

This document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, but it does not contain any photographs or images. It is simply a form with various fields for recording details about a UFO sighting.

MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronics, air-electronics (if radar).
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting - 2255Z, 15:50 to 15:55 Z (0100)
(2) Light conditions: (Use one of the following terms: night, day, dusk, dawn, twilight)

LOCATION OF OBSERVER(S): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position.

IDENTITY OF INFORMATION ON OBSERVER(S):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.
(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty and estimate of reliability.

ADC-1 Cmbt Spt Cp-CDC Salisbury, APB, N.C.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena or UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer each question as accurately as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you furnish us with any personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?

2. Time of day: 7:00 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Detroit Michigan

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Circle

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓ No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Bright c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

B. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Haze
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESSTOSOME COMMON OBJECT: Occasionally a very bright light

12. THE SIZES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Larger than a star
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes - No - Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes - No - Don't know 
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes - No - Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes - No - Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes - No - Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes - No - Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No - Don't know

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object change speed or direction at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what happened.

16. Did the object move in front of or behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Rustle
b. Color Bright white light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object would have been covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 19 -

