The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 11 Mar 67 
2. LOCATION Torrance, California
3. SOURCE Civilian 
10. CONCLUSION: CONFLICTING DATA - CASE
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer stated that the object appeared to be a bright light. The observer stated that the object had a whirring sound. Colors cherry red and bright all lined.

FTD SEP 43 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

VISUAL CONTACT

Commercial Airlines Pilot. S. C. Pierson.
Torrance, California
Route, Dayton, Ohio
Date, March 11, 1962. (Here enclosed)

Dear Sir:
I have just finished the check in of my report on the incident which occurred on March 11, 1962. (Here enclosed) The report is as follows:

At approximately 1:57 a.m. while flying at 21,000 feet on a compass heading of 030 degrees, I sighted a very bright light off to the right and slightly forward of my aircraft. The light was brilliant white in color and was approximately 50 to 100 feet in diameter. It was traveling at a high rate of speed, estimated at approximately 3,000 to 4,000 mph. As the light approached my aircraft, I turned on my landing lights in an attempt to observe it more clearly. As the light passed my aircraft, which was traveling at approximately 320 mph, it appeared to be slightly smaller than my B-707 jet. The light continued on a straight path and disappeared from sight in approximately 10 to 15 seconds.

I immediately reported this incident to the Dayton control tower, and they confirmed that they had also picked up the object on their radar and had been tracking it. They stated that the object had been traveling at a very high rate of speed and had disappeared from their radar screens.

I feel that this was a very unusual and unexplainable incident, and I would appreciate any information or comments you may have regarding this matter.

Sincerely,
S. C. Pierson
Commercial Airlines Pilot

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text.

Text extracted from the document:

To Appeared to be going to agamet 
pndolation (sic) any thought of an earthly type 
a small object not very prominent but dis
tiguished from others with it. Passing in a
long arc at moderate speed. Another very 
similar object passed in the opposite direction
following almost the same path in not quite
so long an arc. These objects gave no details
of structure which could be determined from
the observation. The nature and origin of these
objects is highly speculative.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which is a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you supply will be used in connection with the evaluation of such phenomena. The inclusion of your name will not be used in any reports, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information be used only if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 1 MARCH 1967
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): c. Eastern (Circle One): g. Daylight Saving (or Standard)
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Torrance California
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Just a few seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright; b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): c. To your left

FTD FORM DECT 49 164 This form supersedes FTD 159, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing various questions and options for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 150 candlelight

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Make any sudden turns? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One)    Yes     No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 200 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    YES    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approx 1/2 mile 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of
b. In the residential section?
c. In open country/area?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): 
a. North   c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. N

24.2 How fast were you moving?  miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield    Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No
e. Binoculars    Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite    Yes   No 
h. Other   camera

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as this observation. The way to judge a similarity is to try and match size and shape, color, and the way the object or objects moved.
Object was circular in shape and silvery in color. It appeared to be hovering and then accelerated at a high rate of speed and disappeared from view.

- page 6 -

The image contains a photograph of a document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document appears to be a standard form or questionnaire used to collect information about UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No!

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes - It moved behind a cloud and the reappeared momentarily and then disappeared.

16. Did the object move in front of or behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes In front of: ... disappeared behind a cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Faint, undulating, hissed
b. Color - Cherry-red to bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or a man's length in line with a known object such of the object as observed by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment during the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/3 of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the number or size of the object that you saw such as wings, appendages, etc., and especially indicate trails or wings. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of the UFO, showing its approximate shape and direction of movement. The text indicates that the UFO appeared cherry-red to bright white in color, made a faint, undulating, hissing sound, and was partially obscured by a cloud at one point during the sighting.

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only drawings and diagrams. The text that can be extracted from the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high the object was shown when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object.
78°
60°
45°
30°
B 20°
15° 
A

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
A path curving over horizon

29. IF there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NO.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES / NO

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES / NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mary Covldwell, 2049 Torrance Blvd., Torrance, Calif. 90503

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: Torrance, CA
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 55 SEX: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which: [text appears to be cut off at the bottom of the page]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Live reported an Sgt. Oakley of El Toro Marine Base in April 1967.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. 

The text from the document is as follows:

"34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23 Day 3 Month 1960 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points mentioned in this questionnaire. 

Please include details pertinent to the sighting, whether or not your sighting was either experimental aerial vehicle, or perhaps of an ariel or air borne nature. A great deal of negative elements is involved as the object was at a low altitude. A type of probe or aircraft reconnaissance vehicle was noted, with a red light on top. It appeared at first to be static or hovering and then moved in an erratic manner, eventually moving off at a high rate of speed. When it was a close up, one observer noted portholes that were slit-like in appearance and could see indistinguishable forms within which appeared humanoid in shape. this at a distance of about 500 yards, the sighting occurred at about 10:10 pm on the 7th of March 1967 in Torrance, California. The object was directly overhead and continued on a westerly direction at a high rate of speed, disappearing from sight within about 60 seconds. No noise whatsoever was detected during the sighting. The observation lasted approximately 1 minute and 30 seconds.

A TYPE 1 MAKE OF CAMERA USED: Hasselblad - Graphic - Rollei
B. LENS SIZE: 85mm- 120mm- 135mm- Other: Prosser
C. FILM TYPE: Positive - Negative: b&w
D. SHUTTER SPEED: Sec: Sec:
E. DIAPHRAGM VALUE: Sec: Sec: Yes 
1. WAS TRIPOD OR SOLID STAND USED: No 
2. FLASHING LIGHTS: None
3. CONTINUOUS LIGHTS: none noted
4. EXHAUST OR OTHER EMISSIONS: Just the red light on top which appeared to pulse or flicker

We urgently ask that you return this data sheet to us as soon as possible. Thank you for your cooperation."

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

Name: [REDACTED]
Address: TORRANCE, CA
Phone no.: [REDACTED]
Occupation: 57

2. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT:
a. Shape: OVAL
b. Size: 15 FT
c. Color: WHITE - GLOW
d. Number: Formation, if more than one: NONE
e. Discernible features or details: NONE
f. Trail or exhaust and size: NONE
g. Sound: LOW HUMMING
h. Other pertinent or unusual features: NO

3. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What called your attention to the object? JUST HAPPENED TO SEE IT
b. Elevation & heading when first seen: 45 DEGREE ANGLE
c. Elevation & heading upon disappearance: WENT INTO A CLOUD
d. Maneuvers, if any: NONE
e. How did they disappear? (instantaneously, etc.): WENT INTO A CLOUD
f. How long were they visible?: 39 TO 45 SEC

4. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
a. Statement as to optical aids, telescopes, etc.: NONE

- page 11 -

The image contains a document page from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a UFO observation and photograph report from March 11, 1967. The document mentions that the observation occurred in Torrance, California on that date.

The text in the document states:

1. Reference your unidentified observation of March 11, 1967. However, the letter you apparently forwarded us copies of the original negatives.

2. In your correspondence on your March 11 sighting you stated the unidentified object was photographed with a Brownie Hawkeye and Verichrome Panchromatic film. This camera uses size 127 film.

3. Photo Analysis: We have analyzed the following discrepancies regarding your negatives:
- Verichrome Panchromatic film is a black and white film.
- The color transparency received was cut from a larger piece of film. Microscopic examination indicates this transparency had been cut from a larger piece.
- The format size of the two transparencies received do not agree with the standard 127 film size used in the Brownie Hawkeye camera.
- The black and white transparency is probably an enlarged copy.

4. Because of the above discrepancies, we are currently filing this case as "Conflicting Data."

- page 12 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph, only handwritten text. Based on the text, it appears to be part of a document or report related to UFO sightings or investigations.

The text reads:

Sorry, I have been advised by leading friends - David Christs N.I.C.A.P. and Elijah presley - not to send over the negatives. It seems there is no sense in presenting them for publicity as the communications with some of them have been less than pleasant. The negotiations have been carried over - and I will mail them to you again.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text output from the document:

a. 2240 lss--rate group of sighting__ 13.804
b. Light conditions, time, day, dawn or dusk__ DAY
c. Location of observer(s)__ M.S.D. - TORR
d. Weather conditions__ CLOUDY
6. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
a. Photographs (still or Motion pictures)__ STILL
b. Type & make of camera__ KODIAK
c. Type, focal length, and make of lens__ UNIVERSAL FOCUS
d. Brand & type of film__ VERICH CHROME 127
e. Shutter speed used__ 1/60
f. Lens opening used ("F" stop)__ F8
g. Filters used__ NO
h. Was tripod or solid stand used__ NO
i. Was "panning" used__ NO
j. Direction camera was pointing with relation to true North and
with respect to the ground__ NW
k. Should you be willing to let the AF have the pictures and/or
negatives__ YES
7. DUTY CONTROLLER INFORMATION:
a. Controller's name and grade__ THOMAS L HILL
b. Date-time of this report__ 12/01/00

- page 14 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
AF UNIT POST OFFICE, LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90045

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: SSGO/MaJ Drury/31747

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Foreign Technology Division (FTER)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

The enclosed report, pictures and newspaper clipping are forwarded for your information and action.

FOR THE COMMANDER

1. Report (UFO)
2. Pictures
3. Newspaper Clipping

- page 15 -

The image contains a photograph showing an object in the sky over Torrance, California. The caption below the photograph reads "Hockey Puck or Flying Saucer?". The photograph was taken by Rick Girety, who was with four Torrance youngsters when they spotted the object in the sky.

OCR Output:
2 Brothers Photographed
By DON LEHMAN
Daily Breeze Staff Writer
Four Torrance boys went out to play Saturday afternoon and saw something strange in the sky over Torrance. 
The boys - they were convinced - saw a flying saucer - but no one would believe them.
The entire affair seemed "real weird" to them, because they knew they saw something but couldn't convince anyone else. 
"It was another world - something you see on television," one boy said.
But the youngsters may have the last laugh. It turned out they photographed a kind of unidentified flying object in their little back corners.
We know we saw something, and now we have the picture to prove it," Rick Girety, 13, of 6027 Deelane St., said.
Rick photographed the object about 1:30 p.m. near Carl St. and 126th Ave. He was with his brother Dan, 14, and two friends Bob, 15, and Al Howard, 13, both of 6249 Deelane St.
"We went to my house and told my parents, but they just said, 'Don't be silly, it was just a hockey puck,'" Rick said.
"But then we went over to another friend's house. We called everyone in the neighborhood to tell everyone, but no one would listen," Bob said.
"We went to my house and they just laughed at us. But we could see the object," Rick said.
Then the boys came to the Daily Breeze to reveal their exploits. After they received the above print of their picture, they called home again.

- page 16 -

The image contains a newspaper article titled "2 Brothers Photograph" with a photograph below. The photograph shows a group of people in a field, with what appears to be a flying saucer or some kind of aerial object above them.

The text of the document is as follows:

2 Brothers Photograph
MARCH 16, 1967
By DON LESCHMAN

Two Torrance boys who went out to play Saturday afternoon, but ended up in the "Twilight Zone."

The kids were convinced they saw a flying saucer - but no one would believe them.

The entire affair seemed strange to them, because they knew they saw something but couldn't convince anyone else.

"It was another world - real strange - like something you see on television."

But the youngsters may have the last laugh. It turned out they had proof of some kind of unidentified flying object in their little box camera.

"We know we saw something. There is proof to show our parents, Rick Gerety, 15, of 5007 Delane St., said.

Rick photographed the object, and he and his brother Dan, 14, and two friends, Bob, 15, and Al, 15, of 3509 Delane St., spotted the thing over Torrance Saturday afternoon.

The boys had trouble convincing anyone of their discovery.

"Then the boys came in the 'Daily Breeze' to reveal the incidents," said Michael Ruggers, 19, of 2346 Torrance), and he distributed the negatives for the youngsters, but said no one could see the objects.

"We went to my house and then to Bob's parents, but they wouldn't believe us," Rick said.

"But then we went over to another friend's house (Michael Ruggers), and he said, 'I'll be. Look what you got there,' " Rick said.

Hockey Puck or Flying Saucer?
Four Torrance youngsters spotted this object in the sky over Torrance Saturday afternoon. Rick Gerety, 15, of 5007 Delane St., snapped the photo. However, the boys had trouble convincing anyone of their discovery.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically an envelope or cover page.

Transcription of the text:

Torrance, calif 90503
Command
Major General Howard Carrington
ATIC, Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page with handwritten text.

The text produced by the OCR system is:

Major Arthur Greenfield, Jr.
P.O. Box
S.A.F.C.I.
Washington, D.C. 20330

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book report, that contains handwritten text describing the contents of a case file. The text states:

"This case includes: Seven (7) 5x10 b&w photo, two (2) 3x4 b&w negatives, two (2) 1x2 b&w negatives."

- page 20 -

The image appears to be a blurry, low-quality photograph or document scan. There is no clear visual content or discernible objects in the image. The text at the top of the image reads "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and the bottom of the image is marked "UNCLASSIFIED".

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 21 -

The image appears to be a photograph that is part of a Project Blue Book document. The photograph shows a grainy, blurry image that does not clearly depict any identifiable objects or structures. The image is labeled "UNCLASSIFIED" and has the header "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" at the top.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 22 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document, possibly a page from a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"It is extremely doubtful that these are the original negatives. However, if you forward us the original negatives and complete photographic data sheet, we will be glad to examine and comment on them.

The enclosed are the two negatives that you sent us and also a black and white enlargement of each.

JAMES C. MARATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems"

- page 23 -

The image appears to contain a blurry or indistinct black-and-white photograph or document. The text at the top of the image reads "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and the bottom text reads "UNCLASSIFIED". However, there are no clear or distinct details visible in the photograph or document itself.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 24 -

The image appears to contain a blurry, indistinct photograph or image. There is no clear object or entity visible in the image. The majority of the image is obscured and difficult to make out. Based on the context provided, this image seems to be part of a document related to Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION ESC
USAF TECHNICAL INFORMATION DIGEST
MARCH 1967
DISTRIBUTION STATEMENT A: APPROVED FOR PUBLIC RELEASE; DISTRIBUTION UNLIMITED.
1967-03-7460126
TORRANCE, CALIFORNIA

- page 25 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a blurry or indistinct object. The image is from a Project Blue Book document labeled "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and is marked "UNCLASSIFIED".

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 26 -

The image contains a photograph of a blurry, black object or shape in the center of the frame. The photograph appears to be part of a report or document from the Foreign Technology Division of the USAF, with the header "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and the classification "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 27 -

The image appears to contain a grainy, black and white photograph of what looks like an unidentified flying object or UFO. The object appears elongated in shape and is surrounded by a cloud-like formation. There is no additional text or information provided in the image itself.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 28 -

The image appears to contain a single object, which could be some kind of aircraft or unidentified flying object (UFO). The object is a dark, elongated shape against a mostly blank, grainy background. There is no other discernible detail or context in the image.

Text from the document:

TORRANCE, CALIFORNIA 
REPORT NO. 6-3 
DATE OF OBSERVATION: 3-7-1967
LOCATION: TORRANCE, CALIFORNIA 
SIGHTING TIME: 2000 TO 2015 HRS 
OBJECT DESCRIPTION: SILVER-COLORED, CIGAR-SHAPED OBJECT
WITNESSES: 2 
WEATHER: CLEAR SKY 
DURATION OF SIGHTING: 15 MINUTES 
OBJECT MOVEMENT: OBJECT WAS HOVERING, THEN ACCELERATED AND DISAPPEARED 
SOURCE: CALTECH, PASADENA, CALIFORNIA 
INVESTIGATOR: CAPTAIN R. L. HILL, USAF
EVALUATION: UNIDENTIFIED 
PHOTO: NONE

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten note describing the details of a reported UFO sighting. The text in the document states:

"Picture taken on
Saturday, March 11, 1967
of U.F.O.
It is saucer-shaped with glow. 
Spotted by -
Photographed by -
Viewed by - Our CAVC -"

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to a "FTD Work Order" for a sighting that occurred on March 1967 in Torrance, California.

FTD WORK ORDER
1. Description of Work: (Include title of unscheduled tasks.)
Require a theo analysis to be made of the following details of a UFO sighting of March 1967, Torrance, California.
Prepare all material be required upon completion of analysis.

18. Div. Chiefs Instructions/Modification or Expansion of Work Description

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on an unidentified object sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

REPORTING DATA
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT
LOCATION: TORRANCE, CALIFORNIA
DATE: 13 March

AP: - IR: - QUALITY: Two transparencies

1. PURPOSE: This report answers a request (Work Order Number 67-109) by NPIC/PSD/PIC for an analysis of an unidentified object as shown in two photo transparencies. The transparencies were sent in by Robert Scholes.

2. ANALYSIS: The two transparencies examined by NPIC/PSD/PIS were of poor quality and there was not enough detail in the images to permit any analysis. Earlier correspondence with Robert Scholes, which contained the information he wished the National Photographic Interpretation Center to analyze, indicated the camera used was a 127 film camera. The quality of the transparencies received was not sufficient to allow any meaningful interpretation.

3. PHOTO PROCEEDING:
a. The photo proceeding appears to be an examination of the two transparencies. There are no discernible objects in the transparencies.
b. The format, size of the two transparencies, and a technical description of the transparencies are included in this report. The transparencies have apparently been cut from a 127 film roll.

c. The format, size of the transparencies, etc. are given.
d. The black and white transparency received is probably an example of the quality of the original photographs.

- page 32 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 67-65 , DATED 20 August 1957

1. Further photo analysis is not possible because it cannot be positively established that the triangularities are the original negatives and it cannot be determined for the two transparencies received.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY: 
THOMAS J. HEBERT
Intelligeace Research Specialist

APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM L. TURNER
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis

MILLER PRICE, JR. 
Chief, Photo Exploits.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was the United States Air Force's official project for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page is as follows:

Project: Denebola. Sr.
S.A.F. 67
22 Mar to June 20. 2030

Dear Sir:

Project Denebola - Request for assistance in investigating an alleged unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting reported by Airman First Class Denebola on 22 March 1967 near Torrance, California.

A detailed written statement from Airman Denebola describes his observation of a large, luminous, disc-shaped object that hovered in the sky for several minutes before accelerating rapidly and disappearing. Airman Denebola's account suggests the object exhibited characteristics not consistent with known aircraft.

I would appreciate your review of this report and any recommendations you may have for further investigation of this incident. Please advise.

Sincerely,

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SE NO TO PHOTO ANALYSIS

TYPE/UFO (Mil Quintanilla/15 Jul 67/mbs) 14 JULY 1967

UFO SIGHTING AND PHOTOGRAPHS

Mr. James R. Torrance, California 90503

1. In order for our photo experts to undertake a comprehensive analysis they need to review the original negatives. This will require the return of any detailed photographs.

2. If you should ever decide to comply with our request, I want to assure you that your negatives will be returned.

GEORGE S. HOLDSAMBECK, Colonel, USAF
Acting Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 35 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEST/UFOC(M) Quintanilla/70916/mhs 
UFO Sighting and Photograph
Torrance, California 90503

1. Reference your recent unidentified observation and subsequent photograph. The information which we have received in our office indicates the need for a detailed investigation.
Request you complete and return the attached information form so we can initiate the investigation.

2. Air Force photographic experts would appreciate the opportunity to examine the original negative, if you will return this along with the original negative, a detailed investigation will be conducted and your negative will be returned.

3. Please include the following information with your negatives:
a. Type and make of camera.
b. Type of lens, length, and make of lens.
c. Brand and type of film.
d. Shutter speed used, time is "f" stop.
e. Shutter speed used.
f. Filters used.
g. Tripod or solid stand used.
h. Was "panning" used.
i. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to north, and its angle with respect to the horizon.

The supplemental information is understandable, the minimum data required are the type of camera and the smaller lens f/stop used.

DAMES C. MANGAN, Colonel, USAF Director of Technology and Subsystems.

- page 36 -

