The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force. The text on the form includes fields for "Date and Time Group", "Location", "Conclusion", "Number of Objects", "Length of Observation", "Type of Observation", and "Photos". The form indicates that the observation was a "Possible Aircraft", and the "Brief Summary and Analysis" describes the observed object as being the size of an aircraft and making no sound, but unable to determine if it was an aircraft or something else.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5/0235
2. LOCATION: WHEELING, WEST VIRGINIA
10. CONCLUSION: POSSIBLE AIRCRAFT
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer observed what appeared to be an aircraft. Object was silent, appeared to be the size of an aircraft, and was moving at a rapid rate. Observer could not determine what the object was.
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
8. COURSE: 
9. PHOTOS: NO
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. 

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location: (any) Army reconnaissance G-2 aircraft seen over area. 6/6/67. Wheeling, WV.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 23 SEX: MALE
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which: [redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
4/7/67 - County Civil Defense Office. Wheeling, WV.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely a page from a Project Blue Book report.

The grounds d cam hovers woraib o the altitude of the object.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten report or questionnaire from Project Blue Book related to a UFO sighting.

OCR output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:             Day                Month                Year  
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

There was a man-like object that I observed to the west of my home around 7:50 p.m. on May 7th. As indicated in the preceding information, it was a night-time sighting and the object was sharply defined against the sky and could clearly be seen moving from one position to another, diagonally at a slight angle, for approximately 7-10 seconds. The apparent speed (question 7c) is based on my observation of the speed - it seemed much faster than a normal aircraft. Basing their speed at 200 mph the object was going at least twice that speed or faster. That was about all I could observe about this thing. It was clearly out of the ordinary and this object was above the earth just high enough to be lost from view at that distance.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document from the Department of the Air Force, Foreign Technology Division, responding to a UFO observation report from Wheeling, West Virginia on April 1967. The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

TDPT/UFO                                                                   6 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 4 April 1967

TO: Wheeling, West Virginia 26003

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 164 and return it with the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MARATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PID Form 164 w/

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on an unidentified aerial phenomenon (UAP) you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used in connection with any analysis, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, consisting of a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and fill-in-the-blank questions about the observed object, weather conditions, and other details.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle one)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Make any sudden changes in direction?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 7 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a questionnaire or report form, containing various questions about an unidentified flying object sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, it moved in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: b. Color:
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this experiment sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the details that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially about trails or direction. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a questionnaire or form from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's program to investigate UFO sightings.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One): a. If the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In open country side d. Near an airfield e. Flying over a city f. Flying over open country g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No 25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.

- page 9 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows the path of an object or objects, with angles and elevation measurements indicating how high the object was above the horizon when it was observed. The second sketch is a compass rose, which could be used to indicate the direction of the object's movement.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "x" on the curve that shows the highest point reached by the object shown. Place an "o" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90
75
60
45
33
15
0

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

Text OCR output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "x" on the curve that shows the highest point reached by the object shown. Place an "o" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90
75
60
45
33
15
0

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A 

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which contains typed comments made by Dr. J. Allen Hynek on June 9, 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

TYPED COMMENTS MADE BY DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK ON JUNE, 1969

WHEELING, WEST VIRGINIA             4 APRIL 1967
Information too meager for firm evaluation. A one-witness case which I don't like. Trajectory queer. 
Basically only a bright light reported, observed for only a few seconds or so. Evaluation: 
Possible aircraft
Possible unknown.

(Original signed by J. Allen Hynek)

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a section for the witness to provide additional information that they feel is pertinent and not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of their sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:       Day      Month      Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a correspondence from Northwestern University.

The text in the document is as follows:

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
Inter-University
CORRESPONDENCE

TO: Praj. Blahula 
DEPT:

RE: Wheeling, W. Va.
con & 4/April/67

Information from Dr. Earnhart shows that a sighting was reported in the Wheeling area on that date. Reportedly, a round object illuminated was observed.

Ponsible conncction.

7 April 67

- page 14 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The text provided appears to be a typed report or document, likely from the Project Blue Book archive.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 10

Statement, included at Blue Book, to the effect that was not moving except when the witness could travel it is absolutely incorrect, if the witness is to be believed.  It stated that the object appeared suddenly, passed up and smashed away with speed.  With respect to the light, witness stated, "there is nothing to compare with the brilliant".

Finally, witness became frightened because object came closer and yet said there was no sound.  Unless one is willing to call this an absolute hallucination, there was no physical effect present whatever, the object disappeared.

This case is sufficiently interesting for me to interview witnesses, as there were two rather than one as stated.  I will make this personal investigation and report it.

23. 3 April 1967, Roseville, Michigan.
I would agree with the evaluation of possible birds, suppose to be fair we should add, possible unidentified, no followup. The card indicates one object observed flying in V formation. This actually strengthens "possible birds" evaluation.

24. 4 April 1967, Wheeling, W. Virginia.
This is not in my files.

25. 5 April 1967, Westminister, Colorado
Sighting, as witness was never submitted. I suppose, is entirely correct, but the case itself is interesting, in that there were 15 witnesses. Here is one case that should have looked into, since it was right at their back door. Also the object was visible for 15 minutes, and it was observed telescope, even at this late date this might be worth a matter of fact, when I am Boulder this day I will look into the case, but the evaluation "insufficient" certainly holds.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by an individual who reported seeing a UFO.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force the possible complete and detailed information. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give us will be used in connection with any scientific study, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4 April 1967 
2. Time of day: 7 (Circle One): A.M. X
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central X c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 91-delu - City & Town 91, Lo___ State
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes Seconds 
5.1 How was time determined? Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY Bright b. Night Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a questionnaire or form related to sightings of unidentified objects.

Output the text found in the document:

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: __________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
            b. Like a bright star
            c. Sharply outlined
            d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No)  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (No)  Don't know
c. Move at a steady pace and then stop? Yes (No)  Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes (No)  Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes (No)  Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes (No)  Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes (No)  Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No)  Don't know

- page 17 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a series of questions and answers filled out by the witness.

OCR text output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Didn't believe too well.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered Y - it moved behind: -___________________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered Y - in front of: wasn't a cloud, it seemed to have a definite shape.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound_______None_______________
b. Color__GREEN______________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. Judging how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered?
object was the size of a pencil at arm's length. 

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the direction from which you saw such as wings, protruding etc., and especially exhaust trails or direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten drawing]

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing questions and answers about a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 4cc up h

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the thing you saw.

a slight oval without definite edges or lights and simply a lighted something moving across the sky.

- page 19 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains an illustration and instructions related to sketching the observed motion and location of a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the circle to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the circle to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, THEN HOW MANY WERE THERE?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 20 -

