The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the document provides details about an incident that occurred on 14 Feb 67 in Red Hook, New York. The report states that the object observed was a wide rectangular strip, yellowish white in color, with more intense lights at each end. The object was visible for approximately 45 minutes and moved in a south to north direction at an elevation of 45 degrees. The report indicates that the object was identified as the planet Venus.

Here is the full text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 14 FEB 67 15/0130
2. LOCATION: Red Hook, New York
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (VENUS)
Venus was setting at approx. 1940 (1) at time of sighting.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 
Object was a wide rectangular strip, yellowish white in color, with more intense lights at each end. Object was visible for approx. 45 minutes, moving from south to north at an elevation of 45 degrees. Object remained stationary while object and observer moved relative to each other. Center of object had light circulating around it. One red light was pulsating. Object moved out of sight.
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report related to a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

RED HAWK
N.Y.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: wide, rectangular strip - 5 to 15 miles wide.
2. Size compared to a known object: length of object at 1/8 to 1/4 inch. with fingers at arms length, estimate.
3. Color: yellowish - white with more white. One red light 1/3 from left side. One red light center of object. Red lights were pulsating.
4. Number: One
5. Formation, if more than one: None
6. Any discernible features or details: Lights only - No definite, discernible outline.
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
8. Sound, if heard, describe sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. When first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Noticed light while driving and immediately realized that it was not a star.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: Estimated altitude to be 20,000 - 25,000 Feet.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: Object moved due west and disappeared behind the horizon.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an old UFO report.

Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Remained stationary at 15 deer elevation for approximately 45 minutes, then moved with a fast, circular motion and disappeared. Smooth, steady flight path.
How did the object(s) disappear: Moved abruptly downward on horizontal.
How long (were) the object(s) visible: Approximately one (1) hour.
Manner of Observation: Ground/Visual. Optical Aids: Field glasses. N/A.
Time and Date of Sighting: 1. 2315 time-date group of sighting: 01002 15 Feb 67 (Also sighted at other times) 1 & 2 March 67. Light conditions: Clear night, stars shining.
Location of Observer(s): 3 miles north of Red Hook, N.Y. West of Rt. 9.
Identifying Information on Observer(s): 1. Military or Civilian: Civilian. 2. Name: [Redacted]. 3. Age: [Redacted] (Also [Redacted], noted in Remarks) 4. Mailing Address: [Redacted] Chester, N.J.
Remarks: 5. Occupation: International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers / AFL 6. Estimate of Reliability: Appears to be exceptionally reliable witness.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, providing details on weather and wind conditions at the time and place of a reported sighting.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Clear night, stars shining
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office: High thin scattered with 5 miles visibility, temp. = 35, DP = 27, wind from 230 at 5 knots
3. Ceiling: None
4. Visibility: 15 plus
5. Amount of cloud cover: Thin scattered cirrus
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None
7. Vertical temperature gradient: Standard lapse rate
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting. Observed flight path (to mile, motion, etc) indicates confusion with aircraft.

Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Mr. was interviewed by Capt on 14 March 1967. He stated and also a witness to the sighting, submitted by Mr. additional information was obtained. He was certain that the object or vehicle was observed for at least 2 minutes. The object appeared to be stationary for a short period and then proceeded to move out of sight. There was not anything unusual or maneuver detected. Field glasses failed to reveal anything not visible to the naked eye. 

NOTE - Mr. would like to be notified of the outcome of this investigation.

HENRY L PFINGE Capt., USAF
Investigating Officer

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with some text.

4603 ODC
UFO REPORT 
PIO (AFSC)

The attached report is submitted in accordance with paragraph 8, AFR 80-17.

FOR THE COMMANDER 

D. C. BOYD, LT COL, USAF
Chief, Operations & Training Division

15 March 1967

1 Atch 
w/s

- page 6 -

