There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

PROJECT 10979 RECORD
2. LOCATION Shade, Ohio (Toledo)
10. CONCLUSION
Specific (ECHO II)
NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
ECHO II was over the area at the time of the sighting. It had a bright flashing light. Around the edge it had a dul b1 flash+ng white light. Object had a sound like soup bowl. It appeared to be directly over a building and disappeared over the top of a building and out of sight.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page describes a witness report, including questions about the sighting and personal information about the witness. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Mr. Sharpie, David Crank Mr. Sharp, Shirley Crank L--------, in Ashland
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

NAME  
ADDRESS Street  City  State 
TELEPHONE NUMBER   AGE 19  SEX FEMALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I HAVE HAD SOME PECULIAR AND INTERESTING EXPERIENCES INVOLVING STRANGE CLOUDS WITH LIGHTS AND COLORS, WHICH COULD BE CONNECTED WITH THIS SIGHTING. ONE OCCASION WAS ABOUT A YEAR AGO NEAR ASHLAND OHIO AROUND 8:30 PM. THERE WERE LIGHTS AND COLORS IN THE SKY THAT WERE UNUSUAL.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
I WAITED FOR A WHILE TO SEE IF ANYONE ELSE HAD REPORTED ANYTHING BEFORE I DID. I FINALLY CALLED THE ASHLAND COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE ABOUT 3 DAYS LATER.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, displaying a questionnaire form with blank fields for the witness to fill out. The image shows the form, including the date the witness completed the questionnaire and a space for the witness to provide additional information about their sighting that was not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire.

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28 April 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be part of a report or document from Project Blue Book.

Echo II over area, time 8:30 p.m. over 01 W 90 N SHADE, OHIO
43716
May 23, 1967

It seems to describe an observation or event related to a UFO sighting, with details about the location, time, and other information.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a letter dated 26 April 1967 from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation on 17 April 1967 in Shady, Ohio. The letter requests the recipient to complete the attached UFO report form and return it to the Air Force.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDW/UFO 26 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 April 1967

TO: *****, Shady, Ohio 45775

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficiently for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached UFD Form 164 and return it to us.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MARETT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
UFD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Ocr text:
Dear Sirs,

On 5 April 1967 at approx. 8 - 8:30 P.M. central standard time, I observed a very bright object in the sky in the east southeast direction. At first I thought it might be a star, but it was moving rapidly and changing colors from blue-green to red to yellow and back again. It appeared to be at a very high altitude and I watched it for approximately 3-4 minutes before it disappeared from view. I have never seen anything like this before and I am quite sure that what I observed was not an airplane, satellite, or any other known type of aircraft. If you have any additional information on this sighting, I would appreciate hearing from you.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" which seems to be a questionnaire or form for reporting sightings of unidentified flying objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be associated in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 1:55 Hours Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Shade Ohio City or Town
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Began to clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Partly Cloudy NIGHT c. Very Bright d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Stars
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):  
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break into parts or explode?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it went behind some trees and brush and just disappeared gradually.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: A swishing sound like a light breeze.
b. Color: Yellow, orange, and amber.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/3 of the diameter.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as shiny protrusions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Handwritten drawing of an oval-shaped object with markings and an arrow pointing upwards.)

- page 9 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As per the instruction to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document, here is the text output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   500 to 600 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   60 to 70 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One:)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One:)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 About what speed were you moving?   55 to 60 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars           Yes   No
b. Telescope           Yes   No
c. Sunglasses          Yes   No
d. Window glass        Yes   No
e. Camera             Yes   No
f. Telescope          Yes   No
g. Theodolite         Yes   No
h. Other _____________

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which you saw, when glanced up in the sky, would give the characteristics of the object which you saw.
Object was saucer shaped, bright white in color, no lights visible, seemed to be hovering at low altitude, made no sound, was coming towards me and then stopped and hovered for 30 to 40 seconds, then accelerated and went straight up at a high rate of speed and disappeared.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather hand-drawn sketches and diagrams. The first sketch shows a curved line representing the horizon, with instructions on how to indicate the position and movement of an observed object. The second sketch depicts a compass rose, likely to assist in determining the direction of the observed object's movement. There is no text in the image that needs to be extracted.

- page 11 -

