There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE / TIME GROUP: 21 FEB 67 23/0966
2. LOCATION: Saint Mary's, Ohio (1 Witness)
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (BX)
6. COURSE: NE
7. PHOTOS: None
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
9. CONCLUSIONS: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
10. Sent Form 164 to observer and returned "ADDRESS UNKNOWN".
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Duty Officer received a call from the St. Mary's Police Dept. that stated Police reported observing an object which hovered at 3,000 ft. Watched it with binoculars.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official letter from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO                                       15 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 21 Feb 67

TO: Mr. [redacted]
    State Police
    St. Mary's, Ohio 45885

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached FTD Form 165 and return it to us so we can evaluate your observation.

JAMES C. MANAT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
FTD Form 165 w/envelope

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information division related to the identification of unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with our own research, and we request that you do not discuss your observations, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day Month Year

2. Time of day:
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
Hour Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other ____________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration)
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ___ No ___

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph contained in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember 

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Light-like

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off light or glow? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a series of questions and instructions related to describing a sighted object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One):
Yes
No
Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One):
Yes
No
Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details such as the color, number, arrangement, size, or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text and form fields to be filled out. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes - No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes - No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Near a highway?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes - No

25. Did you share the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes - No
b. Sun glasses Yes - No
c. Windshield Yes - No 
d. Window glass Yes - No
e. Binoculars Yes - No
f. Telescope Yes - No
g. Theodolite Yes - No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains an illustration with a compass rose and instructions for the observer to sketch the trajectory of a UFO sighting. However, the image does not contain any photographs.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or survey asking the respondent about their experiences with UFO sightings.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE
SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day, Month, Year

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:  TDST/UFO                            15 March 1967

SUBJECT:  UFO Observation , 21 Feb 67

TO:  Mr. ___ Police  
      St. Marys, Ohio 45885

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which
you gave your report is not sufficient for form 1364 and, therefore, in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES G. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

FTD Form 1364 w/envelope

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, likely part of the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 5:45 MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ST MARYS, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) SECONDS
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Overcast NIGHT: a. Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Don't remember
The text from the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please do not discuss your responses with anyone, as this may influence the scientific analysis of the data. The information that you provide will be held in confidence, and will not be associated with you or your name without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 8 - 1 - 67
2. Time of day: 5:45 MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ST MARYS, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) SECONDS
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Overcast NIGHT: a. Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Bright moonlight, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Moon behind clouds, pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered-scattered clouds, d. Thick - heavy clouds 
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Showers or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Flashing light, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _________________

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Round, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
b. Suddenly appear up and suddenly go away? Yes, No, Don't know 
c. Make a sound? Yes, No, Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a questionnaire or survey form.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes NO Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes NO Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color __ RED, BRIGHT, i GLEAR__
c. Size

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, what measure would have been recorded?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can such as size, proportions, etc.; and especially show fruit or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 12 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph, only a form with text and checkboxes. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. On an airplane (type)
e. Other_______________________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other_______________________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. South    e. Southwest
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?   __________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes      No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
(Circle One)
a. Eyeglasses  YES   NO  f. Binoculars  YES   NO
b. Sun glasses  YES   NO  g. Telescope   YES   NO
c. Windshield  YES   NO  h. Theodolite   YES   NO
d. Window glass  YES   NO  i. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 13 -

The image contains a diagram with instructions, but no photograph. The instructions ask the viewer to imagine a situation and sketch the motion and direction of an observed object. There is also a compass-like illustration provided for reference. The text on the page appears to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show the point at which the object was first seen. If you saw it first from a point above the horizon (outlined), place an "A" there. If you saw it first from a point below the horizon (shaded), place a "B" there. Next, show the path the object took by placing a "C" on the line where you last saw it. 

90°
 
75°

60°

45°

30° 

15°

0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions related to sighting of an unidentified object.

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Morris C. Lute (Lit?)
ADDRESS: Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
AGE: SEX: 

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day Month Year

- page 15 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs, but rather an old report document page. 

Transcribed text from the document:

24. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day Month Year

25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

St. Mary's Railroad, accident occurred on freight train near St. Mary's, Ohio. Was notified, went to location, talked with train crew. Said on train around 11:40 pm hit object on track. Hit hard, knocked out window, heard loud noise, caused train to stop abruptly. Had gone through another object earlier, which didn't do this much damage.

- page 16 -

