The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record form.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. CASE NO. 
2. LOCATION
Queens Village, New York
10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observed a bright orange object in the sky. It appeared to be 500 or 600 ft high. Suddenly it rose higher and started to disappear. As the object passed over the observer noticed that it was triangular and had a simple, while, green light on the bottom.
Comments: The case was not submitted until 22 Jan 1963 at which time it was too late to investigate.
8. PHOTOS
No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a typed document with text.

UTO (UFO) M.J Quintanilla/70915/msa/13 Feb 60
UTO Observation, April 4, 1967
Queens Village, New York 11420
1. This letter replys to your letter of January 22, 1968. We appreciated learning of your unusual experience of April 4, 1967, and will file your letter as an observation purposes. It would be impossible to undertake a detailed investigation. It is important that we filter future reports this observation as possibly this enabling Air Force analysts to perform a comprehensive investigation.
2. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Scientific & Technical Information Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text describing a sighting or observation of some kind.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

and higher and higher the object came to be seen. The line of motion was straight up. The object seemed to be moving at a very high speed, I'm sure, the sighting spread over an interval of no more than 90 seconds. The lights at the bottom of it seemed very highly illuminated, and I would see the shape and exact have many lights it had. The triangular shape thing came more plainly to sight as it moved higher and higher. The lights at the bottom of it were of a twinkling nature, sometimes seemed to be steady however, and I'll describe them as of orangish cast.
My brother and I followed it. This time the color changed from orange to red. Two came to an upper flame. Again the color changed from red to white, and it started moving.
"Now don't tell me I saw a plane. some other explanation is needed, though this is unusual, I know a U.F.O. when I see one.

(P.S. I am sending you a drawing of what I saw again which may help light some points.)

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Project Blue Book
Flight-Patterns A.F. Base

Dear sir:

I know you get hundreds of letters each year concerning U.F.O.'s (Unidentified Flying Objects). But please, please, take this one. 

Here is my story:

It was the night of April 11, 1967. My brother and I were going up to the Alleghany mountains, traveling on a country road and all of a sudden we saw a bright light in the sky. It was first small, then became very bright, we thought it was an airplane light. After coming out of the state we decided that was no airplane light. 

For a long time we watched it, then it disappeared. Again we looked up, flashing around until I saw a bright green object. It seemed strange, it was hovering and shooting small green and red lights to every direction. Then the bright object moved away slowly. 

I wish to my brother and pointed several times the star-like object. But he could not see it. I was certain my eyesight was alright. The object seem bigger and brighter each time we saw it. It seemed to hover in the same area of the sky, then moved away slowly.

Sincerely, the witness (name blocked out)

- page 4 -

