The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 16073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
6 May 67 05/20324 Mountainside, New Jersey (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE 10. CONCLUSION
CIVILIAN Possible (AIRCRAFT)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
One Observer sighted a brownish black object that looked like an 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION airplane without any wings. The object disappeared in the distance.

COMMENT: The witness was requested several times to complete 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION a Form 14. On this fighting but failed to do so. The observer
Ground-Visual would not allow us to take any photos. No other similar reports
7. COURSE were received.
Straight
8. PHOTOS
None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
E3No

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with handwritten notes and descriptions.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

MARY GELLER
MAY 29, 1967
STD FORM 164

1. 6 5 67'
2. ---
3. --EASTERN--- Daylight Saving
4. 271 Bridel Path Mountainside, N.J.
5. May 4 5.1 5.2 YES
6. CLOUDY
7. -to my left
8. quick or heavy clouds 9.1 --Dry
10. Solid
11. 
12. Barely outlined
13. YES. YES. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO.
14. NO. 
15. YES. It was always in front of a cloud.
16. No.
17. --- NON -b-BROWNISH BLACK
18. About 60° N.W.
19. 75-ye
20. YES. About 50 E.S.E.
21. 75' about 3,000 yards.
22. Inside a building
23. Disturb
24. 
25. NO. NO. NO. YES. NO. NO. NO.
26. Plane with out wings

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

GARY WEILER
FAD FORM 164 
MAY 29, 1967

30. The sighting place:Dec.20, 1966. Base location.
31. YES. YES. XXXXX
Mountainside N.J.
32. XXXXXX
Mountainside N.J. 
Boy
33. - 6 7/1/34 - 23 - 5 - 67

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

The text in the document reads as follows:

1. Polaroid Swinger.
2. b. ?
3. Polaroid film(Swinger)
4. ?
5. about 20 ft.
6. non
7. No stand
8. SD
9. H.M.E. b. 1/2

"10 negatives in Polaroid Swinger."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that provides detailed photographic data about the camera used to capture the image. The text on the page lists various technical specifications of the camera, such as the type and make of the camera, the focal length and type of lens, the brand and type of film used, the shutter speed, lens opening, filters used, use of tripod or solid stand, use of panning, and the exact direction the camera was pointing.

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA

1. Type and make of camera
2. Type, focal length, and make of lens 
3. Brand and type of film
4. Shutter speed used
5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop
6. Filters used
7. Was tripod or solid stand used
8. Was "panning" used
9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground.
10. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, focal length and type of lens, and the maximum and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information division, likely related to the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) under Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared to help provide the U.S. Air Force with information concerning the unusual aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please answer all questions to the best of your ability. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you provide this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day  Month  Year

2. Time of day:
Hour Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving c. Central d. Mountain e. Pacific f. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address  City or Town  State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
Hours  Minutes  Seconds
5.1 How was size in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes  No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Clear c. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Clear c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. Behind you d. To your right e. Don't remember

FTD FORM ECT 32 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obselete.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

OCR text output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Concern brightness to some common object: __________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes   No  Don't know
c. Split into parts or explode? Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke or vapor trails? Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes   No   Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes   No   Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes   No   Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes   No   Don't know

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions related to the observation of an unidentified object.

Output text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes   No   Don't know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes   No   Don't know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it was in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or man's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially such things as the color and size. Please an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Output of the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. On an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No 
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No 
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch depicts a horizon with angular measurements and a compass rose. There are instructions to the viewer, asking them to perform various tasks related to the sketch, such as placing markers on the curved lines, showing the height of the object above the horizon, and drawing a picture to show the motion of the object or objects.

Text extracted from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document or form related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS - Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER - AGE - SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text.

Dear Major Quintanilla, Jr.,

I have seen and taken two pictures of a UFO on Saturday, May 6, 1967 at 11:32 p.m. in Mountain side N.J. It was greenish blue and moving fast at about 700 mph. One of the pictures is on a paper. If you need any more information, send away for it.

Mountainside N.J.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

TEST/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/man)
UFO Observation and Photographs, 6 May 67

Mountainside, New Jersey 07092

1. This replies to your recent letter of May 22, 1967 in which you mention your identification observation on May 6, 1967 and subsequent photographs. Your original negatives are needed for analysis. In order to perform a definitive investigation, please you complete your original negatives. Upon completion of analysis, we will return your negatives along with our findings.

2. We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANAK, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

2 Attachs:
1. Photographic Data Sheet
2. FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, it is a typed document from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO observation and photograph on 6 May 1967 in Mountainside, New Jersey. The document is marked "PENDING ORIGINAL NEGATIVE" and contains a text message from JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF, Director of Intelligence and Subsystems, acknowledging the receipt of the PID Form 14 and the photographic data, and requesting that the original photograph be forwarded to their office for analysis.

PENDING ORIGINAL NEGATIVE
TDBT/UFOQ (1st Lt Marley/70916/mhs/30Jun67) 3 July 1967
UFO Observation and Photograph, 6 May 1967
Mr. [REDACTED]
Mountainside, New Jersey 07092
Thank you for completing the PID Form 14 and the photographic data which our photo interpreters may make an evaluation on your sighting they must review your original photograph. Therefore, request you forward your polaroid picture in the attached envelope to our office. We will return your photograph upon completion of analysis.
JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence and Subsystems
1 Atch
Self-addressed envelope

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a letter from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC) 
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDQT, UFOP

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 6 May 1967

TO:
Mountainside, N.J. 07092

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as a witness to an unidentified flying object. Please complete the attached PID Form 164 and return it in the self-addressed envelope. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter. 

CHARLES C. MARANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official document, likely a Project Blue Book report, regarding a UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 6 May 1967

TO: Mountainside, New Jersey 07092

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to the UFO sighting on 6 May 1967, please complete the enclosed AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this incident, please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Techniques Division
Directorate of Aerospace Intelligence

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to "Major Quintanilla".

Dear Major Quintanilla,
I hope you don't mind about taking 30¢ out of a stamp to you?
Please send me what you found on what I saw and took a picture of.
I know how busy you are but I like to know about what I saw because I like to know. Tell good-by for now.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or letter.

Dear Maj. Quintanilla,

I will give you the negatives of the pictures I took, with the pictures I will give you the negatives and the 16mm film. 
I send the negatives you may store my more information where the UFO please call this number: ************** If you call me, call me at this time: 3:30 or 5:00 p.m. or 7:24 p.m.
In the PID form 164 it says: Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. You have my permission. The information will be there soon.

P.S. Thank you for the letter and the things with it. I hope you can find out about the UFO.

Sincerely,
***************

- page 18 -

The image appears to contain a blurry, grayscale photograph or image, which is described as a "Flying Saucer or UFO copy of the picture".

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

News

Flying Saucer or UFO copy of the picture

- page 19 -

