The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a form used to document UFO sightings. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3-2-67
2. LOCATION: Princeton, Somerville, New Jersey
3. OBJECT: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 hr, 15 min
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Witness visual
7. COURSE: Erratic
8. PHOTOS: 0 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The witness reported that he observed the first light he thought was an aircraft, since he was watching the airplanes flying over the Princeton Airport. However, as time passed, the light appeared to stop, hover, and then take off in an erratic manner, disappearing from view. The object was viewed by another observer, and the witness estimated that it was about the size of a small airplane. The object emitted a bright light beam, and a small, non-blinking light was visible. The object's behavior was considered unusual for an aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or report from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting in the area between Princeton and Somerville, New Jersey.

Major Hector Quintanilla, U S A F Project Blue Book Wright-Patterson Air Base Dayton, Ohio
Dear Sir: I am submitting "Project Blue Book" to inform you of an aerial observation in the area between Princeton and Somerville, New Jersey for the past 8 days. One--and on occasion two--brightly lit objects have been observed and recorded at various times over this area. When I first sighted them on March First, I mistook the object as a planet--either Saturn or Jupiter, however the light showed quickly up and down, and from side to side. I am employed at a radio station in Princeton, and I found on the morning that the same object was observed by our transmitter operator over 10 miles from my location (8 miles north of Princeton.) The object was seen for 8 or 12 miles northeast of Princeton.) The object was seen through very good pair of German prismatic binoculars, and informed me that he made out a definite disc shape, and a bright light was attributed to a powerful beacon device on the craft's underside.
The object was seen on Saturday night--March 4th--and was very low--maybe in hundreds feet. We are on a number of and all aircraft was operating above the weather. Of course, visible at all times and until 12:30 AM, when the "light" as a distance of maybe to 10 miles--and operated the same as before. It was as high as a given to look for it again. The nights quite hazily and the object was no longer visible.
On Sunday night, the area was soaked in heavy fog, and the object was visible to me on Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday night (as this is being written, in fact.)
The most interesting event occurred at approximately 6:14 Wednesday night. I stepped out into my backyard and saw the directly over head, at an altitude perhaps 30 to 60 feet, on a powerful light that illuminates my backyard. Almost simultaneously, the object disappeared, with its light. I was completely baffled and amazed, and my wife and daughter who were with me at the time were equally impressed.
I would appreciate your comments on this observation, and any information you can give me on whether or not this particular object has been reported in other areas. Your early reply will be appreciated.
Sincerely yours,
(Signature)

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned page of text, which I will now transcribe:

the object's bright beam winched off---leaving only a light slowly dying out. The powerful bluish-white light did not re-appear.

A short time later, I arrived at Princeton University, and the very powerful orange light appeared in the sky over the area where the object had been dipped, as witnessed by the chief engineer--whom I pointed to out wednesday night. I saw the orange light at relatively a low altitude.

Incidentally, our night time transmitter engineer an each of these occasions, but from a venturex point of view.

Being a professional newsman, I looked for a possible I had called a P I O at McGuire A F B to ask if VTOL's might be operating in the area. They said ab experimental craft do not normally use the facilities where I was supposed that I write to blue book, but a good idea. Incidentally, I am in terested in aviation with most types of aircraft flying. I am quite convincing time was i observing a conventional aircraft, a satellite plane, or meteor.

Another employee of the radio station says he saw the very low altitude last wednesday night over the city toward the rescue squad. The altitude was estimated at no more than am also say that two F-104's from McGuire suddenly appear pursuit. 

That is about all I can relate about the incident. I have carefully studied each local police department air found they have received no reports from area residents as to why. The object does not make any rapid to excrescencies appear to be trying to make itself an inconsiderable against business with dimming the lights when I turned on mine.

As for myself, I am 57 years old and have a college I have informed my local police department of happenings, but apparently they have not yet seen the object.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a report from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document reads:

Frankly, I don't see how they could miss it.(Then again, it was seen it since I reported it Sunday night.) Actually, my sighting was at no time able to make out the shape that was with the lights. I had the object at very much closer from a distance. I took no telescope or pair of binoculars identically, there were good sightings in this last fall, although I did not see any of them myself. They were seen to the north of my location. I hope this will be of some value to your work. Being a not
scientist, I do not think some additional study of unexplained phenomena.

Sincer

- page 4 -

