There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing textual information.

PROJECT : 10-78 RECORD
LOCATION : QUEENS, NEW YORK (NEAR LA GUARDIA)
CONCLUSION : Possible (AIRCRAFT/ADVERTISING SIGN)
NATURE OF OBJECTS : -
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION : -
TYPE OF OBSERVATION : VISUAL
PHOTOS : All of the witnesses listed by the observer were from 17's but none returned these forms. The occurance appears to be for a small white light which moved slowly and apparently affected the small neighborhood area. We received no other reports from the civilian population and this description is outlined in Project reports. The description is similar to that of an advertising sign. These signs are attached to aircraft and may also have caused the interference with the observer's television.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 30 to 35 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1500 to 2000 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

c. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Sure looking due with 12:55 (starting up ready)

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, but rather a diagram with sketches and instructions. The diagram shows a compass rose and instructions for determining the position and motion of an observed object in the sky, using angles and compass directions.

Project Blue Book was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969. This page appears to be part of a questionnaire or form used to collect information from eyewitnesses about their UFO sightings.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph or image present on this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

OCR text output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or data and location.
Date 7-22-57
17th ft Circle Ac Bldg 72 rf
North Bay Ont
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: 
REDACTED
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME REDACTED
ADDRESS Bagdad Crescent 1134 N.Y.S. 
TELEPHONE NUMBER REDACTED AGE 27 SEX Male
I have seen many UFO sightings since a child and have spent many hours watching them moving across the skies - a stationary, not a fast moving point of light. I am interested in the subject and would like to be a part of the space program if I can be.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
SUNDAY - 6-7 
Day Month Year
Federal Building
Washington 25 D.C.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report.

Page 7
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Sunday 6 day 10 month 67 year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

When the object(ufo) was circling the general area, the frequency began to increase and it began to oscillate up & down a little, the motion wasn't any noticeable. There wasn't any noise coming from the object.
Scanning pattern - was at 275° a spotlight was shining circled 8 from right and 80° 55' center area was very small.
By a mid light on and off).

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter dated October 5, 1967 from the Civil Branch, Community Relations Division, Office of Information to a Mr. [redacted] in Bayside, Queens, New York 11364.

The text reads:

October 5, 1967

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your letter of October 1, without complete information, we cannot make an accurate analysis of your sighting.

If you will, therefore, complete the attached questionnaire and send it in the return free envelope we are inclosing to the address given on this envelope, it is quite possible that you will be able to find out what you saw.

Sincerely,

Civil Branch
Community Relations Div.
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Bayside, Queens, New York 11364

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly a report or log of some kind.

Title: Report of sighting of unidentified flying object
Date: 10-1-67
Description of UFO: 
- Red light
- Object was "pulsating" a/c "red light"
- Object made a 360 degree arc
- Piece of sighting: 6:57 p.m. to 6:59 p.m. 
- Size of object: 2'x5'
- Path of object

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely a UFO report.

Please allow me to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and transcribe the text from the document:

"I allow stand watched while in service and I could tell aircraft from Redington and others without aircraft. The U.F.O. sighting was inside at the backyard and nothing else was seen except.

I will be willing to answer any questions which pertain.

Please let me know when would be of any assistance."

The document appears to be signed at the bottom, though the signature is not entirely legible.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

TDPT (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla//70216/ma/26 Apr 63
UFO Observation, October 1, 1967

Mr. [Redacted]
Bayside, Queens, New York 11364

Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation of October 1, 1967. We have attempted to contact witnesses to your sighting without success. If you could supply us with the complete names and exact addresses of the witnesses as possible, it would be helpful in our investigation. Your assistance in this matter is appreciated.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document related to a UFO observation report.

Transcription of text in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)                          29 APR 1963

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, October 1, 1967

TO: Bayside, Queens, New York 11364

Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation of October 1, 1967. We have attempted to contract witnesses to your sighting without success. If you could supply us with the complete names and exact addresses of the many of the witnesses as possible, it would be helpful in our investigation. Your assistance in this matter is appreciated.

VICTOR J. HATHAWAY, Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

NAME
Redacted
AND OTHERS PRESENT AT THE TIME OF SEEING OBJECT

I see some of the markings in the above reference appear to have been covered or blocked for privacy or security reasons. The rest of the text appears to be a letter from the Air Force's Aerial Phenomena Office regarding a UFO observation report.

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPT (UFO) Lt Col H Quintanilla/7697c/mao/25 Apr 58 
UFO Observation, 1 October 1957

Queens Police Department 
Queens, New York 11-29

1. The Aerial Phenomena Office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Elmhurst, Queens, New York which occurred at approximately 21:10 hrs on 1 October 1957.

2. The observer sighted what he described as a flying disc with lights on it and observed it for approximately 45 minutes.

3. Did you receive any reports of unusual objects for this date? If so, I should appreciate your comments as to a possible cause for this sighting. 

4. Thank you for your assistance on this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Police Department of the City of New York, dated May 21, 1968.

POLICE DEPARTMENT
CITY OF NEW YORK
NEW YORK 13, N.Y.

May 21, 1968

Department of The Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division, (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Attn of: (TPRPT), Lt. Colonel, Hector Quintanilla, USAF
Subject: UFO OBSERVATION, 1 OCTOBER 1967 AT 9:00 P.M., IN THE VICINITY OF BAYSIDE, QUEENS.

1. Records of this Command, Re: Your request of October 1, 1967 are as follows:

a. The Bayside area of Queens is in the confines of the 111 precinct. Records of this command disclose no report of any UFO sightings at 9:00 p.m. on October 1, 1967.

b. A further check of adjacent precincts in the area were made and also disclose no UFO sightings in the area.

Thomas McGrink,
Lieutenant,
Communications
Section Queens.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70/916/sms/25 Oct 67) OCT 25 1967
Observations, October 3, 1967
224-29B 224-29A 224-39B 67th Avenue
Bayside, Queens, New York 11364

1. The Aerial Phenomena Branch is conducting an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting which occurred in October 3, 1967. The witness saw the object pass between 2:45 PM, EDT, and reported that residents at the above address also observed the object.

2. If residents of your apartment did see this object, please complete the enclosed AF Form 16-1, if they did not observe anything, request you state so on the inclosed form.

3. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

James C. MCKATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
AFD Form 16 w/envelope

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or questionnaire, with various questions and checkboxes related to a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Sunday-1 - 10 Day / Month / Year 1967

2. Time of day: 
Hour - 07 Minute - 47
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Daylight Saving, e. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Queens, N.Y.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours - 0 Minute - 45 Seconds - 30

(Circle One): a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Yes

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright, b. Cloudy, c. Bright, d. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your left, d. To your right, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a form or questionnaire related to observations of an unidentified flying object (UFO) or other aerial phenomena.

Text extracted from the document:

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch of the observed object or objects. The sketch depicts an oval-shaped object with some distinctive features labeled.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
By fading away until I could no longer see it. There was no abrupt disappearance.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (NO) Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (NO) Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound The sound seemed to be a humming or buzzing noise
b. Color Grayish white in color, metallic looking
c. Size or apparent size Smaller than a plane or helicopter but not small

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
One quarter of the diameter of the object was covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The provided sketch depicts an oval-shaped object with a slight indentation on one side, as well as a directional arrow indicating the object's direction of movement.

Text transcribed from the image:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
By fading away until I could no longer see it. There was no abrupt disappearance.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (NO) Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (NO) Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:  

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound The sound seemed to be a humming or buzzing noise
b. Color Grayish white in color, metallic looking 
c. Size or apparent size Smaller than a plane or helicopter but not small

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
One quarter of the diameter of the object was covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 16 -

