The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 Jan 67 21/0052Z
2. LOCATION
Spencer, Indiana
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
Downward
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None
9. CONCLUSION
Insufficient Data for evaluation.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer reported a red and yellow flickering object that was observed for about 5 minutes. It did not disappear but was lost to the observer due to haze. The observer reported various sightings to the local authority but no action has been taken.

- page 1 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs, only a form with text. I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object that you have all record. Please answer the questions as completely as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will be held in confidence and will not be used in connection with any publication, or publicity without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3-30-67
2. Time of day: 7:00 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Rural Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was the object in sight? (Tens Seconds) a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess Minutes 2-5 Seconds
5.1 How was the object in sight determined? Yes 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Hazy c. Cloudy NIGHT
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

B. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT OF NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON? (Circle One)
a. STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
a.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered - clouds, d. Thick - heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Stationary, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Rapid, e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: [blank]

12. THE SHAPE OF THE OBJECT WAS: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know 
b. Suddenly speed up and take off at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash on and off? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions for the witness to answer.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (Circle one) If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (Circle one) If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - White, bright, disc-shaped

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and say how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (Circle one) If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (Circle one) If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - White, bright, disc-shaped

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and say how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, featuring a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
    (Circle One) Yes No
    IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
    (Circle One) Yes No 
    IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    (Circle One)
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. At sea
    f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city? 
    c. In open countryside?
    d. Near an airfield?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North
        b. Northeast
        c. East
        d. Southeast
        e. South
        f. Southwest
        g. West
        h. Northwest
    24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour
    24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
        Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses Yes No
    b. Sun glasses Yes No
    c. Windshield Yes No
    d. Window glass Yes No
    e. Binoculars Yes No
    f. Telescope Yes No
    g. Theodolite Yes No
    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is a diagram in the image showing a compass and sketch of a landscape. The text below the diagram instructs the reader to draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects sighted, and indicate any changes in direction during the course.

Project Blue Book
1967-01-8540836-Spencer-Indiana.pdf6.txt

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "x" on the curved line to show how high the object (or objects) appeared above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path a "Y" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a UFO report form.

Transcribing the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
A 6/6/64 - near Spencer Indiana

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
John J. Jones, Terra Haute, Indiana

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME (redacted) 
ADDRESS (redacted)
TELEPHONE NUMBER (redacted) AGE 22 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day 6/6/64  Month 6  Year 1964

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a handwritten response to a questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:      Day - - -      Month - - -      Year - - -

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Handwritten response:]
Saw oval shaped object with a bright light in center, hovering and circling. Object was 50-60 feet in diameter, disappeared into the clouds.

- page 8 -

