There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically record 10073, containing information about an observed unidentified flying object.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 1/14/62
2. LOCATION: Byrdstown, Tennessee
10. CONCLUSION: Other (Unid)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Witness stated that the object appeared to be a solid. Object's size was fuzzy and blurred. Color: black

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division, dated 28 April 1967.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFRC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: FTD/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation - 14 April 1967

TO: Mr. [Redacted]
Russellton, Ohio 44911

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient to permit specific evaluation. We suggest you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 2 -

The image contains two dark blotches or shapes, but does not appear to depict any clear photographic evidence of a UFO or other object. Since the image does not contain any human faces, I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document.

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

1. Name of Observer: Unidentified - Byrdstown, Tennessee 
2. Date/Time of Sighting: April 7, 1967, approximately 8:15 p.m.
3. Location of Observation: Byrdstown, Tennessee
4. Description of Object(s): Two bright glowing objects, changing colors, moving rapidly. Objects disappeared after approximately 30 seconds.
5. Weather Conditions: Clear night, no cloud cover
6. Reliability of Observer: Unidentified
7. Investigation: No physical evidence found. No other witnesses located. 
8. Conclusions: Insufficient information to determine the nature of the observed objects. Case is Unresolved.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force any information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? April 4, 1969
2. Time of day: 6:59 HOURS MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Byrdstown, Tennessee
5. How long was object in sight? (Tell Duration) 2 HOURS MINUTES Seconds 52
5.1 How was the sight determined? Not determined
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Hazy b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

This form supersedes AF1 164

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy 
c. Overcast
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Hazy
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the surrounding stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Is there anything else to point out about the object?
_________________________________________________________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clearly defined
c. Don't remember

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clearly defined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle Yes or No for each question)
a. Appear to be solid, metallic, or like a vehicle?    Yes     No     Don't know
b. Remain stationary and motionless at any time?      Yes     No     Don't know
c. Move slowly?                                                   Yes     No     Don't know
d. Give off sparks?                                               Yes     No     Don't know
e. Change brightness?                                          Yes     No     Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?                                                Yes     No     Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?                                   Yes     No     Don't know

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, which contains questions and responses regarding a reported UFO sighting.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It didn't disappear out of sight, just gradually fainted in brightness.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one):  Yes  (No)  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one):  Yes  (No)  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Silent 
b. Color - Bright - changing to reddish

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
I could not estimate the exact angle, but the object was about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not draw the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, which contains a questionnaire or survey with various questions about the reported UFO sighting.

20: Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1000 MPH

21: Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1500 FT

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At an observance center
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No
e. Binocular   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with instructions and diagrams for reporting UFO sightings.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire for an eyewitness report.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: REDACTED

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME REDACTED
ADDRESS REDACTED
TELEPHONE NUMBER REDACTED
AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
REDACTED

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? REDACTED

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a questionnaire or form that has been filled out. The text in the image states:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: - Day - Month - Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The respondent has provided a handwritten response to question 35, which appears to be a narrative explanation of their UFO sighting, but the text is not legible enough for me to transcribe accurately.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be of great assistance in connection with any subsequent investigation or analysis that may be conducted.

1. When did you see the object? 14 Day 11 Month 1967 Year

2. Time of day: 6 Hours 15 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Sparta, Tennessee, Camp Byrne Town, State or County Tennessee

5. How long was the object in sight? (Test Duration) Hours 0 Minutes 45 Seconds

5.1 How was it determined in sight? Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Day b. Night, a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FID OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or survey form related to observations of unidentified objects in the night sky.

The text found in the document is as follows:

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright and steady
b. Twinkling
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. If it seemed on a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Curves or changes in brightness to some common object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Blink on and off or pulsate? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Hover or flirt? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Blink on and off or pulsate? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Hover or flirt? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
OVER NEAR THE HILL TO THE LEFT

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: JUST WENT BEHIND HILL

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape SOMETHING LIKE MISSILE 
b. Color BRIGHT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
2/3 OR HALF THE SIZE OF A MATCH HEAD

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow outside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. 

Text from the document:

Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1000 /4tt

Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1000 1445

Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor 
d. In an airplane (type) 
e. On open country
f. Other DAMES

If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North South East West Northeast Southwest Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) 
c. Windows Yes (No)
d. Binoculars Yes (No) 
e. Telescope Yes (No)
f. Theodolite Yes (No)
g. Other

In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
2 ducks an a stich seem to b way up

- page 14 -

The image contains a sketch and a compass rose, but no photograph. The text in the image is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "P" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "G" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "D" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

7 in group some darting in and out of group

29. IF there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

THEY CHANGED FORMATION AS THEY WENT

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing questions and handwritten responses.

30: Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 32 SEX: 27
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent: I WAS IN THE MILITARY AND HAVE SEEN MISSILES AND KNEW WHAT THEY WERE BUT THERE WERE SOME THINGS DIFFERENT WITH THESE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? February 3, 1967 - OFFICIAL USN PERSONNEL

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text transcribed from the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4-19-67

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

THESE OBJECTS WERE IN SMALL GROUP
THEY DARTED IN AND OUT OF CLOUDS
CONSTANTLY
THEY WERE BLACK NO WINGS OR TAIL
THEY DID VERY SOFT HUMMING SOUND

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOR FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO 26 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 14 April 1967

TO: Mr. xxxxxxxxx, Hamilton, Ohio 45011

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFD form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MARATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
FOID Form 164 w/envelope

- page 18 -

