The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form from Project 10073 Record related to a UFO sighting that occurred in Tupper Lake, New York on July 10, 1967.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 10 Jul 67
2. SOURCE: 2:30/0220Z
3. OBSERVATION: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: -
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Probable AIRCRAFT
No data presented to indicate object could not have been an aircraft. Observers stated all that was observed was white blinking light that was objected to like an aircraft light. Object was described like an aircraft light, moving and a typical aircraft flight.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, and they saw the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

HERMAN MEIER

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: HERMAN MEIER
ADDRESS: LOUDONVILLE, N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: XXX-XXXX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

MO

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?

JULY 5 67
Day    Month    Year

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page consists of a questionnaire-style form with some handwritten text fields, but no visual image or photograph is present.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 21 July 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which is a declassified US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page provides details about a UFO observation that occurred on July 10, 1967.

The text reads:

UFO OBSERVATION, 10 JULY 1967

Hq 8th Air Force
AFRTS Flight Plans And Scheduling
(Westover AFB, Mass 01022)

Our office is in receipt of a reported unidentified flying object (UFO) observation over Tupper Lake, New York. A review of High Speed Training Route Charts indicates that MAJCOM flight plans over the 8th Air Force area on 10 Jul 67 were not in question. However, the agencies, if available, on the watertown Oil Turner (on-site) coordinator's list could have been operating in the vicinity of Tupper Lake, NY on 10 Jul 1967. The sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a former U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH AIR FORCE (SAC)
WESTOVER AIR FORCE BASE, MASSACHUSETTS 01022

AFPP-OP            DOTS (Maj) Kittredge/2316)
SUBJECT:           UFO Observation 10 July 1967

TO:                FTD (DETE/UFO)

1. Eight Air Force records indicate that the 72nd Bomb Wing
(Ramey AFB) was utilizing the Watertown Oilburn (OB-4) corridor with a primary entry time of 11/0002 and release times of 11/0302. This was the only scheduled low level activity during the 4-11/0200 period.

2. For your further information, Watertown RBS had scheduled 
high level activity from 11/0152 to 11/0302.

FOR THE COMMANDER

EDWIN L. KITTREDGE, Major, USAF
Director of Operations and Training

Peace.....is our Profession

- page 5 -

The image contains a handwritten letter addressed to "Dear Sirs". The letter appears to be describing a UFO sighting, with the writer stating that "it was about 10 o'clock" when they saw something unusual in the sky. The writer goes on to provide some details about the object they observed.

Here is the text of the handwritten letter:

Dear Sirs,
I saw this at 10 o'clock when we came home from a party. It was above the trees and stayed for a short while and then went behind the clouds. It made no noise and looked almost solid. It was about 35 to 40 feet in diameter and had little lights around the outside and a little light inside. The whole thing moved as one unit and did not come apart or separate in any way. This is about all I can tell you. I hope this helps in some way.
Yours truly,
[Redacted]

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain handwritten text, but no photograph. Acting as an OCR system, I will transcribe the text from the document:

Shorter the, it may. As our friend says, we tell them, A couple of flying mile in an instantane was order. That's though, they were certainly the 20 minutes. Our Brace a d, wane. was report to them, 3:30, dont

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. This appears to be a document page from the Project Blue Book report system.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDC1/UPO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

TO: Tupper Lake, New York

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FID Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 8 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information form that asks various questions about an unidentified object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with this personal information unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 26 MAY 1967
2. Time of day: 10 : 35 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): C. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? TUPPER LAKE, N.Y.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 MINUTES Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT
a. Clear
b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you c. To your left
b. To your right d. Don't remember

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting, likely part of the Project Blue Book investigation.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Thin clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Raining or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Translucent
d. As a light

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clearly outlined
c. Shimmery or pulsating
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Move slowly and steadily? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Other effect? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 10 -

The image contains a handwritten sketch depicting some unidentified objects or phenomena. The sketch shows a few shapes or forms with lines trailing behind them, suggesting movement. There are also some stars or shapes that may represent the sky or background.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The answer provided indicates the object did not disappear completely, but was "almost" out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? The answer indicates the object did move behind something, which is described as "cloads" (likely referring to clouds).

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? The answer indicates the object did move in front of something, with the respondent circling "YES".

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - the response is blank, indicating no sound was observed. b. Color - the response is "whitish yellowish lights".

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time, please state the result. The response indicates the object was approximately 1/8 the size of the match stick held at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you now such as wings, projections, etc.; and specifically outline trails or vapor trails. An arrow is included to indicate the direction the object was moving.

Moving on to the OCR portion:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
the object did not disappear completely, but was almost out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes, it moved behind cloads.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
yes

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
b. Color whitish yellowish lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time, please state the result.
1/8 of the match stick

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you now such as wings, projections, etc.; and specifically outline trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? LESS THAN A QUARTER MILE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over or in a city?
f. Near the border of the country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. CAST OF A FOOTBALL

The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? LESS THAN A QUARTER MILE 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over or in a city?
f. Near the border of the country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes 
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. CAST OF A FOOTBALL

- page 12 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch appears to be a guide for describing the motion and position of a UFO or unidentified object in the sky.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "AA" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place an "AB" on the compass to show where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

