The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25/2366Z
2. LOCATION: HADLEY, MASS.
3. WITNESS: (1 witness)
4. SUBJECT: Possible (AINO ATP)
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
8. COURSE: South east - South west
9. PHOTOS: N. No
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AINO ATP)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object had blinking red and blue lights. When red light went out, blue light remained steady. Observer is a youth of 12 years old and stated he observed UFO's before.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page of handwritten text from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Project Blue Book Foreign Technology Div
Wright Field
Dayton Ohio

Dear sir,

but what I am only guessing at and what I can't be sure of as an identifying flying object. My father and I were over near Hadley about fifteen minutes and watched home. It was getting dark and we went to Belchertown to get some ice cream and when we came back still no sign of it. We came home and went to bed. The next night about 8:30 the same object appeared and we watched it for about fifteen minutes and then it suddenly disappeared (which was to far away and hidden by trees) and soon the light reappeared but it wasn't the same object. But I do know we were moving at a fast rate of speed. When I saw it I am quite sure it was not a plane, jet, helicopter or anything I have ever seen before. I had not seen one for half a minute.
I looked away to the right and when I looked back it was gone.
going at a terrific speed was quite quikly and returning in the same direction. So far away from where it disappeared that I looked around could not see it again. When the light climbed off the color was blue in the same plane. A notice went out that I saw and to go behind it that the news got out and a bottle view found that it was just gone.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a handwritten letter or report from Project Blue Book.

As per the instructions, I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

When I got back to my office, I wrote down what I saw right away, because it was amazing. It was just a light. When it got behind the tree, it disappeared for a while, then came back, then disappeared again. It must have been some kind of object, because I could see it moving more than once. I don't know exactly what I saw, but I would be grateful if you were back to take a look.

Thank you for your kind consideration of this letter.

Your close friend

P.S. Please excuse the place where the pen slipped and there was not a good enough place to cover it up with an erased stain. I was in a bit of a hurry to write it all down while it was fresh in my mind.

- page 3 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO report, specifically page 4 from the document with the file name "1967-04-7456214-Hadley-Mass.pdf4.txt".

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please be sure to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement.
1. When did you see the object? Tuesday, April 12, 1966 Year
2. Time of day: 6:15 A.M. Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zones (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 14 Hadley City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Time, Duration) 3 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTD GD-62-664 This form supersedes FTD 144, 1st ed., which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

The image contains no photograph, only a document with questions and answer options about an observed unidentified object. I will now act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

B. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. No change
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. (No moonlight) - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):	WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear 	a. Dry
b. Hazy 	b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds 	c. Overcast or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds 	d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid 	d. As a light
b. Transparent 	e. Don't remember
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ___________ like a Christmas light

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred 	c. Other
b. Like a bright star 	d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 	Yes (No) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? 	Yes (No) Don't know
c. Break up into two or more parts as it traveled? 	Yes (No) Don't know
d. Give off smoke?	Yes (No) Don't know
e. Change in brightness? 	Yes (No) Don't know
f. Change shape?	Yes (No) Don't know
g. Flash on and off? 	Yes (No) Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? 	Yes (No) Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the witnessed UFO event.

text:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES
It just seemed to fade away and disappear.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It seemed to be behind something like a cloud or haze.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound just a slight hum 
b. Color: red light when it first appeared, it blacked out light.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
at first it looked red light when it blinked off it was white light

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

26. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 70 miles

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (Type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over, in a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

red glinting ball

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram with sketches and instructions. The diagram appears to be part of a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting, likely from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects.

Transcription of the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are of the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

First ----- see
Second ----- see

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Ongin sec

(Signature)

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

30: Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
yes a deftinite unidentitfications were around the house mostly over neighbor neighbors

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes (NO)
31.1 If yes, answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their name and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street North Hadley Massachusetts
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 42 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Tuesday April 1967 Air Force Investigator

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a project blue book report, with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Saturday, May, 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I would be very grateful if you could possibly send me some photos of some U.F.O.'s
I saw a light at night more than once but it was three things and I believe that they were really U.F.O.'s and if you get any other things I would probably smile again and tell you of the other strange things I saw.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, it is a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation on April 25, 1967.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDZ/UTF0

SUBJECT: UFO Observation: 25 Apr 67

TO: Mr. Robert Hadley, Massachusetts 01065

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. So that we may complete the analysis, we will be grateful if you will provide the envelope that was used to report your observation to the Air Force. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 11 -

