The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: Feb 27 2-1002
2. LOCATION: Oakdale, Connecticut
3. WITNESS: 1
10. CONCLUSION: ASTRONAUT(S)? Noted
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer has been seeing a strange light in the sky almost every morning for the past three months. The light travels slowly and steadily across the sky and is white in color. The observer is unable to determine the exact astronomical bodies responsible for the sightings.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

of the house and then back to the middle or the block. 
It turned red - then white - then red it flashed to
the right and upwards and down and my sight.
February 18th, at 6:10 p.m. I saw this light go same 
way - over the house on the 18th. 
March 6th at 8:00 p.m. - It was much brighter and
brighter and went back to the same point as before
2 - then turned red and white and went down.
I am very interested in these and if you request it I
I shall continue to send reports.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Director of Intelligence
Attention: Mr. Hector Quintanilla
OHIO

Dear Sir:

I have been aware for a period of three months or more of what I believe to be an unusual light in the sky at 6300 o'clock. I saw it again last night.

It's usual pattern was as it became first it went up, then it seemed to blend with the sky, and it was as far up as it seemed to be blending with the sky.

One night I wanted to see where and what direction it took, if I could see where and what direction it took, and I watched every night but could not see where and what direction it took.

Thursday at February 22nd at 5:00 p.m. I looked out the window and I went into the same place I had been before. I went back to the window, I left it on and went on the other side looking, and I could see it. It started moving, and it seemed to move slowly at first and then it went faster, and then it went slower, and then it would go faster again. It frightened me. I watched it every night after this and it seemed to do the same thing.

On the 12th of February at 5:00 a.m. I again saw this same light, and this time it seemed to go up a tiny bit and straight even with the blending of the sky.

Thursday evening February 16th at 6:45 Little I was sitting glued to the window and watched it again. It seemed to move a little faster than the other times I had watched it, and then it would seem to move a little slower.

- page 3 -

