There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 10 Oct 67 1 10/23002
2. LOCATION: Between Davenport and Demoine, Iowa
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 hours 30 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: None
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
9. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer stated that the object appeared as a light which expanded to be solid. Object appeared brighter and larger at times. No sound reported. Color: white.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Stars very bright 
b. Stars slightly dim
c. Bright moonlight
d. Dull moonlight
e. No moonlight - pitch dark
f. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Few clouds
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Appeared bright, color like "morning star"

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other: Definitely outlined, but not bright

13. Did this object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away or fly away? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
c. Break up in parts or explode? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
d. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
e. Change shape? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
f. Flash or flicker? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
g. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. Hazy    
b. Very bright
c. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull or misty  
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Can't remember

9. WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear 
b. Partly cloudy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
Appeared brighter than the moon, total

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like the brightest star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (No)
c. Break into parts or explode? (Yes)
d. Change brightness? (Yes) 
e. Change shape? (Yes)
f. Flash or flicker? (Yes)
g. Disappear and reappear? (Yes)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a diagram. The diagram appears to be a sketch of a sighting or observation of an object, with instructions for the witness to provide details about the shape and movement of the object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It did not disappear.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Speed: Moving left to right, illuminating.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, show much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Object appeared 80 feet diameter.

19. Draw a sketch that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The provided image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting an oval-shaped object with no visible details or exhaust trails.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and responses regarding an unidentified object sighting.

Transcription of the text:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No Roughly 600 mph
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (plain)
d. Outdoors (mountains)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West 
24.2 How fast were you moving? 80 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle any) a. Eyeglasses Yes (Yes) No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Feather all

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a sketch or diagram that appears to be part of a UFO investigation report.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, an "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

East - Highway

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

Output text from the document:

30. How you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  CAN  No 

31.1 If so, were they aware YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) CAN NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

REDACTED REDACTED
REDACTED 
REDACTED, OHIO  REDACTED

32. Please give the following information about yourself. 

NAME: REDACTED
ADDRESS: REDACTED, OHIO REDACTED
TELEPHONE NO.: REDACTED AGE: 25 SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
June 10, 1967

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or other aerial object. The text in the document says:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4-19 Oct 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: 
Witness had sited an unidentified object in the sky over the vicinity between Davenport and Des Moines, Iowa. The sighting was reported to have been at sometime during the evening hours of the date given above.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT FOUND IN THE DOCUMENT:

TEST UFO (MAJ. QUINTANILLA/70916/EAF/11 OCT 67)
UFO Observation of 10 Oct 1967
Columbus, Ohio 43227                     Columbus, Ohio 43209
1. Thank you for reporting your sighting of 10 Oct 1967 to the Air Force. The information is valuable and could be useful in our analysis.
2. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANAK, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

CET 0400 EST
Name at 14 " location 55°23'  at station msg - 4.3 
Upjohn at 16" 58o03'                    - 1.4
Regulus at 16° 57°03'                   - .8

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" that is used to collect information about an unidentified aerial phenomenon that was observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We require this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15-6-67
2. Time of day: 6:55 p.m. Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): b. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? IN CAR DIV
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 30 Seconds
5.1 How was the size in sight determined? COULDN'T
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a reported UFO sighting.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. A few
c. Less
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight
d. Can't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Partly cloudy
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
SPACE CRAFT???

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
f. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and blank spaces for responses.

TRANSCRIBED TEXT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES IT SLOWLY DISAPPEARED AT FIRST SLOW THEN FAST SPEED

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes    No    Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ______
b. Color ____WHITISH SILVER BRILLIAN_________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
VARIED

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 12 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and answers related to an observed UFO incident.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? VARIED - 10+/- miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near or airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Window glass Yes No
d. Windshield Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

SIGHTING p 10 / 7283003

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "G" on the highest point above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "G" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "X" at the position the object occupied when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, or "E" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
VARIED

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Columbus, O. 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (redacted)
ADDRESS: (redacted)
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (redacted)
AGE: 31 SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Oct. 9, 1967

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a form used by the U.S. Air Force to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This portion of the form states that the information provided will be used for research purposes and may be contacted for further details if necessary.

1. When did you see the object? September 30, 1967

2. Time of day: 8:22 PM

3. Time Zone: Central

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Davenport, Iowa

5. How long was object in sight? 2 to 30 seconds

5.1 How was the sight determined? Best estimate

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? Night, Hazy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? This question is not applicable as the object was seen at night.

- page 16 -

