There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

1. WITNESS GROUP: IINKNOWN
2. LOCATION: SEATTLE, WASHINGTON
10. CONCLUSION: BALLOON(POSSIBLE)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers watched a strange plate shaped object travel low across the sky. No sound was noted during the observation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an internal memo from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 25 July 1967

TO: SECIIO, Washington

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

STANLEY C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter with handwritten and typed text.

Dear Sirs,

I am sending you a sighting which I have made. I would appreciate it if you would investigate it and find no any information, those things made. On the inside is a drawing that I made as I saw it.

Thank You,
Seattle, Washington
98109

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this document. 

1. I saw the object on August 15, 1967.
2. The object was first seen by Mrs. Saydra (last name blanked out).
3. It was about 12 in sight for 1 minute or so.
4. The object was clear and bright.
5. The object looked solid or glasslike and grey.
6. The object appeared solid, silvery-looking, outlined.
7. The object disappeared very quickly, within the time it took to blink.
8. While I was watching it, the object disappeared.
9. The object made no sound and was white in color.
10. I could not identify the object. The object came in straight line toward me from over the treetops.
11. I was near an airfield.
12. The object disappears through nothing. I saw it with the naked eye, about the size of a quarter.
13. The object was about 15 degrees above the ground and was in the northwest sky.
14. I have never seen anything like this object before. The way this object too disappeared was the way he may have saw the object.
15. Besides those few lines, here is some information about me.
16. My phone number (blanked out) and I'm 15 years old.
17. I also study UFO information and have a large collection of books on the subject. And I am certain I am not confused or mistaken.

- page 4 -

The image contains a simple hand-drawn sketch of an oval-shaped object, accompanied by the text "I drew this picture of the craft" written below the sketch. There is no photographic image present in this document.

Transcribing the text found in the document:
I drew this picture of the craft
Craig Woolsey

- page 5 -

The image contains two drawings. The first drawing depicts a round, disc-shaped object labeled "First". The second drawing depicts a slightly different, elongated object labeled "Second". The text beneath the drawings states "This was drawn by my friend."

This was drawn by my friend.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPE/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 15 June 1967

TO: Seattle, Washington 98133

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as a witness to an UFO sighting on 15 June 1967. In case you have additional information to turn in, the envelope provided contains this sighting. Your name and address will be used in any further communication. Would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. This information will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MARAIT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name and address, or any other means of identification, will not be used in any publications or made public unless you specifically request it. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15 JUNE 1967
2. Time of day: 7 24 Hour  A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? SEATTLE WASHINGTON
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 MINUTES
5.1 How was object's brightness determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY BRIGHT CLOUDY
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 625-5 164 This form supersedes FTD 625-5, Jul 64, which is obsolete.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or survey form.

9. CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If the appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: DINNER PLATE

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash on and off? Yes No Don't know
g. Leave a trail? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a series of questions that the witness has answered regarding their UFO sighting.

IT WAS THERE WHEN I SIGHTED IT.
(Circle One): YES NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what moved behind:
(Circle One): YES NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what moved in front of:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: A CREAM COLOR OR WHITE
Don't Know
-

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text from the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars (Yes No)
b. Telescope (Yes No)
c. Windshield (Yes No)
d. Window glass (Yes No)
e. Theodolite (Yes No)
f. Other (Yes No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
A WHITE DINNER PLATE, TURNED UPSIDE DOWN.

- page 11 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. The sketch shows an illustration of a compass along with instructions and questions related to describing the movement and trajectory of unidentified flying objects.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" where you think the object was at the midpoint.

28. Draw a path, a "B" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
SEATTLE, WASHINGTON 98188

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name, First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS SEATTLE
CITY
STATE 98188 WASHINGTON
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 13 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
To my PARENTS

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically question 35 on the questionnaire, which asks "Information which you feel particularly covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting." The answer field is blank.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 July 1967
35. Information which you feel particularly covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 14 -

