The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the document includes information about the sighting, such as the number of objects observed, the length of the observation, and a brief summary and analysis.

CASE TITLE: 1. 23 30 TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION: Detroit, Michigan
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 7-7-67 
4. CONCL USION: "POSSIBLE AIRCRRT" 
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 5
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 minutes 
7. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 
"LIGHTS were the only thing observed. NO other shapes or objects seen - - only the lights, possibly reflecting off a distant object as the lights seemed to disappear one at a time going the same direction. NO other observer with the person reporting this sighting."

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing various diagrams and instructions related to UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing handwritten text.

OCR output:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 Day Month Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

a strange, highly illuminated object might have been a celestial body. but the brightness seemed extraordinary, and the object appeared to be low on the horizon. it maneuvered strangely, disappearing and reappearing at different positions. the object seemed to be an artificial, self-luminous aircraft, which might have been a spacecraft of some advanced design. it did not resemble any known type of aircraft or celestial body that i am acquainted with. i do not know what the object was, but i feel that it was an unusual and unidentified flying object. the sighting was brief, lasting about 1-1/2 minutes or less. but the object's behavior and appearance were most peculiar.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for reporting observations of unidentified objects.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow 
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a questionnaire form used by the U.S. Air Force to collect information about UFO sightings.

UFO REPORT RECEIVED AT 6/21/67

The questionnaire has various fields for the witness to provide details about their UFO sighting, such as the time, location, duration, and condition of the sky. There is also a question about the position of the sun relative to the object when observed during daylight.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day Month Year

2. Time of day:
Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes  No
b. Sun glasses   Yes  No
c. Windshield   Yes  No
d. Window glass   Yes  No
e. Binoculars   Yes  No
f. Telescope   Yes  No
g. Theodolite   Yes  No
h. Other _______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting. The form contains several questions about the observed object, such as whether it disappeared, moved behind something, or moved in front of something. The form also asks the witness to describe the object in terms of sound, color, and angular size, and to draw a sketch of the object and its movement.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give data or dates and location.

31. Was anyone also with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name Middle Name 
ADDRESS: Street, City, State  
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 26 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Box code: 14612

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: Month: Year:

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image from the Project Blue Book document. The image contains a sketch and instructions for the observer.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows the contents of an old UFO report document, specifically page 8, which appears to contain handwritten notes and text.

OD'S note:
Because Mr. Carolla was no longer at the scene, I did not question him extensively (he was calling from a distance non-collect from totals), but asked him to write down his recollections on paper so that he would be able to recall the observations clearly in case of further need of information from him. 

He said he also heard something on a 3 Months(?) (Canada) radio about a sighting, the same date almost exactly similar to what he saw.

I wonder in a case on the Detroit or proximity will of companions at 011s when the occupants observed lights in the sky as described in above this papp.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
	Day - Month - Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. 
2 lights in the sky
like white headlights
A 3-4 one to right of the first two blinking onb and off. finally and deg more lights shone on and off. Slight downward angle to leeye. Definite formation.
1 mile up in sky. this appeared at 1:15 when we were in a car passing through Detroit on the expressway. This definetly seemed to be a formation of lights, (like towers 1 mile high ? ) 2 lights climbed off till 6 or 8 in the sequence.

- page 11 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects. 

The text in the document is as follows:

"TFT/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/sms/30 Sep 67)
UFO Observation, 2 Sep 67

509th BW
Peace AFP, New Hampshire 03803

The Aerial Phenomena Branch is in receipt of a reported unidentified flying object observation over the Detroit-Michgan area at approximately 0502Z on 2 September 1967.

Your group is engaged in training flights over the area in question. Request information on whether there were any refueling missions on AR-206 at approximately 0502Z.

FOR THE COMMANDER

James C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems"

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation on 2 September 1967.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 33DTH BOMBARDMENT WING (SAC)
PEASE AIR FORCE BASE, NEW HAMPSHIRE 03801

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:  DOCTS

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 2 Sep 67

TO: Hq. Foreign Technology Div (TDBT/UFO)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Your letter, subject as above, 2 October 1967, this unit had 2 aircraft in AIC 206 on refueling mission. Aircraft exited the area at approximately 0500.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

KEVIN G. JOHNSON, Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an observation report from September 2, 1967 regarding an unidentified observation in Toledo, Ohio.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO   

SUBJECT: UFO Observation   2 Sept 67

TO:    Toledo, Ohio  43612

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, which contains a questionnaire with various questions and answer choices related to observations of an unidentified object.

The text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _handlight_

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES / NO / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or rush away at any time? YES / NO / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES / NO / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES / NO / Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES / NO / Don't know
f. Change shape? YES / NO / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? YES / NO / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES / NO / Don't know

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding unidentified aerial phenomena. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed; please be as accurate as many questions as you possibly can. The information will be used in connection with any statistical studies or conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 9-7-67
2. Time of day: 8:20 MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Detroit, State/County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1-2 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimatd 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): DAY - a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT - a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 112 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Flying from East to West

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 75-80 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite No
h. Other Appeared very large to the naked eye

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Headlight of an automobile

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? APPEARED SUDDENLY AND THEN DISAPPEARED JUST AS SUDDENLY.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: IT MOVED BEHIND A CLOUD.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: IT MOVED IN FRONT OF A CLOUD.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound = BARELY AUDIBLE b. Color = BRIGHT WHITE.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? IF you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? APPROX. 50 DEGREES.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. APPEARED AS A SERIES OF RAPID FLASHING LIGHTS IN A STRAIGHT LINE, CHANGING DIRECTION SHARPLY.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Here is the text output from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
:70

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes/ No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Toledo, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME - Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS - Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 55 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have been interested in unidentified flying objects for many years and have read a good deal on the subject. I feel that I have a fairly good knowledge of the subject and am on the lookout for any new developments or observations. I have a deep interest in the subject but have never observed an unidentified object myself. I would be glad to cooperate in any way to help develop information on this subject.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 1/9/67 to Air Force - Base

- page 19 -

