The image does not contain any photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a UFO report document. The text on the image can be extracted as follows:

1. DATE, TIME OF RECORD: 04/07/1967 - 22:30 Z
2. LOCATION: Huntington, New York (approx.)
3. SUBJECT: Description of not air balloon
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 minutes, 30 seconds
6. COURSE: Straight
7. PHOTOS: No
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Possible not air balloon

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Objects were about as bright as the planet Venus, or possibly a little brighter. The object moved in a straight line for a period of time. It then appeared to stop and disappear, then reappear. The object traveled in a straight line. The observer seemed to note any remarkable actions after the object disappeared.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a questionnaire-style format filled out by a witness.

Text extracted from the document:

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes, a series of similar objects in this area over a period of time.

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No  
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No  
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]  
ADDRESS: [Redacted]  
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 52 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I was at work at the time, and I was wondering if I should report this. It is not the first time I have seen these objects, but I have never reported it before. I feel that they may be a threat, but I am not sure. I would like to know if others have seen them too, and what they think they are.

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

34: Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 21 / 6 / 

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire as a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object I saw was a Circular shape object silver in color, about the size of a small automobile. It had a distinct outline, not hazy or blurred. It moved at a very rapid pace and high altitude. It was seen by my wife and myself while driving along the Southern State Parkway near Westbury, New York. The object appeared suddenly and disappeared from view in a matter of seconds. There were no flashing lights or sounds associated with the object. It seemed to travel with no apparent effort or power source. We were both amazed at what we saw and could not explain it as any conventional aircraft. The sighting lasted less than a minute.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

26 APRIL 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation - 8 Apr 67

TO:
Westbury, New York 11590

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

C. R. MANART, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

TDSYUFO

Attn: Ist Lt. H. ROSS
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

Dear Sir:
I have come across a copy of a letter to your office dated April 15, 1967. The writer reports seeing a U.F.O. on April 3, 1967. The letter is from Westbury, New York and states that the writer's son and a friend observed a U.F.O. for about 10 minutes, and the son even took some photographs. However, when the film was developed, the pictures did not come out clearly and showed only a hazy object. The writer states that the boy's friend was also able to see the U.F.O.
The letter describes the U.F.O. as being about 4:30 p.m., when the boys first noticed it. It was a bright, metallic object, about the size of a basketball, hovering at an altitude of about 300 feet. It remained stationary for several minutes, then suddenly took off at a high rate of speed, disappearing from sight within 2 or 3 seconds. The letter goes on to say that the boys were very frightened by the experience. It concludes by stating that the writer is sending this information in the hope that it may be of some use to your office. The writer requests that the original letter and any photographs be returned, if possible.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a handwritten document with text that appears to be part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Appeared with a span of 5 seconds. The object was saucer-shaped and had portholes. It remained suspended for a brief period, then descended rapidly out of sight. The witness reported being 'quite frightened' by the experience.

No other details of the incident are described. There are no references to any human individuals in the text.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO report form filled out by a witness.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the object you saw. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 8 April 1967

2. Time of day: 7:55 Hour Minutes A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other ________

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Westbury, N.Y. City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Terse Duration) 31 Hours Minutes 20 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By watching it through a spotting scope as it crossed the sky.

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ___ No X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear b. Hazy c. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Very Bright b. Bright c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice about the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight 
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Light or transparent 
c. Vapor
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
About that of venus, possibly slightly brighter

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy
b. Sharp or outlined
c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes / No / Don't know
c. Brace any lights or search our vehicles?  Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke?  Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness?  Yes / No / Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear?  Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?  Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?  Yes / No / Don't know

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a questionnaire and prompts for the witness to provide information about their observation.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, it stopped and then zoomed away quickly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No
b. Color: Light yellowish-white, similar to a star, but more defined.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? All or It.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Drawing of an object with an arrow indicating its direction of movement]

Text Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?   Yes, it stopped and then zoomed away quickly.   

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   No
b. Color   Light yellowish-white, similar to a star, but more defined.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?   All or It.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answers.

Here is the text from the document, produced as if by an OCR system:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you see the object any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No  
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A metal trash/garbage can cover flipping thruHugh the sky, rotating to 30-40 feet in diameter.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a series of instructions and drawings related to reporting UFO sightings.

OCR output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it.
60째
55째
30째
25째
N
W E
S
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture to show they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

