The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed report document from Project Blue Book. As requested, I will now act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT UO RECORD
27 Jun 67 LOCATION Cleveland, Ohio
CONCLUSION
SUBJECTS: SATELLITE (ECHO II 04532) 935' - 4055'
OBSERVATION
SUMMARY: Object appeared as a bright, high-altitude, fast-moving, luminous object. Its brightness was compared to that of a star. Object appeared at azimuth 50°, elevation 40°; headed northeast, slightly south, at high speed, altitude about 50-60 miles. Passage took about 2-3 minutes. No distinct sounds were heard.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a document or form titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" that contains various questions and options for the witness to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be revealed in connection with any statements you make, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone: 
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The page contains a questionnaire with various questions and answer options regarding the sighting of an unidentified object.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you observed the object? WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Change brightness?
e. Flicker or throb?
f. Flash on and off?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NONE
b. Color WHITISH

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc.; and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) 
Yes 
No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses
Yes (No)
c. Windshield 
Yes (No)
d. Window glass
Yes (No)
e. Binoculars
Yes (No)
f. Telescope
Yes (No)
g. Theodolite
Yes (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
THE observation was of an object that had the appearance of a bright disc, or flying saucer, that was stationary in the sky for several minutes. It was larger than a star or planet and seemed to slowly change position, but not in any set pattern. The object was viewed through a residential area of the city.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date and location.
YES - THAT WAS UNTIL RECENTLY THE SAME LOCATION

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw this object? (Circle One)
YES  /  NO

31.1 If you answered YES, did they also see the object? (Circle One)
YES  /  NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
BLOCKED REDACTED BLOCKED

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: BLOCKED LAST NAME BLOCKED FIRST NAME
ADDRESS: 6 STREET, CLEVELAND, OHIO ZIP
TELEPHONE NUMBER: BLOCKED

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
JUNE 7, 1967   A/2C   XXXXXXX XXXXX

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a sketch and instructions for observers. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Text extracted from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
DO NOT DRAW ANYTHING EXCEPT A SIMPLE PICTURE AS REQUESTED. THIS SHALL BE A SIMPLE TRACING OF THE ACTUAL PATH AND NOTHING MORE.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
THERE WERE SEVERAL OBJECTS TRAVELING TOGETHER, ARRANGED IN FORMATION WITH THE USUAL MOTION AS THE FIRST OBJECT EXCEPT IT'S DISTANCE VARIED AND WE DO NOT KNOW ITS FULL EXTENT.

- page 7 -

