The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10.773 RECORD
1. TIME GROUP: 0l/00/62 
2. LOCATION: OIL CITY, PENNA. ABOUT 
10. CONCLUSION: POSSIBLE (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 
Object was silvery-bright color, roughly cigar-shaped with red and green flashing lights, traveling in a group of hills. The object disappeared very rapidly in the direction it was traveling. No other details were added by the observer.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with text describing a "DIRECTOR SERVICE DISCONTINUED" notice.

The text in the document states:

DIRECTOR SERVICE DISCONTINUED
Non-delivery due to failure of sender to supply complete or correct address. 
Do not reuse this envelope.

Calmersville Airport
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image contains a typed letter from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division, regarding a UFO observation reported on March 31, 1967 from Rockwood, Pennsylvania.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

3 May 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 31 Mar 67

TO: MISS
Rockwood, Pennsylvania 15557

Reference your unidentified observation. The information we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD FORM 164 and return in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF 
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 3 -

The image contains a scanned document page with handwritten text, but does not appear to contain any photographs.

As per your request, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

ROBERT HILL-BOEK
WASHING1UN, D. C.

DEAR SIRS:

I would like to report to you a UFO. The object wds seen on
March 11, 1967 at 8:15 p.m. in Cill City, Pennsylvania. 
It was a round, white object and it would appear and disappear
periodically. It was very bright and moved very fast to the northeast. 
I am a Presburn at Venango General Huspital and
witnessed this occurrence at about 8:15 p.m. on March 11, 1967.
As I mentioned, the object was round, white in color, and it
would appear and disappear periodically in the sky. It was
very bright and moved very fast to the northeast.
I want the above information to be recorded.

As I mentioned, I am a Presburn at Venango General Hospital
and I could see the object clearly. I would like to know what
you think this object could be. I have never seen anything
like it before.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

"Dear sir, could such as that be they way seen about here in our country? I know close to the earth, but i could not get it for about two on hours, just shiny like its light and it kept around for three, too. 
It came so close to the earth, i would think so, that i coulcn't look at it for about so many seconds, and i don't know how to very explain it for you. All of the information which i have this letter is true.
Sincerely,"

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image contains a scanned document with text describing a UFO observation that occurred on March 31, 1967 in the Pennsylvania area.

Text output:

UFO (Ist Lt Marley/702316/mns/23JAN67) 30 JUN 1967 

UFO Observation, March 31, 1967

Our office has been informed by the Federal Aviation Agency that your report concerning a particular sighting in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area. In the past, such activity has been responded to such reports if any such sighting occurred (UFO).

A report of an UFO observation was recently submitted to Air Force Chief of Staff, Pennsylvania. This particular observation occurred on March 31, 1967 at approximately 1940 hours. Request information if you were encased in any such activity this date and if affirmative, the exact location.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire related to reporting an unidentified object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as accurately as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena you may have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide may be used in connection with any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? March 5, 1967
2. Time of day: 7:00 P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): c. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? moving local 1/2 mile west of Oil City
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 Hours 3 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One):
a. DAY: b. Cloudy
b. NIGHT: b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): f. Don't remember

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire used for collecting information about UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away or any time? 
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't
Don't
Don't
Don't
Don't
Don't
Don't
Don't

remember
remember 
remember
remember
remember
remember
remember
remember

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The response indicates the object did not disappear, but the observer was only able to see it briefly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? The response is "Yes", indicating the object did move behind something, likely a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? The response is "No", indicating the object did not move in front of anything.

17. The response provides details about the object, including that it made no sound and was a light yellowish-white in color.

18. The response discusses the size of the object, indicating it was covered by a match stick when held at arm's length.

19. The document includes a hand-drawn sketch depicting the shape of the observed object.

Text Transcription:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
Did not-saw it but for a short period of time.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes_X_ No____ Don't Know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes__ No_X_ Don't Know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound
b. Color - Light yellowish-white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the head of the match?
The top of the object was covered by the matchstick head when held at arms length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include a description of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust or light color. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing included]
The object appeared to be an elongated cylinder about 2 to 3 feet long. No other details noted.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a series of questions and answer choices.

Text Output:
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes - No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? /

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes - No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. _____

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes c. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other _______________

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as you saw.
If I saw a saucer like object with lights that seemed to be getting brighter and dimmer as it moved slowly across the sky, it appeared to change direction several times and seemed to slowly get smaller. I estimated the size to be around that of a large plane but it made no sound and seemed to move very steadily and slowly.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch appears to be a compass rose with a line drawing of a landscape below it. The text in the image is part of an old UFO report document and gives instructions for the observer to fill out, including sketching the motion of the observed object and indicating the direction it was moving.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the sketch to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course of the observation.

29. IF there was MORE than ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location:
7/3

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes  
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER Sex Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be helpful in evaluating your report: college freshman

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Stated my findings on this report. 

- page 12 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28 May
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I marked three sightings here see the photo of the object I saw it was some object I have never seen before and I am an aircraft detector and I know what I saw it may not have been a aircraft at all.

- page 13 -

