The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT RECORD
5 APR 67 60,755 Z
10. CONCLUSION

LOCATION

- DESCRIPTION OF OBJECTS
- TYPE OF OBSERVATION
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Discrepancy in date of observation. Date of observation is given as 16 March 67 while date of 15 April 67 is given in SUMMARY. Form to clarify this and details. (See case)

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
  -  

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

Statement, included at Blue Book, to the effect that the witness would travel in a vehicle approaching his car, which was absolutely incorrect, if the witness is to be believed stated that the object suddenly sped up and rushed away. There is nothing in my files to indicate that the witness stated, "There is no other object I have ever seen with red lights that were as brilliant."

Finally, witness became frightened because object came closer and yet said there was no sound. Unless one is willing to call this an absolute hallucination, this can no physical contact present whatsoever, the "aircraft" simply won't hold up.

This case is sufficiently interesting for me to investigate further, as there were two witnesses, independent and called about it only after each had seen the object.

I will make this personal investigation and report

23. 3 April 1967, Roseville, Michigan. 
I would agree with the evaluation of possible bird-support to be insufficient also add, possible unknown insufficient. The card indicates only 10 to 12 lights observed in v formation. This actually strengthens the "possible bird" evaluation.

24. 4 April 1967, Wheeling, W. Virginia.
This is not in my files.

25. 5 April 1967, Westminster, Colorado.
Since Case 164 was continued the evaluation "insufficient information" seems to me, is entirely correct, but the case itself is significant, since it was right at their back. Should have looked into it particularly since there were telescope observations. Also the object was visible for 15 minutes, and it was a telescope. Even at this late date this might be worth a recheck, myself, but for the statistics, the evaluation "insufficient" holds.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   TDET/UFO                                           24 April 1957
SUBJECT:   UFO Observation, 6 Apr 57
TO:        Westminister, Colorado 80030
Reference your unidentified observation. The information you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation and return to the AF for analysis. However, we appreciate your sending the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.
                          JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
                          Director of Technology and Systems

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

B. Description of course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s):
Single station at Denver.
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed:
60-300.
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
about 45 - 110.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
While hovering, object side pointed downward at about 45 angle.
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the horizon, behind clouds, etc.):
Gradually faded in its disappearance.
(6) How long was the object(s) visible: (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.):
15 minutes.
C. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground - electronic, air electronic, specifically type:
ground - visual.
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof:
none.
(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting: 05/23/1957 AZAT 1357

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

REPLY TO
ATTN OP'S XPCP

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Programs attached:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: oval - silver a little a cigar
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following): Marble, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
Basketball.
(3) Color: White flickering - radish greenish sparkling
(4) Number: One
(5) Formation, if more than one: None
(6) Any discernible features or details: Small large "globe" sparkling from top to bottom.

(7) Trail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to object(s): Trailed to left side (1/2 size).

(8) Sound. If heard, describe sound: None

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Is a bright similar.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Extracting the text from the document:

1. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, as or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

2. Information of identification action taken (each action must be considered in complying with existing Air Defense directives).

3. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of air traffic in the area at time of sighting.

4. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs, which may be examined.

Edward C. Ayres Mj/Lt/Hq BSAFB

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

(3) Light conditions. (use on of the following terms: high, low, dawn, dusk)
Location of Observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each observer(s) should also be given in electrical reports, such as "6 mi n of Devillis W/station Langly 37 degrees 23.4 N, 102 21 W transmitted frequency."
EXAMPLE: 89 15'N, 122 71'W for 39 13'N, 102 21'W.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and reliability.
(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimated reliability.

g. Weather and winds -- All felt conditions at time and place of observation.

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions. 
(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office on winds and velocity, increase and drops in pressure, temperature, etc., 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 30,000' if available.
(3) Ceiling.
(4) Visibility.
(5) Amount of cloud cover.
(6) Thunderstorms in area & quadrant in which located.

- page 7 -

