The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of UFO sightings investigated by the United States Air Force.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10573 RECORD
1. DATE TIME GROUP 26 Jan 67 1930L
2. LOCATION Casper, Wyoming
10. CONCLUSION
Probable explanation - light probable aircraft
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object has light, object likely aircraft bright at first, object had a change of a clean and a brilliant object disappeared in distant darkness.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document page from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day / Month / Year 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific part of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
See my letter of June 28, 1967.
This describes the movement of the object or vehicle in greater detail. Also -- in that letter I state they are much larger in this report than had been noted on our earlier calendar form when I wrote to be unable to see the vehicle clearly.
In section 15 above, the size of the vehicle appears as a sort of an entry in the rear 25 the vehicle. In a written letter that followed, I mention that we saw two or three separate vehicles, that the first was witnessed on the evening of June 26, 1967 sighting. The second one -- right after that -- seen that same evening, as a smaller disc-like vehicle in the sky not hovering, but moving rapidly across the sky. The third vehicle was witnessed on the following evening, June 27, 1967, which I was unable to describe in detail on the calendar form when I wrote to be unable to see the vehicle clearly.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Department of the Air Force, addressed to IDBT/UFO, regarding a UFO observation in January 1967.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: IDBT/UFO

15 March 1967

TO: [REDACTED], Illinois 60032

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it to the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/env

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a report on the sighting of an airborne vehicle that was submitted to the Project Blue Book Information Office.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE
SCOTT AIR FORCE BASE, ILLINOIS 62225

CSNOID
SUBJECT: Sighting of Airborne Vehicle

TO: Project Blue Book Information Office
SAF-OI
Wash DC 20330

1. The attached report was submitted to this headquarters by ( ) and is forwarded to your office as per instructions of Project Blue Book, 1 Feb 66.

2. Though this is the first such report submitted to Hq AFCS, we have in the past received requests for information concerning Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). We would appreciate receiving copies of any Air Force handout on UFOs.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOE H WILSON
Chief, Information Division
Office of Information

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. 

FILLMORE PARISH - THE METHODIST CHURCH
BOX 28, FILLMORE, ILL. 62032 - BOX 178, COFFEEN, ILL. 62017
PHONE: FILLMORE 71 
January 29, 1967

Report of Unidentified flying objects over Fillmore, Ill. 
January 29, 1967 

DESCRIPTION: Similar to large helicopter, but without particular sound. Moved slowly and hovered over woodland area. Estimated size as large as a house, but no details could be seen as attached to it.

The "colored lights" on the side seemed more pronounced from a distance, but no particular colors could be determined. There was no noise or movement of any kind from the object which seemed to hover over the treetops, without moving windows, and they moved silently as if suspended.

At intervals, what appeared to be a fine mist or yellowish fog seemed to be produced by the object, but no odor or sound was noted. The only observation was the steady hovering over the wooded area, without any other activities noticeable.

There was no effect on the trees or ground observed, and the lights seemed to be contained within the object itself, rather than focused to the ground or trees. The duration was approximately 300 feet, and the object moved off slowly, without any perceptible sound or motion, and the distinctive silhouette was lost as it descended behind the trees. 

Incident worth to all who seen, either from distance or on the road, and the objective size of the vehicle was estimated. (It seemed quite large in comparison to local landmarks).

HILLSBORO, ILL. 62049
P.S.: If you have any further information, please contact me.

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank document with a vertical line running through the center. There are no additional visual elements or imagery present.

TRANSCRIPT:
[ILLEGIBLE]

- page 6 -

The image provided appears to be a sketch or drawing of an unidentified object. The object is dome-shaped with a distinct outline and some internal details. There are no human faces or figures visible in the image.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

LEFT 
FRONT

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document.

Here is the text from the document:

VALLEY AVIATION CO. 
Air Agency CE-12-67
Certified Flight Service 
Instrument Service
General Repair
Sales
Wholesale - Retail
Contract Repair Station No. 2229

January 16, 1968

Department of the Air Force 
HQ Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Attn: Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF 

Dear Sir:

In reply to your request for information concerning our advertising, I will submit the following:

Our advertising is done with an electric sign which is mounted on a position under the airspace. It is constructed in three sections and is extended or retracted by using electric winches and ropes.

The sign measures eight feet wide and thirty-five feet long when extended. The letters move from the rear forward, and eight feet by four feet.

Under normal circumstances, the entire message of approximately 60 letters and spaces is issued every 20 seconds.

During the time the sign is extended and lighted, it is capable of traveling at an airspeed of 35 to 60 miles per hour. Assuming it is from one location to another, the bulbs are not lighted and it would appear to be a conventional aircraft.

This apparatus, when viewed from a side position of more than a half-mile distance, could cause some of the public who are not aviation conscious to consider it as an aircraft. At a distance of one mile or more, it is not possible to identify it as a sign and will appear to be a string of lights moving in a very busy pattern of lights, not as a definite object.

On moonlit nights, the aircraft can be distinguished, but on occasion it does not equal a natural aircraft.

When operating this sign, we are required by the words in our waiver to maintain contact, or forecast the FAA that the sign is in use.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SERVICE STATIONS OR AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWERS
We are not waivered to fly lower than existing regula tions and we operate in strict accordance to those rules. 
However, we have found that in many cases, we are being operating at altitudes lower than the minimums (...) is caused by the effect of the moving lights. We have experienced this with this matter and have always to estimate our which case they always to be considerably lower.
I am enclosing one of our advertising folders in lieu of a graphy, signed the same to take a good picture of the drawing depicts the general appearance.
I am also enclosing a copy of our waiver, with the id if there is a question on a given night, you might be presence of one of these signs by contacting the FAA, and providing this operation complied with his waiver commitment.
Our area of operation is legally the Continental Unit, but we are operating mostly in the state of Illinois, Indiana, Missouri. We have operated in Kansas, Kentucky and Iowa.
We received two sets of information requests from you for which Valley Aviation Co., and one for - inform you that we are one and the same person.
If we may be of further service to you in your effort, let us know.
Sincerely,

- page 9 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which was a systematic study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force the unidentified aerial phenomenon information. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will not be used for research purposes, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? February 18, 1963
2. Time of day: 7:00 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ON HIGHWAY 133 CITY OR TOWN
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 SECONDS
5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. stopwatch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright NIGHT: a. Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): c. In front of you

The scanned document contains the text shown in the image, which is a questionnaire for the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book. The questionnaire is designed to gather information from individuals who have witnessed unidentified aerial phenomena.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey about sightings of unidentified objects.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight = pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid, not light - described in 19 before
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Brighter than most stars

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Hazy
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? No
c. Break up into parts or explode? No 
d. Give off smoke? No
e. Change brightness? Yes
f. Flash or flicker? Yes
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. The text in the document reads:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.  If you answered it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  It was a dirty grey-had seemed to be near a cloud. No  Don't Know.  If you answered in front of: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: sizzling
b. Color: At first much lighter, seemed to darken.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

In 3 or 4 out of 20 degrees covered by the match stick. About half of it's width and about 1/3 of it's height.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your picture the things you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show its trails.

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an object.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of UFO sightings and investigations conducted by the U.S. Air Force.

Extracted text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 10 mph - 80 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour/km per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No Stepped & Turned

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No
b. Sun glasses (Yes) No
c. Windshield Both (Yes) No
d. Window glass (Yes) No
e. Binoculars (Yes) No
f. Telescope (Yes) No
g. Theodolite (Yes) No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you saw.
Combination of a cigar and a metallic shape

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch showing the motion and path of an unidentified object or objects.

OCR output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

ONLY SIX

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
The handwritten response appears to be: Just yesterday, here is the first time i have seen this object.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted] Last Name [redacted] First Name
ADDRESS [redacted] Street [redacted] City [redacted] State [redacted] Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE [redacted] SEX Male

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
The handwritten response appears to be: 10 April, Wednesday, Chief, Investigation Branch

- page 15 -

