The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. D.D.T. TIME GROUP: 25/5002
2. LOCATION: Emmett, Idaho
10. CONCLUSION: Other ("hoax")
Individuals finally admitted that they made the story up; photographs were shown to them.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Report was submitted by a letter from the Prosecuting Attorney, Emmett, Idaho, to Senator of the U.S. In this letter it was stated that if the boys were telling the truth they should be awarded the Nobel Prize for the century. Sighting was investigated by individuals from Smiths Institute, Idaho Tech, who reported that this was a hoax, and the photographs had been faked.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains only text.

SAPFOJC Major Rademacher/79979
ATTN: LT COL BARTA

Reference is made to previous correspondence from Senator Jordan who inquired in behalf of Mr. L. L. Gorrono of Emmett, Idaho, about UFOS. We furnished your office on 10 July.

Attached is proposed reply to Senator Jordan which provides additional information.

24 July 67
7217

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter dated July 20, 1967, from L. Gordon to Senator Jordan regarding an investigation of a reported UFO sighting.

AIR MAIL
Hon. Len B. Jordan
Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C.

Dear Senator Jordan:

Thank you very much for your interest in the so-called UFO (Unidentified Flying Object) sightings. I indicated in a letter previously that our office was conducting an investigation of these cases and their investigating action, and particularly, William G. Pollard, United States Air Force, mentions two such incidents in Emmett, Idaho.

In the meantime, I continued the investigation of our office and finally determined that the boys were not telling the truth when they reported seeing unusual aircraft in the sky. Their two statements contained several facts of the conversation which are difficult to explain, but I am convinced now that they fabricated the story. I advised them at the time that it contains falsehoods and that the boys should not relate any more such untrue stories.

I am convinced that the incident contained a hoax, and that the boys should be identified as the source of the false report. When I was continuing the investigation, one of the officers who is 9 or 10 years older, who is a
spy, and stated that she thought that her brother had brought this to the attention of the papers so that they get reports from the public. But it certainly did not happen.

In summary, I consider the inquiry and report closed, and I appreciate your interest in the report. I will be happy to communicate with you further whenever the need arises, but it certainly did not happen.

Sincerely yours,
L. Gordon

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

SAP-ll
LT Colonel Barta

1. The attached is proposed reply to Senator Jordan;
the original is retained in behalf of Mr. Le Gorrone of Emmett, Idaho. 
2. Project Officer is Major John Rademacher,
SAF-OIDO, extension 79097.

10 Jul 67
75117

COORDINATES SHAPE DURATION DIRECTION SPEED REMARKS
s. s.e s -c 53 C 2 min. 60 degrees Slow Irregular flight path

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten letter addressed to "Dear Senator Jordan" regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred in Polies, Idaho on May 23, 1967. The letter states that the matter will be referred to the Air Force Project Blue Book staff for further investigation, and that the results of the investigation will be forwarded to the recipient.

The text of the letter is as follows:

DRAFT

Dear Senator Jordan:

This will reply to your letter to Secretary McNamara in behalf of Mr. B. Cronko, concerning an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting in Polies, Idaho, on May 23, 1967.

This matter will be referred to the Air Force Project Blue Book staff for investigation. As soon as the sighting has been investigated and findings compiled I will be happy to forward the results to you.

Sincerely,

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document titled "SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ROUTING SLIP" that has various fields and sections for routing information and instructions.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ROUTING SLIP
TO
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE 
DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
THE SPECIAL ASSISTANT
SECRETARY OF THE ARMY
SECRETARY OF THE NAVY 
SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE
CHAIRMAN, JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF
DIRECTOR, DEFENSE RESEARCH AND ENG.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (C)
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (COMPTROLLER) 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (I&L)
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (M&RA)

ACTION
PREPARATION OF REPLY FOR SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
PREPARATION OF REPLY FOR DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
Remarks: The attached correspondence containing the memorandum from the X regarding certain Defense Intelligence information is forwarded for your consideration and appropriate action. Correspondents: X

THIS IS AN ACTION COPY
CONGRESSIONAL
PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM ARE OBSOLETE
1311 19 1967 JUL 6 1967 4365
SD Form 14

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a letter from United States Senator Frank Church to the Secretary of Defense, Robert S. McNamara, dated July 5, 1967. The letter mentions that it is attached to a copy of a letter received from Mr. L. Corrono of Emmett, Idaho, concerning an unidentified flying object. The senator requests the Secretary's advice and comments concerning the problems presented by this incident.

Honorable Robert S. McNamara
Secretary
Department of Defense
Washington, D. C.

Dear Mr. Secretary:

Attached is a copy of a letter I have received from Mr. L. Gorrono of Emmett, Idaho, a highly respected member of the community concerning an unidentified flying object.

I shall appreciate your advice and comments concerning the problems presented by this incident. 

With best wishes, I am

Sincerely,

Frank Church
United States Senator

Enclosures

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

DOJ
UFO Investigation
AFSC (TDRF-UPO)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

1. Reference my letter, same subject, 15 July 1957.
2. Enclosed find the newspaper article with photograph. This is not the same photograph that was submitted with our report of 15 March 1957.
3. Enclosed also is a copy of Mr. Gorman's letter to Senator Jordan. A copy of this letter has been furnished to Lt.Col. Barnett Young at USAF (SAFOI).

FOR THE COMMANDER

(WILLIAM C. BALLER, Major, USAF
UFO Reporting Officer

ATTACHMENTS:
1. News Clipping-22 Jun 57
2. Letter-20 Jul 57

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with the following text:

May Selejoe
Mrs. Home, Deakins
Emmett, Idaho 83617
X-2492

- page 9 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of two young men near an unidentified object in the sky, which the text describes as a "flying saucer". The text goes on to provide details about the incident, including that the two boys were from Emmett, Idaho and were reportedly afraid of the flying saucer they witnessed.

Here is the text from the document, as transcribed by the OCR system:

PAGE FOUR MESSENG

Emmett Boys Take Flight In Fear of Flying Saucer

Two Emmett boys are certain beyond doubt that they beheld a peculiar flying object in the Boise basin last Wednesday. The object, which they had not seen for some 15 or 20 minutes, suddenly appeared over their shoulders and large heads.
The photographic proof with a small "swinger" camera is not very clear on details, but shows the object in question, which the boys describe as a "flying saucer." It is a disc-shaped luminous object, quite visible as a terrestrial object.
Told their parents and others here who believe them implicitly, the boys, about 10 to 11 years old, said the object was about the size of a basketball and moved swiftly at an altitude of 6,000 to 8,000 feet near Emmett, about 25 miles northwest of Boise.

An Overnight Hike
The boys had set off on an overnight hike and were somewhere between Emmett and the Payette River, about 15 miles from Emmett, when the object suddenly appeared. They stared at it for about 10 to 15 minutes, they said, and then it began to move away and disappeared.
The boys, who are identified, but whose names are not used here, had been hiking and camping for some time and had no thought of making a hoax. What they saw, they believe, was a flying saucer - a real one - and they were frightened by the experience.
They told their parents, who in turn told others here, and the saucer sighting was reported to authorities. This is the story of the two Emmett boys who encountered a flying saucer and were frightened by the experience.

FLYING SAUCER: Two Emmett boys are convinced they saw this peculiar, luminous object in the sky while on an overnight hike near Emmett. The disc-shaped object was estimated to be about the size of a basketball.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old newspaper or document.

MESSENGER-INDEX, EMMETT, IDAHO THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1967.
Fake Flight Long Saucer Not that Radio foothills would be of much little interest, He said they had not pre\iously told of seeing the "saucer" except to their friends, and a few friends, because they were so frightened, and because they did not expect people to believe them.
The boys father, Carl, that the sr., liver at Emmett.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on official stationery from the Office of the Prosecuting Attorney in Emmett, Idaho dated July 30, 1967.

Here is the text of the letter:

OFFICE OF THE PROSECUTING ATTORNEY
EMMETT, IDAHO

July 30, 1967

The Honorable Len B. Jordan
Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C.

Dear Senator Jordan:

Enclosed herewith is a copy of an article in the local newspaper which indicated and characterized certain objects in the sky as "flying saucers." In this respect, I have been a true agnostic and thought that those who believed that they had actually seen such objects, but that have had occasion to investigate, found that their vision had been deceived more often than otherwise. However, since this situation has developed, I believe myself compelled to tell the truth as I see it.

Some time ago, a young couple from my community reported to me that they had seen an object which they believed to be a flying saucer, and they asked me if I would be interested in seeing the pictures they had taken. I told them that I would be interested, and they brought the pictures to me. I have examined the pictures, and they appear to be authentic. In addition, there are others in this community who have information that we don't have, and we are contemplating sending a team of investigators to determine the facts.

It is my opinion that this matter should be officially investigated by competent authorities who have the time to check the details and to make technical examination of the objects involved. I do not intend this to be a lengthy report, but I felt compelled to advise you of the situation as it has developed here and to request that if you have any influence in this matter, you might see fit to have it officially investigated. The boys who are telling the truth, they should be awarded the Oscar for this picture. I realize that there are many of these reports and the Air Force and people like you and I have little time to be running down or sifting these claims, but I feel that the attitude and report of these boys have caused me to send this report to you.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Prosecuting Attorney

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text only.

The text in the document reads:

The Honorable Len B. Jordan
June 30, 1967
Page 2

There are many of us who feel that the public is entitled to have information concerning unidentified flying objects. It is my opinion that our representatives in Congress should be provided with this information, if any, pertaining to this subject from reliable sources, to be inserted in the Congressional Record.

As you probably know, I am a Lieutenant Colonel in the Air Force Reserve, Justice Department, and a Major in the Air Force. Recently I have been questioned about unidentified flying objects, which are also observed by some members of Congress. All of us who have questioned these boys on an examination of the facts and evidence presented to them, have become somewhat impressed with the magnitude of the problem, and the fact that results accompanied by evidence do not appear to have been made available to the Congress or the public.

I never dreamed that I would be writing a letter of this nature so soon, but due to our personal acquaintance over the years, I now feel that you would conclude that I was impressed with this report and these boys, or I wouldn't be bothering you with this part of the report. Personal regards,

Very truly yours,

P.S. I might state that the original photograph, under magnification, shows some structural detail, but I presume it would mean much more to a trained photo interpreter.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

DEPT/UFO
UFO Investigation

26 July 1967

Commander
5th 57th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing
Mountain Home AFB, Idaho 83648

1. I wish to commend, Major William C. Salyer, for his quick
response in investigating the Hass UFO hoax.

2. Major Salyer's investigation of the case enabled the project
office to respond to enquirer Gordon Buchanan's query in a positive and
expeditious manner.

FOR THE COMMANDER

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, here is the text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
DIRECTORATE OF INFORMATION SERVICES
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

DOI
UFO Investigation

UFO (CTIC-UFO) 
Headquarters Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

1. On 12 and 13 July 1957, Major Quintanilla of your office called this office and requested we investigate an alleged UFO sighting which had been brought to the attention of a U.S. Senator by a letter from Mr. L.C. Gumm. 

2. On 13 July we called Mr. Gumm and obtained his version of the incident. The boy, 15 years old, was acquainted with the fact that on 25 May 1957 they had seen what looked like a bright light which was maneuver in a strange manner in the sky. The boy also stated that he had photographed 1) twice with a borrowed camera, a Polaroid Swinger. Mr. Gumm and a newspaper photographer came to his house but they could not find the exact place where they had witnessed the sight.

3. Mr. Gumm agreed to arrange for us to interview the boy and to visit the location where the sighting occurred on 17 July. But on 14 July he called to say that the photograph that they had showed had been given them by the boy who said had found it somewhere. Therefore we cancelled preparations to go to Emmett.

4. The investigation was viewed as having supplied the photograph as evidence of a UFO sighting. This report as a UFO sighting, with photograph, was forwarded to your office on 16 July. It is probable that it should be considered in evaluation of the earlier cases which have similar photographs in the present case this was not the case submitted in March, but we expect to determine this.

5. We have asked Mr. Gumm to obtain a copy of the newspaper article for us. We also suggesting that he write again to the Senator that the report of a UFO sighting was false.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

WILLIAM G. BAXTER, Maj. USAF
UFO Reporting Officer

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document related to a UFO sighting in Boise, Idaho on May 28, 1967.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
13 July 1967
Subject: UFO Sighting, Boise, Idaho, 28 May 67

On 12 July 1967 TDDT/UFO office received a Congressional from regarding a UFO sighting, 28 May 1967, Boise, Idaho. 
Immediately upon reading the information supplied, Major Quintanilla advised Mountain Home AFB, Idaho at 1420 hours. He spoke with the public information officer there. They keep no real compilations on UFO reports, however they had not even heard of this report. Major Quintanilla then spoke with the Command Post. They had not received any reports for 29, 30, 31 May 1967. They in turn gave their information to the Base UFO Investigator Major Salyer or Msgt Van Peris. Major Quintanilla requested that the Sergeant at the Command Post contact Major Salyer regarding this sighting and have him call TDDT/UFO. Major Salyer called Major Quintanilla and informed him that they did not have this report. Major Quintanilla said he didn't think they would have it because it was just in the newspaper, however, we have a Congressional on it and he may be required to investigate. Major Salyer said he would do nothing until he hears from Major Quintanilla's office. Major Salyer's extension is 2-2-1.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing a UFO sighting in Emmett, Idaho on May 23, 1957.

Text from the document:

On 13 July 1959 at 1045 hours, Major Quintanilla spoke with Major William G. Salyor regarding the UFO sighting of 23 May 1957 which they had discussed previously on 12 July 1957. Major Quintanilla informed Major Salyor that he was going to have to investigate the sighting. The sighting occurred at Emmett, Idaho. L. Gorrono, Prosecuting Attorney's Office, sent a letter to Senator Jordan. Also involved is Justice of the Peace, A.O. Perry. The witnesses were a boy age 15 and his brother age 13. Major Quintanilla asked Major Salyor to go out and talk with the Justice of Mr. Gorrono and get their version of the story. Then contact the boys. Major told him that the photographs were taken with a Polaroid Swinger. He should get a measuring tape and a base photographer. The base photographer should take some good pictures with his camera and then try to borrow the boys' Swinger and take pictures with it. Major Quintanilla informed Maj Salyor that we had a suspense of 21 Jul on this and that he should get on the case and tell the heads there at Mountain Home about the problem. We will try to keep the Congressional pressure from reaching them. If he needs any assistance please call Major Quintanilla. Major Salyor may be reached by dialing Autovan 55-1990 ext 2499.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed memo for the record regarding a UFO sighting on May 23, 1967. The text in the document is as follows:

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 23 May 1967
Major Salyor spoke with Mr. Gorrono regarding his findings on the investigation of the 23 May 67 sighting by two boys. Major Salyor had first spoken with Mr. Gorrono, the attorney, regarding the boys' sighting. Mr. Gorrono contacted the two boys who supposedly observed the object, and talked with them. The boys had not told the truth. They informed Mr. Gorrono that a friend had given them the photograph and they thought it was a good chance to tell a story and see if anybody would come out and investigate the sighting. Major Salyor said he would write us a letter today informing us that the whole story had been made up. Major Salyor also said that he was writing a letter to the attorney, Mr. Gorrono, and suggest that he write a letter to his Senator explaining what had happened. Informed Major Salyor that if Major Quintanilla had any questions on the sighting he would call him.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a typed letter. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

LT COL YOUNG/SAFOIDC/1/19/1967/24 July 67

PROPOSED REPLY TO SENATOR JORDAN

Dear Senator Jordan:

The attached copy of a letter to you from Mr. L. Gorman in reference to the alleged UFO photograph taken by two Emmett, Idaho boys indicates that the photo and story are hoaxes.

The Air Force receives hundreds of such reports each year, and many are obviously hoaxes. In the present case, the boys are apparently extremely clever to have looked into the possibility of existing as Attorney. It is fortunate that the boys admitted the hoax before additional time and money were expended on the investigation. I hope this information answers any question you may have about the matter.

Sincerely,

SAF-OICC
SAF-OIC

- page 19 -

