There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 Feb 67 28/0430Z
2. LOCATION: Newman, Georgia
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Eastward
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: February 1, 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The sighting of an unidentified aerial object occurred about 6:15 P.M. on December 6, 1966, in Newman, Georgia. The object was observed for about 30 minutes. It was round, about 12 to 15 feet in diameter, and had a bright light on top. The object appeared to be hovering and would occasionally move in a horizontal direction without any sound. At times it would change color from a bright white light to a blue-green light. The object was observed by two witnesses, the reporting individual and a friend. Both witnesses were familiar with aircraft and this object did not resemble any type of aircraft known to them. The object eventually climbed straight up and disappeared from sight. There was no indication of propulsion and no sound was heard during the sighting. The weather was clear with good visibility at the time of the observation.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official Department of the Air Force document related to a UFO observation report.

TEXT OF THE DOCUMENT:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: TDT/UTO	23 March 1967

SUBJECT:	UFO Observation, 27 Feb 67

TO:	Mr. xxxxxx
	Newman, Georgia 30263

	Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

	JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
	Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text from the document:

Dear Colonel:

I would like to report, the sighting of an unidentified flying object. This occurred on 5 January 1967 at approximately 7:20 pm. The object was moving in a northerly direction at a high rate of speed. It was oval in shape and appeared to be metallic in color. The object suddenly changed direction and disappeared from view.

The object was observed for approximately 1 minute by three witnesses.

I am forwarding this information for your evaluation.

Sincerely,

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form for reporting UFO sightings to the U.S. Air Force as part of Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, releases, or publications without your permission. However, should it be deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
- Day: Early
- Month: Last
- Year: 1967

2. Time of day:
- (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
- (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
- Person's Postal Address: Newnan, City or Town: Georgia, State or County: Georgia

5. How long was object in sight? (Test' Duration)
- Hours: 0
- Minutes: 15
- Seconds: Not very sure

5.1 How was size in sight determined?
- Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuous?
- Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
- DAY: Bright
- NIGHT: a. Bright, b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
- (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. Overhead, d. To your left, e. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about a sighted object at night.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of this object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (No) Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes (No) Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes (No) Don't know
e. Emit colored lights or rays? Yes (No) Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes (No) Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes (No) Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No) Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
2 or 3 sec

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound S -
b. Color -
c. Size -

18. We wish to know the angular size, held a match stick at arm's length in line with the object. How much of the match stick length covered the object? If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
a lot of the object is covered by a pencil (pencil) of the length of the object. there had been covered

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an elongated object moving from left to right, with an arrow pointing to the right.]

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from an old UFO report document with various questions and multiple-choice answers for the witness to fill out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately 500 yrds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No 
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Wind-shield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common 
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
The object appeared to be round and was silver in color. It made no sound and did not stop or change direction while I observed it.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a sketch and a compass diagram. The sketch appears to be instructions for drawing a path representing the motion of an object or objects, with an "A" point at the beginning and a "B" point at the end. The compass diagram is likely for use in determining the direction of the object(s).

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or date and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] Athens, Georgia 30601
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] AGE 15 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 2 February 1967 Federal Aviation Administration

- page 10 -

