The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8 Mar 67
9/02302
Denver, Colorado
(1 witness)
Civilian
One
15 minutes
Ground-Visual 
West
0 Yes
0 No
Observer stated that the object was about 500 feet distant. The object was bright white.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph visible in this particular page.

b. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

1. Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of air traffic in the area at time of sighting.

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

None - 2 others with hv sighted same object.

GEORGE E. PRICE
Captain, USAF
Chief, Operations Service Section

- page 2 -

This page of the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. The image shows a standard form used to record UFO sightings, with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: TIME GROUP: 9/6/52
2. LOCATION: Denver, Colorado
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: South westerly 
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEOR)

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) report.

REPLY TO: XPCXP

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to plans/program area:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: Round
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following: grapefruit, softball, dollar, etc.) held in the hand at about arm's length: basketball
(3) Color: White ball of fire 
(4) Number: 1
(5) Formation, if more than one: None
(6) Any discernible features or details: Looks like a meteor

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to object(s): None
(8) Sound: If heard, describe sound: None

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Previously seen - continuous light all the way down.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

b. Description of course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object: Driving along road
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed: Not specified
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: Nearly straight up down
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Passed directly overhead (about 30-45 degrees)
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the south)
(6) How long was the object(s) visible: (Be specific, 5 minutes)

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground - land vehicle
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and used and description thereof: None
(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station: Not applicable

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting: 2 Mar 67/2325

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

EXAMPLE: 39 45N, 292 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W...

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and reliability.
Denver, Colo.

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.
N/A

g. Weather and Winds -- Aloft conditions at time and place of observation:
150 as 6 E

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions. CLEAR

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of values for elevation and velocity indic ates and knows as: 6,000', 10,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' if available.

(3) Ceiling. 16,000

(4) Visibility. 20

(5) Amount of cloud cover. HIGH, thin broken

(6) Thunderstorms in area 2nd quadrant in which located. NO

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only typed text. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

or o. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomtogether with accoucts for the sighting.
1. Interception of Identification action taken (such action may be to whenever feasible, complying with existing air Defense directive*).
2. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of the air traffic in the area at time of sighting.
7. Position title and commencs of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s):

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:

EDWARD E.MOXE
STAFF SGT. USAF (RET.)
CHIEF COMPLAINTS SERVICE BRANCN

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: 22/04/52  TIME GROUP: 2100 (L)
2. LOCATION: Denver, Colorado
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: West
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION (COMMENTS): Venus was setting at 2100 (L) on a 285 degrees of sighting. Object was found like a beach ball, pure white, pulsating. Object descended behind hill, then disappeared by gradually raising.

- page 8 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report on unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

LOWRY TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, 80230, COLORADO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPCP

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to plans/program at XPCP.

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: Round like a ball
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following: pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
(3) Color: Pure white, very bright, pulsating
(4) Number: 1
(5) Formation, if more than one: N/A
(6) Any discernible features or details: None

(7) Tail, trace, or exhaust, including size of same compared to object(s): None

(8) Sound: If heard, describe sound: None

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: None

Astral (name)
A-1-2

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

b. Description of object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the
this object over Louviers Mrs
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed.
Descending behind hill then rose straight up
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
up and down
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
Gradual fade-gliding straight up
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the horizon, behind clouds, etc.)
2 hour
(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 min, etc.)

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground - binoculars, telescope, other optical device, type of camera used and description thereof.
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
None
(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, speed, and home station.

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting.
2

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

(a) Light conditions: (use one of the following terms: )
(b) Location of Observer(s): Exact latitude and longitude of and/or geographical position. Position with reference to known landmarks.
(c) Also should be given in celestial reports, such as azimuth and elevation of object.
(d) Date and time of beginning and ending observation. Duration, giving time in hours and minutes.
(e) Description of object(s): Number of objects, size, shape, color, brightness, sound, speed, erratic maneuvers, etc.
(f) Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and reliability.
(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.
(g) Aloft conditions -- Aloft conditions at time and place of observation:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office - direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000' if available.
(3) Ceiling: 30 -
(4) Visibility: slight
(5) Amount of cloud cover:
(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

LYUING TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO 80230

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPCF

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to XPCF.

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: None
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following: head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, grapefruit, or basketball) hold in the hand at about arm's length: None
(3) Color: Definite white
(4) Number: 1
(5) Formation if more than one: None
(6) Any discernible features or details: Changing on and off

(7) Trail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to object(s): None

(8) Sound: If heard, describe sound: None

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Commercial aircraft

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, as or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.  

i. Interruption of identification action taken (such action may have been taken whenever feasible, in complying with existing Air Defense directives).

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of air traffic in the area at time of sighting.  

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photos

EDWARD C. VIGES, Major, USAF
STAFF OPERATIONS BRANCH

- page 13 -

This page appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The image does not contain any photographs, only text.

The text on the page appears to be a standardized form or questionnaire for documenting the details of a UFO sighting, including:

(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s)
(5) How did the object(s) disappear?
(6) How long was the object(s) visible?
(c) Manner of observation, including any optical aids used
(d) Time and date of sighting

The form appears to be incomplete, with several fields left blank or marked "still visible - about 15 mins".

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

LIGHT CONDITIONS: (USE ON OR ING TERMS: Night, dusk, dawn, Disapearance of object).

LOCATION OF OBSERVER(S): Exact latitude and longitude of each observer should be given in degrees, minutes, and seconds or to a known landmark. TYPE TECHNICAL ERRORS OR "MARBLINGI" OFTEN RESULT IN TRANSMITTED MESSAGES, MAKING LOCATION PLOTS DIFFICULT OR IMPOSSIBLE.

EXAMPLE: BY LEN, 1952 7VI, FOR 39 J34, 102 21W.

F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVER(S):
(1) CIVILIAN - NAME, AGE, MAILING ADDRESS, OCCUPATION, and ESTIMATE OF RELIABILITY.
NAME: Benjamin Mariner, address: 1235 Denver, Colorado.

(2) MILITARY - NAME, GRADE, ORGANIZATION, DUTY, and ESTIMATE OF RELIABILITY.
N/A

G. WEATHER AND WINDS - ALOFT CONDITIONS AT TIME AND PLACE OF SIGHT:
VISIBILITY: 20 MI
AMOUNT OF CLOUD COVER: HIGH THIN OVERCAST
THUNDERSTORMS IN AREA AND QUADRANT IN WHICH LOCATED: 2300

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract the text from the document:

3. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, 
or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

4. Interception of identification action taken (such action may be 
whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).

5. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of 
air traffic in the area at time of sighting.

6. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including 
preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.
None

David E. Moede
Major, USAF
Chief, Air Traffic Control Branch

Finally got information on 13 sighting reports. There were about 5 other people that called to report a sighting, but we are unable to pinpoint exactly what they saw.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a historical U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text visible in the image is as follows:

1. DATE: 3-7-67 GROUP
2. LOCATION: Denver, Colorado
3. SOURCE: (WITNESS)
10. CONCLUSION: ASTRO (METEOR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer stated that the object was circular and shaped with hump. Object was compared to a half dollar held at arms length. The object had a bright light. Dropped out of sight curve but almost instantaneous disappeared.
6. PHOTOS: [] Yes [] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [] Yes [] No
FTD SER 43 0-329 (TDE) Previous edition of this form may be used.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form for reporting unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as part of Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

L. W. F. TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATCI
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE , 80239, Colorado

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPCG

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attend.

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: Circular and flat, saucer-shaped with hump
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following: basketball, grapefruit, or baseball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
(3) Color: Grayish-white
(4) Number: 1
(5) Formation, if more than one: N/A
(6) Any discernible features or details: None
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to object(s): No
(8) Sound: If heard, describe sound: No
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: None

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

b. Description of course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? Bright light of object
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed. 45 deg elev, 270 deg az
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance. Dropped out of sight with slight curve but almost instanteneous
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s). Appear over city park - level flight
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north) Dropped down instanteneously and disappeared.
(6) How long was the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes) Approx 30 seconds

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground - Binoculars, specifically type of.
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and used and description thereof. No optical aids used
(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting. Approx 0912/2 Mar 67

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text describing various details related to a UFO sighting, including the location of the observer(s), weather conditions, and other technical information.

The text in the document is as follows:

dawn, dusk 
a. Location of Observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each and/or geographical position. Also should be given in relation to a known landmark.
b. Should be given in detailed reports, as inaccurate or missing reports, making location plots difficult or impossible.

EXAMPLE: 39 45N, 102 21W. for 39 45N, 102 21W.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.
(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.

g. Weather and winds -- Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions. Clear, warm
(3) Ceiling. 15,000 estimate
(4) Visibility. 20 mi
(5) Amount of cloud cover. High thin broken

- page 20 -

