There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 29 Jun 67 24/0232Z
2. LOCATION: Oakgrove, Oregon
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 - 40 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: E
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

FTD FORM SFCP 39 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a UFO report form.

Text extracted from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date and location.
Yes

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Files with full names and addresses redacted

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street, City Oregon 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted
AGE: 14
SEX: Male

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
3 Day Month 1967 Year

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on a document page from Project Blue Book. The text appears to be a response to a questionnaire, with the date indicated as 25 August 1967.

Transcription of the text:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 August 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

band 3 were watching from porch of house. up to 5 min. We were at the moment of sighting. We were at the center on 39.39 from same house, again siting overhead still at center then more to the northwest, other witnesses when dim and went out. We as scooped and saw trail of same object, than is all that I can tell. I don't feel anything really reliable cant and faded to think out to any more than that.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing only text.

6 Sept. 1967
Called SPADATS
There was a satellite decay on 23 June at 1200Z ±12hrs. REACTION OBSERVED BY THERE REASONS
THIS DECAY WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SIGHTING.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UDET/UFO
UFO Observation 
AUG 21 1967

SUBJECT: Unidentified observation

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 145 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
FTD Form 145 w/envelope

- page 5 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report that includes handwritten text.

Project Blue Book
Wright - Patterson Air Force
Dayton, Ohio

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed or handwritten letter regarding a UFO sighting.

Dear Sirs,

My name is going for a recreation at Millacoma, Oregon. At approximately 9:15 Pacific daylight time two of my friends and I were walking home from a friend's house. We came to the youngest bridge and one looked up and noticed the oddest of two, and I looked, we saw a slight red object moving across the sky from east to west at a tremendous speed and then suddenly a nose came onto it and then as fast as it started it disappeared. I raced in at that time to write the TRUE report on flying saucers. I need in on it that if you can or a have ever seen a U.F.O. to write to the address. 

WITNESS: 
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form related to an unidentified aerial phenomenon observation. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information as well as other details.

1. When did you see the object? 23 JUNE 1967
2. Time of day: 9:23 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? OAK GROVE
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30:40 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? APPROXIMATE TIME GIVEN
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
NIGHT: d. Clear e. Bright f. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

THE WHOLE THING WAS FUZZY

8.1 STARS (Circle One): None
8.2 MOON (Circle One): No moonlight - pitch dark

CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear sky
WEATHER (Circle One): Dry

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): Solid

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): The whole thing was fuzzy

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)  
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes 
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes
d. Give off smoke? Yes
e. Change brightness? Yes
f. Change shape? Yes
g. Flash or flicker? Yes
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes

- page 9 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. There are no human faces visible in this image.

Transcribed text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES, it disappeared 213-215 degrees and disappeared to the west.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):  Yes / No / Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: VERY BRILLIANT
b. Color: ORANGISH RED

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ABOUT 2 DEGREES

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The drawing on the document appears to show an object shaped like an arrow or boomerang, moving in the direction indicated by the arrow.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text-based questions and answers related to a UFO sighting report.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 1/2 miles away

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car  
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses Yes  No
c. Windshield Yes  No
d. Window glass Yes  No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A gray oval object

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing various diagrams and instructions.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass at the point where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass at the point where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

