The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TTME GROUP: 8 APR 67
2. LOCATION: Youngstown, Ohio
3. WITNESSES: 3
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (Center)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object appeared as a flash but going out. Object was white in the early morning light plus all around glare. Object disappeared behind a building.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or interview form with various questions about a sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Flor

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): YES - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: A cloud - behind another object - Couldn't tell.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: It moved in front of a tree.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Silent
b. Color - White in the center, light blue a dull and hazy color all around it

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how many match sticks' length would have covered the entire object? The object was so small that only about a half match stick could have covered its entire size

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

TRAIL

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)
YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 20 - 30 M.P.H.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)
YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 50 yards
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Out-of-doors 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)
Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a big inflated plane a flash from a flashbulb but it was more to the ghostly hazy

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains a sketch and a compass diagram, but no photograph.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°
NW
N
NE
W
E
SW
S
SE

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, than how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or datess and location.
YES

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: REDACTED

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: REDACTED
ADDRESS: YOUNGSTOWN, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER: REDACTED 
AGE: 13
SEX: BOY
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? June 24, 1966, Division of Aeronautics, Department of Defense, Dayton, Ohio.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form or questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    25 - March - 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Proposed reply to letter from:
Dear, 
Reference your recent observation of an unidentified flying object. Although a positive identification has not been made, it appears you probably observed an unusually bright meteor. The description, flight characteristics, etc. are very consistent with that of a meteor observation. Included is some information which should be of interest.

1 Incl
Blue Book

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten letter.

Dear Sir,

I have finished your questionnaire as best I could and I hope it will be of some help. Also wanted to take you to what it was I saw. It seems like a very unusual matter to what it was I seen, and I would also appreciate if you could send the Project Blue Book because I would like to ask more about the U.F.O.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted], Ohio
44502

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this document, which appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR system, I have produced the following text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 	TDST/UFO	28 April 1967

SUBJECT: 	UFO Observation, 4 Apr 67

TO:	Youngstown, Ohio 44502

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 154 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 154 w/envelope

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a handwritten document. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document as follows:

Youngstown, Oh.
April 19, 19_?

U. S. C. Investigative Cente
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 

Dear Sirs:

Thank you for sending me the account of a U.F.O. sighted several months ago. I have been wanted to look into that in order of my friends seem to have some idea about five minutes after my applying I interviewed them and found that they had seen the same thing. I hope you do not think I am an impersonated joker to cry wolf. Thank you.

Sord 16_

P.S. I would like to know more about the U.F.O. Can you send me the file book.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document with various observations and descriptions, but no photograph is visible.

April 4, 1967
SIGHTING
1. Date of observation:
April 4, 1967
2. Location of observer:
At Boardly School (as recorded by the witness)
3. Duration of observation:
25 seconds
30 seconds
30 seconds
4. Description of object:
Clear
5. Number of the objects:
More

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document with sketches and descriptions. The sketches appear to depict various shapes or objects, possibly related to a UFO sighting or report. The text describes the observed objects in detail, including their size, shape, and movement.

Text from the document:
Echoson aircraft
Ant in dimension and much time (?) case descending and the ground will my place up
Possible descend
From sound, when a clear sound
From sound, white in color, slow to ascent and glide
From sound, blue-flash
Apparent size of object: 
About Three foot in diameter
Threefeet
When had bright disappear from view? 
went behind building
How straight up
New up to myga

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. Based on the OCR, the text found in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? June 19, 1967
2. Time of day: 6:30 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Youngstown, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours 0 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 How was time determined? Estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. DAY: Partly Cloudy
b. NIGHT: Clear
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): g. To your left

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
The object was like a flash of light going off.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 14 -

