The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, likely related to a UFO sighting report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD 
1. GROUP
17 Mar 67 2334 7-12
2. LOCATION
PENNSYLVANIA
10. CONCLUSION 
DATA FOR EVALUATION 97 4
9. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Information not sufficient for investigation. (See
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
items).
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6. COURSE
5. PHOTO(S)
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report from Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

B-P-O REPORT
DATE OF SIGHTING--FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1967
TIME- sometime after 7 P.M. and ending at exactly 7:20 P.M.
Occasion- for travel-week-end trip from Summerhill, Pa.
Trip made by automobile - R.P.M. 2,500
Passenger(s)- 2 
Witness- 
Age, sitting on passenger side 
25, behind driver, rear

Comments- No one was using any drugs which would interfere with NORMAL functioning of the senses. Consumption of alcoholic beverages concerned.
A bright, oblong shaped light above Bald Eagle Ridge extremely stationary
looked like it was covered with a veil or mist. Light was "stationery" as long
as it was watched, which was close to 15 minutes. Light began to flash, very fast, perhaps once or twice a second. At one point, it actually split into two lights, each one appearing at the other end of the original light. The original light did not diminish in size or brightness during this time. After a period of flashing, the light seemed to gather itself back together into one entity. It then began to move very slowly away, altitude remaining the same, but distance increasing.
We kept on traveling. The object seemed stationary but after a little while it appeared to dim. I know for sure that it did not disappear instantaneously like turning off a switch, but rather seemed to gradually fade away. 
We were commenting that it must be a U.F.O. because of the behaviors we observed - stationary, flashing, splitting, and final dimming.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

"page 2

We saw a bright light for a while. It was so bright that it almost hurt the eyes to look at it. It was real bright like a flash from a camera and after it disappeared the eyes did not see it immediately again. The light was not steady but it flickered. After the light was out every thing seemed dark. We could see for a while but then everything became dark again.

At this time we continued investigating the entire ship and we were on one side of it and we saw the light again which was real bright and high. We were looking at it and it seemed to be directly behind the trees. That immediately attracted our attention and we started checking the direction of the light. We turned our flashlights in that direction. 

The light was under constant observation from the moment we first saw it. The light, as they came on, did not blink but remained steady.

The light was under constant observation from the moment we first saw it. The two lights did not blink but remained steady.

We several times watched the light and we could tell that it was some kind of object in the sky, one light mixed-up with anything else which could have been a part of the object.

I have made this as plain as I could and I hope I have enclosed information may not be as I want it to be.

I will gladly answer any questions you may have.

Summerhill, Pa."

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page. The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

2.

Started

4. Cot small
Chareaged a ball a
crane

- page 4 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. The diagram depicts two objects in the sky that appear to be unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The objects are labeled "Large light" and "Light turned craft start appear".

Transcription of the text in the document:

Large light
light appear

Light turned
craft start appear

Man

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten sketch or drawing of what resembles a UFO or unidentified aerial object. The sketch shows an elongated, curved shape with several smaller circular shapes or objects attached to it. There is no photograph present in this image.

Dark red light (1) snapped on. (Dark Red
center light turned to wed Dark Red and
Lights did NOT flicker or flash at and

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO TDST/UFO
ATTN OF: 6 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 March 1967

TO: Summerville, Pennsylvania 15958

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for identification evaluation, and analysis of the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a typed letter from the Federal Aviation Agency to the Commanding Officer of the United States Air Force Base in Middletown, Pennsylvania. The letter is dated March 29, 1967 and discusses the enclosure of a report on unidentified flying objects that occurred on March 17, 1967 in Centre County, Pennsylvania.

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
General Aviation District Office
ROOM 201-Administration Building
Harrisburg-York State Airport
New Cumberland, Pennsylvania 17070

In reply refer to:
March 29, 1967

Commanding Officer
Olmsted Air Force Base
Middletown, Pennsylvania 17057

Attention: Lt. Col. Russell

Dear Sir:

Enclosed find two copies of report on Unidentified 
Flying Objects Incident which occurred March 17, 1967, in
Centre County, Pennsylvania.  Please forward this UFO report
to the proper authorities.  Your cooperation in this matter
will be appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

R. E. Tracy
Supervising Inspector

Enclosures - 2

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book report, likely detailing a UFO sighting.

HEADQUARTERS
PENNSYLVANIA STATE POLICE 
MONTOURSVILLE, PA.

FROM: James W. Butterfoss, Jr., Aviation Inspector, P. S. P.
TO: John C. Gray, Capt., Q. Co., Troop "F", P. S. P., Montoursville, PA. 
SUBJECT: UFO (Unidentified Flying Object)
REFERENCE: (A) Signed statement of John Summerhill, Montoursville, Penna. 15995.
ENCLOSURE: Reference (A).

The following is a report of the UFO(Unidentified Flying Object) sighting by John Summerhill, Montoursville, Penna. 15995, on 3 Jan 1967 between 1920-1920 hours:

Complainant reported on 17 Jan 67, between 1900-1920 hours, while driving on Rt. 14 near Spring, Penna., observed an UFO alongside the highway. The UFO appeared to be round, white in color, and about the size of a basketball. It hovered over the highway for a period of about 5 minutes and then moved at a high rate of speed toward the mountain area. 

Check with local Haven airport revealed no local flying activity during this time period.

Original statement forward to PAC (Pennos. Aero. Commission).
Copy of statement forward to Ml-IADO, Harrisburg, Penna.

Respectfully submitted,
James W. Butterfoss, Jr.
Tpr. Avia. Insp., P. S. P.
Montoursville, Pa.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.P.O. REPORT
DATES of sighting - Friday, March 17, 1967
TIME - sometime after 7 P.M. and ending at exactly 7:12 A.M.
Occurred en route - week-end trip from Dunnmorthhill, Pa. to Williamsport, Pa.
Trip made by automobile - passenger car
Passengers: 3 - 29, operator 22, female, girl 12 rear near passenger
Comments: No one using any drugs which would interfere with vision.
Comments: Good eye sight, no color blindness, 20/20 vision. No alcohol consumed.
Bright, oblong shaped light above Bald Eagle Ridge silently approaching, changed color from white to pink, and back to white. It would appear and disappear. We finally came up within a few hundred yards of it and it seemed to go downwards behind a hill. Could not determine distance or size but it was very clear and bright, it made no sound whatever.
We kept on traveling, the object seemed stationary but started to dim and went out. Things actually resembled aircraft in the sky but now instead of a light, a faint silhouette or outline could be seen against the sky, it then suddenly appeared again as a bright, round, pink light. We stopped and got out of the car, it then seemed to move up and down but always staying in one location. It was a very clear night and stars were visible, the object was definitely higher than the stars. We were convinced it must be U.P.O. as it did not resemble any type of aircraft we had ever seen.
We were convinced it must be a U.F.O. because of its speed, its ability to change color and disappear, reappear, move up and down and stay in one location, which we felt was not characteristic of any known aircraft. It must be at least a mile away and yet the light was so bright it seemed close up.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and transcribe the text found in the document:

I will explain the way the lights went on this way--we saw an object from a slight distance that it looked very close as we were watching it. At this time we could see the entire ship and it was dark red in color. This object flew in close to us and hovered. The lights were located directly behind the sharp blue top edge. The entire object was quite bright, illuminated from within. The lights we saw were the object's own lights as it hovered. These lights were so bright they were clearly visible even though the night was very dark. There were two red lights on the top and two red lights on the bottom. The lights stayed on the object for approximately three or four minutes. The lights could not be seen through the object as it was very solid and bright all over. Several commercial planes were spotted right after the object left, indicating that their trail had been broken up by the passage of this strange object. 

I have made this as plain as I could and I have analyzed it as best I could describe it as I want it to be.

I will gladly answer any questions you may have.

Summerhill, Pa.

Report and drawing by: Summerhill, Pa.

- page 11 -

The image contains two sketches or drawings that appear to be part of a report or document. The drawings do not depict any human faces or identifiable individuals.

Extracted text from the document:

Grew out of ground
Started
Got small
Changed color

- page 12 -

The image contains a series of sketches or diagrams, but does not appear to contain any photographic images.

The text output from the OCR system is as follows:

"Viewed 
towards 
orange
light app
ear"

"Large light 
light app
ear"

"Light burns
Craft starts 
appear"

- page 13 -

The image contains a sketch or drawing of a UFO-like object. The sketch appears to show a curved, teardrop-shaped object with several circular markings or lights. There is handwritten text below the sketch that describes the features of the object, including a "dark red light" that "snapped on" and a "center light" that "turned dark red and appeared the same as 1 and". The text also notes that the "Lights did NOT flicker or slash on and".

Dark red light (1) snapped on. (Dark red)
Center light turned Dark Red and appeared the same as 1 and
Lights did NOT flicker or slash of and

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

FROM: James W. Sumerford, Tpr. Aviation Inspector, P. S. P.
TO: John C. Gray, Capt., C. O., Troop "P", P. S. P., Montoursville
SUBJECT: UFO (Unidentified Flying Object)
Reference: (a) signed statement of Jessup L. 15935, Complainant.
Enclosure: Reference (a).

The following is a report of an UFO (unidentified flying object) incident. Complainant Mrs. Jessup L. 15935, Summerhill, Penna. 15958.

The east on 6 Mar 67, between 1900-2020 hours, UFSO (unidentified flying object) reported. Complainant reports that at about 2010 hrs, while she was inside her home, she observed an object in the sky which appeared to be approximately 200 yards parallel to the mountain, in general direction to the west. The object appeared to be about 220 miles from base of mountain and there are no farms or buildings located near this area. Check with tower at Lock Haven disclosed no local flying activity during the time mentioned.

Original statement forward to PAC (Penna. Aero. Commiss.). Copy of statement forward to FAA-GADO, Harrisburg, Penna.

- page 15 -

