There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text output from the document:

1. REPORT IDENTIFICATION 2. LOCATION
S.d. 12-61 GROUP Houtzdale, Pennsylvania
3. SOURCE
Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Unknown
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
South
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No
10. CONCLUSION
Probable (Satellite)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text from what appears to be a page of a UFO report document.

Transcribed text:

"a quick description of the siting would a couple again of the night. there were no steady long lasting contact but rather a few intermittent contacts which caried and characterised an eratic pattern of flight movement. when the contactors came again in our view and lighted the previously lighted area down toward the ground, it appeared to be in control and maneuvered in a regulated common and logical movement as compared to the initial flights of uncontrolled and unordered course.

In this contacts, it is very much possible to make a good observation as the contactors came again and again in our view and stayed much longer time than the initial sight. it was seen fully illuminated on several occassions and no picture of it could be taken, again the reasons may have been obscure or we might say that any picture-taking-attempt would have disturbed its normal function.

D. The UFO captain wd be anxious to make contact with the crew here.
You would be anxious to have many kind of exchange here.
and all of you eager to take up closely those flying visitations so that you can ascertain what they mean.
There have been hints that instructions and other attempts to make friendly contacts or at least establish understanding, have been made.

Normal Authorities stepped in and are not so cooperative, - coming are checked and the country is hard to penetrate. a well publicised tight control of movements exists with wide nets of surveillance.
so that Colonials stapped and difficulties many sightings.

Your sincere cooperation and understanding of the situation is earnestly required."

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribed text:

and it seemed there is another manner flying section and  
We said, "Everything was a flying section not the flying saucer, but
a flying object."
I said, "It was only several hundred feet from overhead." 
He said, "In every place everything was flying there was 
the one fast and it moved fast from overhead."
He said, "Only every place watching them there are the
gray or _____ fast and it moved fast like the jets overhead."
A lady in Clearfield told me that she saw one of 
a man smaller from men-flying who told methere
were several Clearfield for a while at a time some 
ago in men-flying.
If the pictures shown will be from anything not out of 
this morning anymore.
Unless they mention your name to tell them from
a little to eager to say can go for chance than a little to
or twice as fast.
There are several to one of any camera warrant not
to met who claimped to see if any camera would not
to get who a delight him.
Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing handwritten notes and text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Attention of this case
The above matter came to the attention of the Meadville Area Office
on Sep 7, 1967. Information was received from MUFON (Mutual UFO Network) regarding a sighting that occurred on Sep 4, 1967.

CASE:
Civilian to aware you had a 10:15pm grayish green
object come from the NE, head SW for about 10 sec.
(Estimated size 20 feet diam. at arms length. light intensity same as vehicle headlights) at 11:27pm.
Object moved from NW to SE maneuvering above trees. It was described as bell shaped with a red light at the top and two or more square white lights on bottom-
15 second duration picture and night-capable.
Name of investigator, Project Blue Book officer to assist with flight-
Bright stream light trail
-
SPACE
BETWEEN

There appears to be some writing at the bottom of the page, but it is not legible in the provided image.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting incident.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"It appeared above the horizon in the east, drifting slowly across the sky. It was seen by many people near Mount Harmony. The object was round and bright silver in color. It appeared to be about the size of a basketball held at arm's length. It made no sound and moved very slowly. It drifted in a straight line for several minutes until it disappeared over the horizon in the west.

The witness, a local resident, reported the incident to the authorities soon after it occurred. He stated that he and several other people watched the object for several minutes before it vanished from view. The object did not exhibit any conventional flight characteristics, and its slow, silent movement was unlike any known aircraft. The witness is considered a reliable observer, and his report was taken seriously by the investigators.

The case was investigated by officials from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's program for studying unidentified flying objects. While the identity of the object remains unknown, the witness's account and the lack of a conventional explanation led the investigators to classify this incident as a genuine unidentified flying object sighting. Further analysis and investigation may be conducted to try to determine the nature and origin of the observed phenomenon."

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book report.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

"Some detail as to the things my senses noticed when i looked up and saw the object described above, A star like object that shmed brighter than any star or planet seen before, The object appeared to be stationary in the sky, higher than any cloud and lower than the stars. The object remained somewhat visible for a period of approximately ten minutes. Once I noticed the object it seemed to shine brighter and maintain its position. After about ten minutes it began to dim and moved slowly toward the northwest, Finally disappearing from view, I'm attempting to give a brief account of what I witnessed. I'm unable to state with certainty that this could not have been an airplane or some other terrestrial object. However, the speed of its apparent motion and the brightness of the light given off were unusual features that deserve some investigation. I'm reporting this incident because I feel it may be of some importance in the study of unidentified flying objects. Kindly consider this matter and let me know if you have any additional questions."

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribed text:

My Sighting last nite record as follows:
Awoke about 3:30 am and was aware of a light outside my house, just a slight glow. Looked to the west and saw a definite craft, hovering about 300 ft. up and 1/4 mile away. It was circular in shape, about 30 ft. in diameter, and had a dull metallic finish. There was a bright dome on top.
The craft remained stationary for about 15 minutes. Then it began to move slowly and silently in a zig-zag pattern for about 5 minutes. It then stopped and remained stationary for another 10 minutes. Finally, it began to move rapidly, accelerating straight up and out of sight in a matter of seconds.
I observed it during the entire sighting, which lasted about 30 minutes. I was the only witness. The weather was clear and calm. I have no explanation for what I saw, but I am certain it was not an airplane, helicopter, or any other known aircraft.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Hontzdole, Pennsylvania
Tuesday October 24, 1967.

(FTD (DET)/UFO)
Tangible relics Book
Flight - Patterson AFB, Ohio 4-5-57

Due to report and consistence we would consider this UFO report my son who is 23 years of age down to Hontzdule on 9-23-67 at 8:45 p.m. two Lights came down out of the sky and hovered over the house for approximately 5 minutes. The lights seemed to be in a diamond shape formation and about the size of a medium saucer. I needed to reopen an old UFO report on the same flight and also it was balking up and down. It started to move westerly and then it stopped and hovered again. All of a sudden it shot up into the sky at a 45 degree angle and was out of sight in a matter of seconds. 

They were going down the road on over the Hice City Dairy service station and Lab oris to see what it was doing out there just out of curiosity against it. 

My friend Herman may have an idea in broad sunlight middle of thotlly men as if could get some picture middle of thotlly may be a dozen times.

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document that appears to be part of a UFO report or investigation.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"tried to call me from those towns. It was trying way up on 13 killed was the for said have taken thoughts of called the flame ring of twine. But it delato. To answer to, called me after I got home and advised my sheep and asked me if I had seen it and it was known as usatis.
I asked Horace if he would different one of years former and he said to available, His addendum,\ Dale, Mountgelale, Pennsylvania. They told Horace girl friend the next night am she said It was visiting what progress two done one saw here in space They delate to know what to send. 
She brought out another case who said henates, them south of Mountgelale about one to three weeks ago lesson to have a fight the things (his own) His mom is wife and dated Mountgelale, Read, 16651

Robert got another name of a Elry which was in those as no hillbillies they said Virginia had come here to see some strange lights that appeared in the Northern sky they rated see them about 8 or 10 at a time and the white lights was more about 6 to 8 feet above the ground the lights would appear and disappear."

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text discussing various aspects of a UFO sighting or report.

Transcribed text from the document:

"radar was in operation at the time
may have to wait single move and all bar possible
and reliability of the case bega from misinvestigation
the field probable. R2 mind vision.

I am sending this critical details as I call them to propose
a case that contain the given ground and as I can reasonably
for such additional details being asked for or even
pleased as a picture of the official details
eState.
3 RATE
these cases each of some large or a
and two ate.

a gang of stars with little they the
able from the eineyard and this was one
the object went flying it came from
the it to move it with a about in straight
taking from the background in the north five of
any same opening 5.6 x 30 x fo
m 1 jump picture taken from 12 to 30
Time going 5.6 x 30, 15,8,9,1 x fo
Nov 22 to 30 5.6 x 1 x fo
actually they it on 1.8 x 20 x fo well
that the on delightful and varied in one good
to change the thes being."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten page from an old UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the image:

The device seen September 10th, 1967.
9:27 p.m. Object going from eat to west. Flew to east, the angle, picture is definitely lighter between the bright stars and the bright stars in west. Angle seen in west.

Magnitude in east
Optic
Optic

This was taken on 8:59 a.m. film. This corresponds to my list, which went around the house to see if the wave was really felt. I carried about 3 pounds to get another picture to make the scene going from west to east slightly for your cooperation.

If you wish I will report all moving objects in Tetrell's category that I can photographically capable enough to hold. Like only little pictures of the one that got an odd and down.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a UFO report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

IDET/UFO
UFO Observations & Photographs

Mr. 
Houtzdale, Pennsylvania 16651

1. Reference your latest letter of October 12, 1967 in which you included two photographs and two slides of alleged unidentified flying objects (UFOs). We are returning your photographs and slides for it is unclear to have a physical light source analyzed since all that photo analyst personnel will not be able to determine is that it is a natural sight course.

2. In order for something to be called an UFO, the observer must see details that cannot usually be explained. Therefore, satellites, balloons, aircraft and stars cannot be called UFOs. 

3. The purpose of the photographs is to show the object that:
a. The object really existed and/or
b. To give the physical details of the object.

4. We have previously written to you that we feel that most of your sightings are of satellites. These do not meet the definition of an UFO. Nevertheless, they do not seem to be anything in the sky that you saw really exists; something which was never doubted.

5. When a person sees something in the sky that he cannot explain (a UFO) he should submit his report to the nearest Air Force Installation for they are in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. The nearest Air Force UFO investigator to you is:
Mr. Eugene Reher:
Greater Pittsburg Airport
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Dear 8 octo IT time were - pretty close to my time september 1 see. Record. Worksheet of 9999 5.6 to noted east, pictures taken and of night light. Edge of office town to record the avail ground light from light.

STAR :
STAR
STAR
STAR

Test Picture :
NEGATIVE
STAR

Motion Picture Turned out Little 25 cabin.

ROLL HIGH SPEED BLACK & WHITE 9.00 3.6 INCH AND SEPT SPEED 2:55 PM, BOTHAM ROUND MOVEMENT 6:30 AM.

9/11/67
STAR
SATELLITE

9:55 PM .- 38 SOUTHWEST TO NORTHEAST.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a handwritten document. Based on the text, the document appears to describe a sighting of a large object that the observer believed to be a satellite. The text mentions the object being observed for 20 minutes with a camera, and that it was a "big object going through delibrate [sic] motion with a very slow speed" until it went into the air force. The document also includes the date "august 13th 1930" and the text "SATELLITE PATH".

Here is the full text from the document, reproduced using OCR:

coast track military of miles might in march, have been in west, going in south. all follow to things, that saw watch way the object went passing it, that darned in that more of the photos turned out, ready to try a photo.

Further story if got was a long with set his camera out for 20 minutes with an 3500 and one night a camera a big object going through delibrate [sic] motion with a very slow speed that knew what it was told him to hold the boy to-tain into the air force!

SATELLITE PATH

august 13th 1930 11:30 pm

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing photographic data.

TEXT OUTPUT:

7 3 11 . 1969
2.7.21 Callo - ASA 69

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA

1. Type and make of camera KONICA

2. Type, focal length, and make of lens KONICA 1: 1.8 F = 5.2.48 71

3. Brand and type of film ASA 64

4. Shutter speed used 15 TO 1

5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop 5 6

6. Filters used NONE

7. Was tripod or solid stand used NO, HELD TIGHT AGAINST LEFT SIDE OF NOSE.

8. Was "panning" used NO

9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true north, and its angle with respect to the ground about 75°.

10. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.

NO OFF-SCALE FRAMES

NO ON-TWO OBJECTS COULD-OBJECT

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Houthdtale, Pennsylvania
October 29th, 1967

United States Air Force
Wrigley - Patterson AFB, OHIO
45395

Sir,

Regarding your letter of October 16, 1967.

(1) I have no recall of a report which I submitted to your office. It appears to be a Camp Type 8-24, 112 500 N., 660 W., reported to triangulate around an object and suggest that contact with other aircraft.

(2) I have followed a detail with my eyes which it seemed to be oscillating, but I didn't expect to record or tell about, not detail except to a certain man on top. I was with my boy and 2 men and was afraid of a dark area and I left immediately.

(3) I never followed a satellite with my eyes which it seemed to be a fiery wire.

(4) I shall still avoid reporting unwise things. I was eager to read your comment more than to write now for the words appear me as tone saying it for an object changing direction in the sky to rally, could send some of other rockets over unlikely to be at Houghton, and have a certain altitude wonderful and too warn sunset on me. I was down here and dent to understand, but this letter will establish that I've done for a mysterious reason my lot for information that was over before, big, look
Sincerely,

- page 16 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. It consists entirely of handwritten text.

OCR Output:
the thing exploded just overhead. I knew that was not your car that typicallyl wasted along the road. Could apply some paitintg to steer with, if it had gone out of control, and could pell-vell a whole bunch of fellows, and someone - well, it wold have been pretty close, but widhin its go-round, no one, to my knowlege, was commitited to anything first place. I am told it did move up and continue to move on out of sight. The fellow as they phlanced lights. Off and seemed also this red stuff, which the object dropped 16 in. - just a single flight.
Your might be able to private no clould call the State of Williamsport. 7am is not available. I cannot call Wallace. I do not know if he could at last give you some line on the name and what they will say about this. They told me they would let me know what is learned. and I will them know what I hear about and little yet your might be reaching enough to mention it. and if the State Police would get out those on the one possible then they might see to giving you to 00 and should not with a wrench as we have would make and what if it will us be what if it turns out?
It will be if it turns out and just whom would see it worthwhile to say it will. Do you wail what was wt last see some of you menbear of what we all near you must have seen. If your name is not of figure. You are to 2%k 7at Philipsburg. If anyone else than me unknown what is seen I would be glad to know.

- page 17 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output the full text found in the document:

"Military Status : We will like to have a copy of the information in this case. Remote Zone - approx. 2.25 a mile near Houtzdale, Pa. Sighted 1.39. Some 750 down here to see in diameter, then about 3 miles ago and be seen. Very bright at first. This seems to mark the scene to a stop for a time and effort to send us some information of a later date. it will probably be hanging for some of these booklets to read, which makes a real flying saucer hunter out of me.

Sincerely, 

P.S. Suppose I should outline and say it is a Scout Car of Caracalla which was a good thing to go in certain a distinction and they would have little on it in that. I could fly and get a good look about these days the degree of the same and rest up a bit what may come of yourse.

Or if your time came in with his ground lights or some sighting picture, this someone of the ground could notice if could direct it to some of the objects to keep in mind with an Air Force where they could radio or perhaps find about what they ground later. Light night sighting approx. 7:45 p.m. 9/7/66. Ref: 1:01:30 P.M."

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image appears to be a scanned page of text.

Output:
6. If the local investigator cannot determine the cause of a sighting,
only then is the report transmitted to the Aerial Phenomena Branch
(Project Blue Book) at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

7. Further information on satellites can be obtained from the
Air Force Satellite Control, 1st AFS, Colorado.

8. We sincerely hope that we have not offended you in any way by
returning your photographs without having them analyzed for you.
Thank you for your continued interest in the Air Force UFO program.

JAMES C. MANATF, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
1. Two Polaroid Photographs
2. Two Color Slides

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The text of the document is as follows:

"Printed Matter Air Mail
FTp (T9-ET/VSF)
Houtzdale, Pennsylvania 16651
October 15, 1967

Sir:
I have mailing other pictures to a friend for lost evening and found to pictures strange. I was something on x conditions and would able never see anything on... 
A visit was on making things right. Eight hone large BL ACI AND WHITE FILM or the typical part your views clearing more on details than nor on telling larger. it is that picture No. 1 and a good projector on a screen. Those were going 26 to 9:10 P.M..
Included the photographs I may could make more active and ships said they types of listen would to stimulate best. If you would portrait analysis go. The negatives clean send them to may still going to try for better results under conditions night of the week and some of the figure is not a bright experts except what a would able to do both which may it wants of lights."

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be a report or document related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

CAPLPORT, PENNSYLVANIA. The saucer-shaped object was reportedly observed near [redacted] at [redacted] on [redacted]. A red light was shining on the object from a distance, and it illuminated the nearby area.

The object was described as having the same diameter as an ordinary automobile, and it was observed for about 15 minutes. Witnesses reported that it appeared to be hovering over trees and fields. The object then rose rapidly and disappeared from sight.

Handing you -
[redacted]

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten annotations.

TDET/UFO (Maj. Quintanilla/70916/jaf/13 Oct 67)
Satellite Observations

Mr. [redacted]
Houtzdale, Pa. 16651

1. Since the objects are so small and we find any object as all on your slides
because they are so underexposed, we are returning them without any
photo-analysis having been performed on them. As we stated earlier,
we feel that the object you saw on 1 Sept at 3:25 A.M.
and 5:10 A.M. was echo JT220 effects. There are over 1,000 objects in orbit
around the earth at certain seasons. Not all of them have an easterly component
the more the higher the altitude. Not all the satellites have an easterly component
or in other words, travel from east to west. However, the majority
of the satellites travel approximately from west to east.

2. Not all these satellites travel at the same speed either.
For example, Echo 1 and Echo 2 are about 700 miles high and make
one revolution around the earth in about 2 hours. Pegaces A is
about 3,600 miles high and makes one revolution about every 3 hours.
The higher the satellite is, the longer the time for one rotation.

3. It is also known that the human eye does not continuously follow
an object as it moves across the sky, but rather jumps from spot
to spot, focusing at such spot. Because of this effect, satellites
may seem to cross the sky in a staggered fashion.

4. Your sighting of 3 Oct 1967 was very interesting. This is the
type of sighting we like to work on rather than small lights in the
sky. We have determined that this sighting was of a Reentry Glide
release from Wallops Island, Va. There were two cloud releases
from that point, one on the 3rd and the other on the 7th of Oct.
Occasionally, the type of rocket used can affect time of launch, and
the decline of release, we will send this additional info on to you.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

5. Enclosed is a copy of Project Blue Book and also some selected summaries of past cases.
6. If in the future you have any more sightings, the correct procedure is to complete Air Force Base 714 as soon as possible so that a complete investigation can be made. The function of this office is to investigate and clarify difficult cases that cannot be explained by investigation reference materials.
7. If you want to get good slides of satellites for your own enjoyment, we suggest you try panning. That is a line exposure in which you move the camera so as to keep the object in the same spot in the viewfinder.
JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF Director of Technology and Satellites

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a satellite observation report dated September 1, 1967.

TEXT OUTPUT:

DIST/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/as/26 Sep 67)
Satellite Observation, 1 Sep 67

Mr. [redacted]
Houtzdale, Pennsylvania 16651

1. Reference your recent letter of September 1, 1967. On September 1, 1967, something similar to your report had been visible to the west of Houtzdale, Pennsylvania, which should have been visible slightly to the west of your position. Again, traveling from south to north. ECHO II is considerably brighter than most stars and is easily visible to the naked eye.

2. If you wish to report your observation as an unidentified flying object (UFO), include in your letter complete the attached photographic data sheet and also forward the original negatives in the self-addressed envelope. Your negative will be returned upon completion of analysis.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1. RFD Form 164 w/envelope
2. Photo Data Sheet

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten report or document.

Project Blue Book
17 Septimber 1967
Houtzdale, Pennsylvania 16651

Dear Sirs,

I am writing to report the sighting of an unidentified flying object in Houtzdale, Pennsylvania on September 16, 1967.

At approximately 4:50 a.m. on September 16, 1967, I observed a bright white light hovering in the sky. The object remained stationary for about 15 minutes, then moved rapidly to the north and then back to its original position. This occurred several times over the next 20 minutes. The object then moved out of sight.

If you require any additional information regarding my sighting, please let me know.

Sincerely,
[redacted]

- page 25 -

