The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will now produce all the text found in the document:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION
Murfreesboro, North Carolina
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 - 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Object
7. COURSE
Stationary
8. VISUAL DETAILS
Object was like a bright star and about twice as bright as Venus. Object grew larger, stay that way for a few seconds, then grew dim and looked away for a moment and then bright again. Object was stationary most of the time but appeared occasionally to move in a small location.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, and it does not contain any photographs. The page includes a sketch and instructions for drawing a picture to demonstrate the motion and direction of an observed object or objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with text and form fields filled out. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
    31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
    31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    NAME P. F. C. HAROLD P. NICHOLS
    ADDRESS Atlantic, N. C.
    TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 19 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    15 Feb 1967

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page displays a form with various fields, including "Date you completed this questionnaire", "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting", and others. The page is blank, indicating that no additional information or details have been filled out on this particular form.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17 March 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

SUBJECT: UFO Observation - 14 Feb 67

TO: Morris, North Carolina 27910

Reference your unidentified object sighting. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. We need additional data on the sighting from 16th and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

ROBERT C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Project Blue Book Information Office
Washington, D.C. 20330

Gentleman: 
A report was made of what I would call a "flying object" at 9:15 p.m. - The time I saw it was 3:30 a.m. 4/19/67. The object, according to the report, was very low and seemed to be traveling at a fast rate of speed between 6:00 and 6:30 a.m. The object was observed by several people in the Murfreesboro, North Carolina area. It is difficult to tell what the object was, as it seemed to be changing directions and altitude very rapidly. It is assumed to be a strange phenomenon of some kind. I saw the object and I can assure you it was a real object - not a star or planet. When I turned to look at it, it disappeared from view within a very short time. I had a red flashlight and I tried unsuccessfully to get the object to hover and let me look at it more closely, but it would not. I am convinced it was not an airplane, helicopter, or other known object. I am reporting this incident for whatever it may be worth.
Sincerely, 
[Signed] 1/64

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document or report. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will transcribe all the text found in the document:

"When the object at night,
as illustrated, was seen far away it was about the size of a full moon. The other
few stars that one could see at
the time. The object did seem to make
a sound that I could hardly describe. I believe
it was about 300 yards above the
horizon. It is impossible to give the
exact conditions or measurements or conditions or the other
factors involved. The object was a perfect
lighting up and get thought brighter
extremely bright, and not move it
all in appearance. I can't give very details on
it as I can compare it to anything
seen before. I have had experience
people with regard to my obectivity as
they know I do not go into extremes and make more
of things than there actuality is."

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Text extracted from the image:

And a object in the state of North Carolina in the country of New Hanover and a large object in the night sky over Lumberton North Carolina over an extended period of time. All witnesses believed the object to be a large glowing object of mine material that was well below 1000ft in altitude. Near the object there appeared to be a smaller object or objects in formation with the larger object. The objects appeared to have no windows or visible markings but the larger object seem toshine extremely bright. The smaller objects in formation with the larger object would dart in and out of the larger object in an erratic and rapid pattern. All witnesses were amazed and scared at what they were witnessing but continued to observe it for over an hour. The objects finally moved rapidly out of sight to the northwest. All witnesses signed sworn affidavits to verify the event. Apparently a government agent arrived at the site the next day to investigate.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire related to the sighting of an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information that you provide will be used only in connection with any further investigation, research, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information only to the extent it is deemed necessary, and the data will be safeguarded for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 14 Feb 1967
2. Time of day: 6:00 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific E. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Murfreesboro Murfreesboro North Carolina
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 0 Minutes 25 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? It was just an estimate
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT A. Bright B. Hazy C. Cloudy D. Clear E. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what appears to be an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Same
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull or reduced light
c. Obscured or pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light

11. IF A SELF-LUMINOUS LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: It was about as bright as Venus.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
d. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
e. Change shape? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
f. Make any sound? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
g. Leave a trail? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 10 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object appeared to just disappear rapidly from view, as if it had been turned off or moved away very quickly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no particular sound, just a bright light
b. Color: the object was a bright white or silvery light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how many degrees of arc would the object have subtended? The object subtended an arc of approximately 3-4 degrees, appearing to be about 3-4 times the size of a match head held at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction of arrow.
The handwritten note states: "and stationary most of time, as that was the position of this particular object".

OCR output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object appeared to just disappear rapidly from view, as if it had been turned off or moved away very quickly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no particular sound, just a bright light
b. Color: the object was a bright white or silvery light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how many degrees of arc would the object have subtended? The object subtended an arc of approximately 3-4 degrees, appearing to be about 3-4 times the size of a match head held at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction of arrow.
The handwritten note states: "and stationary most of time, as that was the position of this particular object".

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text related to a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    (No)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    (No) 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. In a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Glasses     Yes    (No)
b. Sun glasses    Yes    (No)
c. Windshield    Yes    (No)
d. Window glass    Yes    (No)
e. Telescope    Yes    (No)
f. Binoculars    Yes    (No)
g. Other    Yes    (No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A round white object, the approximate size of the object i saw,

- page 12 -

