The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 9:30 P.M. 22/10/1967
2. LOCATION: Route 48 near Lebanon, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (Venus) R.O.
Object was an extremely large bright light which descended from object. Object appeared to be 120 deg. elevation at start of observation. Object did not disappear while observer was watching.
7. COURSE: 258 (Stationary)
8. PHOTOS: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book report. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Still
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No)   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No)   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   No Sound
b. Color   White Light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Very little covered - about 5-10 inches in size from where the observer was standing

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not try to show the direction the object was moving.
OBJECT NOT SIGHTED CLEARLY ENOUGH TO DRAW

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Circle One: Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? No speed
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Circle One: Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2-5 miles
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open country side?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest. 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses (Yes/No), b. Sun glasses (Yes/No), c. Windshield (Yes/No), d. Window glass (Yes/No), e. Binoculars (Yes/No), f. Telescope (Yes/No), g. Theodolite (Yes/No), h. Other
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: Large light bulb with streamer running from it.

- page 4 -

The image contains a sketch and a compass diagram, but no photograph.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the compass bearing where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass to show the compass bearing where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

No motion involved

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. 

Just one object

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. No.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
- Name redacted 
- Name redacted

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
Name redacted
Address redacted
Telephone Number redacted
Sex M

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Reported to City 2-7-1962

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 Sept 77
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: NONE

- page 7 -

