There is no photograph contained in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a form that includes various fields such as date, time, location, conclusion, and physical evidence. The text in the form is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 MAR 67 21/02272
2. LOCATION: Moss Bluff, Florida
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE
7. COURSE: Southeast-East
8. PHOTOS: [] Yes [X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [X] Yes [] No

FTD SEP 43 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a sketch diagram with various angles and instructions for the witness to follow.

The text from the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the horizon where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the horizon where you last saw the object. Show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that i they moved.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old report document from Project Blue Book, likely related to a reported UFO sighting.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before?
East of winter,gaster, west a Virginia cigar-shaped.

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: 
Orihairia, Florida

Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS: Belleview
TELEPHONE NUM: [redacted]
AGE: 16
SEX: M
I have been an amateur astronomer for years.

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
REPORT: 4-7-67
Day Month Year

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

"34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 March 19 67"
"35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: We had a movie camera and shot part of the film of the UFO when we flashed a car light and a flash light at the object, then that it disappeared."

- page 4 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document says:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO                                11 May 67

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

TO: Belleview, Florida 32620

Reference your unidentified observation. The information we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the envelope provided.
to the Air Force. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio.

Dear sir:

I would like to report a UFO sighting Danny Harber and I made a month ago.

It was about 8:00 p.m. We watched it for about 3 minutes near Moss Bluff, Florida. It was a clear night with a full moon about 80 to 85 degrees above the horizon. It was just one object. It appeared solid, like a sketch of it:

[Sketch]

It was moving three times as fast as a plane. It gave off a bright glow.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a handwritten document containing text describing an observation or sighting.

The text of the document is as follows:

"a large part of Navy field glasses, chances to observe. There was not a close approach. It seemed that the object that much. Crane had not caught view).

There was a little wind but the fact traveled against it. It appeared from southeast. I west it move behind some trees.

was about 3/4 mile from as. It moved northly to of Barna is was backing in direction. The grabbing more camera and started shooting. I took in and set the telescope which had a 50x
ens. Itas was a very bright orange and gave continuous move. Both of us watched it through telescope, field glasses and movie camera. All the while taking pictures of it. After a while when it disappeared I couldn't see any. It stopped two or three times, right in mid air.

There was absolutely around. It sharply continued and returned to be far more than around. It was self luminous at the time it is back toward us. The thing was about the size of a softball."

- page 7 -

The image contains a handwritten letter that describes an observation of a UFO sighting. It does not contain any photographs. The text of the letter is as follows:

"moved vertical to horizon, then rose again, dropped suddenly and lights went out completely, rose several degrees, came on again, shot straight up and was gone. Appeared to the size of a pencil holding pattern length. No one on the scene before or after the sighting.

your address is _ _._ Mildana, Florida.

We are students of the High School in ___."

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will not be used in connection with any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that it is deemed necessary. 

1. When did you see the object? 26 MAR 1967
2. Time of day: 2:00 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MOSS BLUFF MARINA
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 MINUTES
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WHEN FIRST SIGHTED LOOKED AT WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions and options for the respondent to select.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Numerous
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Tail lights of car at 300 ft

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes   No   Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes   No   Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes   No   Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes   No   Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes   No   Don't know

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The handwritten response states: "it seemed to become very dim, then disappeared"

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The handwritten response for "Yes" is circled.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The handwritten response for "In front of" is circled.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Brilliant orange/glow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a match. If you had performed this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The handwritten response states: "about the size of the full moon"

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include the size of the object they you saw such as wings, projections, etc. and especially indicate the direction the object was moving.
The image includes a hand-drawn sketch showing the object moving northeast.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It seemed to become very dim, then disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
In front of

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Brilliant orange/glow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a match. If you had performed this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about the size of the full moon

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include the size of the object they you saw such as wings, projections, etc. and especially indicate the direction the object was moving.
(Sketch showing object moving northeast)

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) YES - If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 572/10.7 mph
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) YES - If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? one half mile
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One) c. Outdoor
23. Were you (Circle One) c. In open countryside?
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) c. East
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes b. Sun glasses Yes c. Windshield Yes d. Window glass Yes
26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as that which you observed.

Two dinner plates, placed one on top of lip to lip.

- page 12 -

