The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. TIME GROUP: 19-1537 Z 11/6/67
2. LOCATION: Redwood City, California 
3. CONCLUSION: DASC 55 (FAA AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL)
4. NATURE OF OBJECTS: 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not available
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: South
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: The witness stated that the object appeared to be a plane. The object began to climb at a 35 degree angle. The object appeared to approach and then pass over the observer at a high rate of speed. The shape of the object was like a light and it had a distinctive sound of its own.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" with various fields for collecting information about a sighting of an unidentified object.

OCR output:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much
information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.
Please fill out this form completely and return it promptly. The facts which you provide may be important, and we request your full cooperation. We do not want your name, and no connection will be made between you and any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information in order to obtain further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day 12 Month 1 Year 67

2. Time of day:
Hours 21 Minutes 10 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Daylight-Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Street Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours 30 Minutes 0 Seconds 0

6. Was object:
a. Stationary b. Moving

5.1. How was object first determined?
A. Just saw it

5.2. Was there any change in speed?
Yes No Why yes or no? 

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Clear a. Clear
b. Partly Cloudy b. Partly Cloudy
c. Overcast c. Overcast 

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right

FTD G-FIS 154 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 81, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "ORCE UFO FORM" which contains a series of questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified flying object.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

9. What was the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Clouds
b. Hazy 
c. Light rain
d. Foggy
e. Raining
f. Think heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Stationary
b. Stopped
c. Moved
d. Vapor

11. If it appeared on a light, was it brighter than the brighest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to same common object:

13. The edges of the object were: (Circle One for each question)
a. Sharply defined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No/Don't know 
b. Break up into parts or explode? Yes/No/Don't know
c. Change in brightness? Yes/No/Don't know
d. Suddenly appear and disappear? Yes/No/Don't know
e. Other: 

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions about an unidentified object.

OCR output:

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it, or not?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of anything at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -
b. Color -

18. We each see the answer the same way. Hold a match in line with the object and note its apparent length in line with the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how long would the object have appeared compared to the match?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details, such as wings, tail, exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the sketch to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form titled "UFO form continued" with various questions and answer choices related to the sighting of a UFO object.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. What condition was the object in when you first saw it? (Circle One)
a. Inside d. Stationary 
b. Outside e. Moving 
c. In a car f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a residential area?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Over the water?
f. Flying over your country?
g. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions. (Circle One)
24.1 What direction were you moving? a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 What was your speed in miles per hour? 
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
b. Car window Yes No g. Binoculars Yes No
c. Airplane window Yes No h. Theodolite Yes No
d. Windshield Yes No i. Other
e. Mirror Yes No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, please describe in your own words the appearance of the object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with diagrams and instructions related to the observation and reporting of unidentified flying objects.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the course line to show how high the object was above the horizon (in degrees) when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the course line to show how high above the horizon (in degrees) the object was when you last saw it. Draw an arrow to show the path the object took as it passed. (Draw this path so it will appear to pass when you first saw the object.)
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
30. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PIF form continued
Have you ever seen this, or a similar, object before? (If to your attention or the attention of the news media)
Was anyone with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes No
If yes, did they also see the object? (Circle One): Yes No
Please list their names and addresses.
Please give the following information about yourself:
Last Name: [REDACTED] First Name: [REDACTED] Middle Name: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE [REDACTED]
Age: 14 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? DATE: 6-3-'4 TO: (Circle One) Police, Military, News Media, Other [ILLEGIBLE]

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains an "Official U.S. Air Force" header and a large blank space, likely for the inclusion of a photograph or other visual information. However, there is no photograph present in this particular image.

Official U.S. Air Force
2.I. Date you completed this questionnaire:
3.2. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text, but there is no visible photograph or image included.

Text transcribed from the image:

Dear Sir:
On the evening of February 17, 1967, a neighbor and I were outside and noticed 3 bright lights in the western sky. They appeared to be about 5 miles away. They were weaving and darting about, not in any regular pattern, but seemed to be hovering most of the time. After watching them for about 15 minutes, they suddenly disappeared. One minute they were there and the next minute they were gone.
Could you please advise me as to a way of reporting this sighting and getting some information on it.
Thank you.
[Signature redacted]

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present, but the page contains text and markings.

The text on the image includes:

FIRST CLASS
17401
"RROJECT BLUE BOOK"
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AF, OHIO
DAYTON, OHIO 
4T433

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

TEST (UFO) maj quintanilla/ 75315, sha's Jan 68
UFO Observation & Photograph

Lancaster, Pennsylvania 17601

Please have your letter in which you included enlargements of 
two Polaroid prints. Your photographs are being returned to you 
without any analysis while your letter is forwarded separately 
on 1 August 1967.

EUGENE QUINT ANILLA, JR, Major, USAF
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document.

Text extracted from the image:

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
USAF Project Bluebook
4465 Timber Drive
Dayton, 0 hio 
This is a report which myself and several others sighted near Redwood City, California on the evening of February 8, 1967.
Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

TEXT: USO (Maj) Quintanilla/79916/1 Aug 67/DAS
UFO OBSERVATION, FEBRUARY 1967

Lancaster, Pennsylvania 17601
Reference your recent correspondence in which you mentioned your unidentification of a UFO observation 1967 and our agreement therefor. Additional information is required to perform a scientific investigation. Request you complete the enclosed photographic data sheet and return form 153 and return them with your original report in order that we can proceed with the analysis toward findings.

G. SALAS C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF 
Director of Technology and Subsystems
1. Attach Report and Data Sheet
2. Photo Data Sheet

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official U.S. Air Force questionnaire form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" with various fields to be filled out. The form appears to be designed to gather information about sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as completely and accurately as possible. The information thus obtained will be of great value in our continued study of this problem, and, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the subject?
2. Time of day: Hours Minutes 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the subject?
5. How long was subject in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes No
5.2 Was subject in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy 
7. If you saw the subject during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the subject? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as completely and accurately as possible. The information thus obtained will be of great value in our continued study of this problem, and, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the subject?
2. Time of day: Hours Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the subject?
5. How long was subject in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes No
5.2 Was subject in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the subject during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the subject? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire titled "ORCE UFO FORM" that is used to collect information about UFO sightings.

ORCE UFO FORM

2. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
3.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. Same, d. Don't remember. 
3.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Full moon, c. Crescent, d. Don't remember.

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
9.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Few, c. Partly cloudy, d. Overcast, e. Don't remember.
9.2 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Calm, b. Windy, c. Rain, d. Fog, e. Hazy, f. Don't remember.

10. The object appeared: 10.1 Solid (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Metallic, c. Don't remember. 

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know. b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know.

- page 15 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes		No		Don't know.	If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):	Yes	No	Don't know.	If you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:
b. Color: 
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length with a known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? What was the known object and how much of it was covered?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as color, number, etc., and especially show trails or shapes trails or shapes that may have been seen. Please make as accurate a sketch as possible to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a form titled "UFO form continued" with various questions and checkboxes.

UFO form continued

20. Do you think the object was metallic in appearance? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what color would you estimate? ____________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airport (fly in)?
e. Other: _____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airport (fly in)?
e. Other: _____________________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North South East West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Windshield glass Yes No
f. Other ___________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you have describe to you own words, would you sketch the object as closely as you can to the way it appeared to you? (Such a sketch, no matter how rough, would be extremely helpful.)

- page 17 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions. There is no photograph present in this image.

OCR output:

Official U.S. Air Force
33. 08 foLlowing sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the ground line to show how high the object 
appears above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same 
point on the compass when you lost sight of the object.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Give a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire-style form with various questions and fields for the respondent to fill out.

20. Have you seen more than this, or a similar object before? Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
33. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Initial 
ADDRESS City Zone State
TELEPHONE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official U.S. Air Force document with a space for information about a UFO sighting. The document has a heading that says "Official U.S. Air Force" and a section where the person filling out the form can provide information about the date they completed the form and the specific details of the UFO sighting.

Here is the text output from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ___ Day ___Month ___Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

21 April 1967

Analysis of Inorganic Compound

Major Kenneth E. Becker
ANALYTICAL OFFICE OF INFORMATION
Los Angeles, California 90028

1. Reference your letter of 14 February 1967 in which you
forwarded a physical specimen for chemical and metallurgical
analysis.

2. X-ray emission spectroscopy revealed the presence of aluminum, boron, calcium, copper, iron, magnesium, phosphorus, sodium, and calcium were also found. It is suspected that the specimen was the aftermath of some pyrotechnical display, possibly some types of fireworks.

3. Request that you inform the local citizen of our results. There was no evidence disclosed to indicate the material was extraterrestrial in nature.

FOR THE COMMANDER
JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

DATE 17 FEB 67 
AGENCY U.S. AIR FORCE 
PROJECT NO. 10282
TITLE SPECIAL ANALYSIS OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENON
DESCRIPTIONI OF WORK MAKE SPECIAL ANALYSIS OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENON CONTAINED
IN CERTAIN CASES.
DISTRIBUTION 1. L. KOLARIK                  IS APPROVED BY
2. MAJOR MCCLURE      (Signature)
3. DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK
4. LT. COL. HAMPTON
5. LT. QUINTANILLA
11 JANUARY 1967 DATED

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document page from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

Our 14 siter was only 400 yards away. I saw a light 2911 - 3530 in direction of but for the frame. Also say their 311 - 62 - 1855 etc.

Sunday 3 x 13

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be an Analysis Test Report from Project Blue Book.

ANALYSIS TEST REPORT
SUBJECT: Analysis of unidentified material
TEST NO: 25
SUBMITTED BY: Lt Col L. C. Duder
DATE RECEIVED: 7 dec 67
PURPOSE: To analyze the unknown material
FACTUAL DATA:
1 a very strange material appeared dry the to be 5 and 6 1/4 by 1/4 the present
2 It has a dull different color gave a very complete
pattern that could vary by vaporized
4 The unknown samples were analyzed and appeared to be
mostly the invisible sample was a complex
mixture what seemed to be of organic material and some
metallic component is unusual a range of its appearance and composition is
shown when a sample was heated below 500 C it became
distorted and partially melted a higher temperature
caused it to burst into flame and almost completely
disappear leaving a negligible residue the color
flame was yellowish green
CONCLUSIONS:
Upon analysis this material does not have the characteristics of any known substance. Further investigation is necessary.
DATE REPORTED: 26 6 67 SIGNATURE: [redacted]
ASD 7Z30 63

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

SUBORDER

TITLE: MADE CHEMICAL ANALYSIS OF INORGANIC COMPOUND

ARC TYPE, MODEL AND SERIAL NO.: LC-102 1-23

DESCRIPTION OF WORK: MADE CHEMICAL ANALYSIS OF INORGANIC COMPOUND.

INITIATED BY: WILLIAM F. MARLEY

DATE: 2-7-67

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an "ANALYSIS TEST REPORT" document from Project Blue Book.

ANALYSIS TEST REPORT
SUBJECT: TRANSCRIPT CAPTION
TEST NO.: 316 
SUBMITTED BY: W. B. Mager
PURPOSE: Foreign Space Device
FACTUAL DATA:
Sr - - Principle Element
Li - - 1.0 - .0 % 
Ba - - 16 - 10 %
Cr - - 1 - 2 %
Ni - - .07 - .05 %
Sr - - .04 - .05 %
Mg - - .15 - .225 %
Fe - - .27 - .22 %
B - - .002 - .001 %
CONCLUSIONS:
DATE RECEIVED: APRIL 17, 1967
SIGNATURE: (Signature)

- page 26 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which seems to be a report or letter.

The text in the document is as follows:

REPORT-1A

14 Feb 67

Major H. H. Quintanilla, Jr.
426 Operation Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Request your office analyze the enclosed material and furnish this
office with information on results.

The material was turned in to this office by a local citizen who
reports that it burned holes through leaves and branches of a tree
in his back yard as it fell, and apparently landed on the roof of his
house.

Any information you can provide will hopefully aid this office in
giving the gentleman who turned in the material some logical
explanation.

KENNETH E. BECKER
Major USAF
Chief, Public Affairs Division

- page 27 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this scanned document page from Project Blue Book. The page contains only text.

OCR text output:
TO: DOCUMENT CONTROL
SUBJECT : UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT 7 FEB 67. 2 -LBS SIGHTING
1. Attached report 15 forwarded for your information.
2. No other action taken. 
FOR THE COMMANDER:
KENNETH H. KILLHESS, LT COL, USAF
CHIEF, INTELLIGENCE DIVISION
DEPUTY COMMANDANT
USAF, BASE
REDWOOD CITY, CALIFORNIA

- page 28 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a black and white image of an envelope or document with some redactions made to obscure certain information.

OCR Text Output:
_________________________________________________________________

- page 29 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows a black and white image of an envelope or piece of paper with handwritten text that appears to be an address or message.

15211 Carollton
Glendora Martin 
U.S.A.

- page 30 -

The image contains a document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION", which appears to be a questionnaire or report form related to an unidentified aerial phenomenon sighting. The form has various fields for the observer to fill out details about the sighting, including the date, time, location, duration, and characteristics of the observed object.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE
This questionnaire has been designed to obtain
information on possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena. The
information you provide be useful in analyzing the factors leading to what you have
observed. All reports are evaluated carefully without your permission. We request this personal information so
that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 2. Time of day:
Day: February 25th 1967 Hours: 5:20
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central 
c. Mountain 
d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Redwood City, California
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain c. Not sure 
b. Estimate 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
YES
6. What was the condition of the sky?
CLEAR
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
Behind the observer to the right

TIO OCS EC 1964

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a typed form titled "FORCE UFO FORM". I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document:

FORCE UFO FORM

6. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice about the MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One)
b. MOON 
c. None

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Partly cloudy
c. Hazy or light fog
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid 
b. As a light
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Clear, sharply defined
b. Slightly blurred
c. Very blurred

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?            Yes        No        Don't know
b. Make any sudden or abrupt change in speed or direction? Yes        No        Don't know
c. Change brightness?                                          Yes        No        Don't know
d. Change shape?                                               Yes        No        Don't know
e. Disappear and reappear?                                    Yes        No        Don't know

- page 32 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a form with various questions about a reported UFO sighting, as well as a space for the witness to draw a sketch of the object's movement.

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Slowly, gradually disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
c. Size
d. Shape

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object was covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall. This may be a front, side, or any other view that will best illustrate the object. Indicate the direction the object was moving.

The text in the document has been accurately transcribed.

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

As regards the shape, it was all right in color, not like a light gray, but it had a metallic sheen. The shape was like a light [word illegible], thin elongated, seemed to be hovering or maneuvering.

Weather Conditions - Temp. was around fifty degrees, very slight winds, and a hazy slightly clarity.

About the object - Color was whitish, what appeared to be very thin outline, seemed self illuminated, no signs of projection or wings attached, just one solid object, that moved at a very high rate of speed.

Speed: Extremely fast.

Distance - Extremely fragile, uncertain distance.

We observe: Our house exterior on kitchen side, only saw object for a few seconds.

Concerning - The object looked like an extremely bright silver or gold in color, seemed to be rotating, or had flashing effects on the outer edge. We did not hear any sound.

Other remarks: No camera available.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a scanned document page from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a UFO sighting report form with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If your answer is YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Outside a building
c. Outdoors
d. In an automobile (type)
e. Other: _____________________________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area/countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other: ____________________________________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you going? (Circle One) a. North b. South c. East d. West
24.2 How far were you moving? ___________ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One)
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Telescope Yes No
c. Camera Yes No
d. Windshield Yes No
e. Goggles Yes No
f. Other: _____________________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects and other features o

- page 35 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not appear to contain any photographs, but rather consists of various diagrams and instructions related to the sighting and reporting of unidentified aerial objects.

The text output from the document is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Please on "A" on the compass line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass line when you last saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document is a form titled "UFO form continued" and contains various fields for the witness to fill out, such as personal information, details about the sighting, and when the sighting occurred.

UFO form continued
Page 4
Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date and details.
Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? Circle One: Yes No
If you answered YES, did they see the object too? Circle One: Yes No
Please give the following information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE:  [REDACTED]  AGE: [REDACTED]  SEX: MALE
If there is any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
To whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: [REDACTED]  Month: [REDACTED]  Year: [REDACTED]

- page 37 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, with a form that has handwritten text filling out the questionnaire.

OCR output:

Official U.S. Air Force Use
33. Date you completed this questionnaire: "4 March "68"
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a corrective explanation of your feelings:

The light was observed for a period of about 10 minutes as it moved from the northeast to the southwest and appeared to descend at times. It was round in shape, about the size of a star, and had a bright whitish-yellow light. It did not appear to be an aircraft or a satellite. At times it would appear to stop and hover and then continue on its course. I have been interested in this subject for some time and I feel that this sighting was that of an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

23 May 1957

Dr. ----
Mankota, Saskatchewan, Canada

Dear Sir,

A wish to thank you for your conscientious report of the unidentified flying object that you observed during the winter, and until may 7, 1957. Your report has been forwarded to higher headquarters for further evaluation. It is necessary they may come to you.

Sincerely,

Lt.Col. Kenneth P. Kilness
Chief, Intelligence Division
Deputy Commander for Operations

- page 39 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an official U.S. Air Force technical information form used for reporting unidentified aerial object sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, calculations, or publications made from this material. The normal information is as follows:

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
6.1 How was time in sight determined?
6.2 Was object in sight continuously? 
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you and the object?

The form is filled out with handwritten responses to the questions, but the personal details have been redacted.

- page 40 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image. Instead, the image shows a form titled "ORCE UFO FORM" that contains questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out regarding their UFO sighting.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

6. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One:)

a. More
b. Less 
c. Same
d. Don't remember

9.2 MOON (Circle One:)

a. Bright moonlight-full 
b. Bright moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One:)

a. Clear
b. Partly cloudy
c. Heavy clouds
d. Fog, mist, or light rain 
e. Observing conditions hazy/poor
f. Snow
g. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) A. a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Indistinct

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One:)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One:)a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharper than a star
c. Don't know

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
A. Appear to stand still or move? Yes No Don't know
B. Suddenly speed up and dash away at any time? Yes No Don't know
C. Speed up gradually? Yes No Don't know
D. Zig-zag? Yes No Don't know
E. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
F. Pulsate? Yes No Don't know
G. Break up into parts? Yes No Don't know

- page 41 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a filled-out form from the U.S. Air Force regarding a UFO sighting. The form includes various questions about the observed object, such as its behavior, appearance, and characteristics. The witness has provided handwritten responses to these questions, describing the object as making a wavering, swaying motion. There is also a sketch area where the witness has drawn a representation of the observed object.

Official U.S. Air Force
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes (circle one) 		No 		Don't know

If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(circle one) Yes 	No 	Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what: Moved in front of and behind clouds

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Wavering, swaying - sound like wind
b. Color: Yellow - White lights follower

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length and note how much of the known object's length it will cover. The known object's actual length in feet at the time of the sighting. How much of this length would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. (Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, tail, etc., and specifically indicate the color of any lights and their location on the object).
[A hand-drawn sketch of the object is shown]

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that includes a form with various questions and answers.

UFO form continued

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One):    Yes   No
If you answered "YES", then what speed would you estimate?  ABOUT 500 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One):   Yes   No
If you answered "YES", then how far away would you say it was?   ABOUT 15 MILES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. In the house
              b. In a car
              c. In an airplane (Type)
              d. At work
              e. Other Onramp

23. Where was the object in relation to a city?
(Circle One):   a. In the immediate vicinity of a city
                b. In the direction of a city
                c. In open country
                d. Over a city
                e. Flying over open country
                f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):   N      S      E      W
24.2 What speed were you making?                    MPH
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?  Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Circle applicable answers):   a. Binoculars     Yes    No
                              b. Still camera    Yes    No 
                              c. Movie camera    Yes    No
                              d. Telescope        Yes    No
                              e. Windshield       Yes    No
                              f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object, its size, shape, color, and motion, as you recall them:
A plate with ridge and upside down

- page 43 -

The image contains a diagram with instructions for sketching observations of an unidentified flying object. The diagram includes an illustration of a hypothetical object and a compass rose. However, there is no photograph present in this particular page.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve line to show how high the object appeared above the horizon. Draw a line from "A" to show the direction the object took. Place a "B" on the curve line to show the elevation of the object when you first saw it. Place a "C" on the curve line to show the elevation of the object when you last saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, 6 "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.  
29. If you saw the object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were oriented, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Conducting OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

Appearance - wind as thought a "draft" as they lifted off very straight and strong winds to lift and move the craft. Complete reading - with case drawing. People searched - residential, Redwood City, Calif. Redwood City, Calif. Redwood City, Calif. My home is at Resident City, very near the location where the object was observed may believe one second seen the object for approximately 4-5 minutes and I observed more than I have ever seen before. Hovering motionless in the Redwood City area, 10:00 PM or 12:00 when I first observed the object could well compare to the size of a automobile, brightly lit underneath. An conclusion - not quite positive, just the impression given, that this object could not be classified as a normal aircraft.

- page 45 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form titled "UFO form continued" that contains various questions and fields to be filled out.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date & location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered "Yes", who were they? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]
33. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
23. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [Redacted]

- page 46 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather shows a form with the title "Official U.S. Air Force" at the top. The form appears to be a questionnaire or survey, with some empty fields for filling out information.

OCR Output:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  /_/  /_/ /_/
   Day  Month  Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the
questionnaire or a narratire, explanation of your sighting.

- page 47 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing only text.

INSUFFICIENT DATA
(30) CIRCUIT SATELLITE TRACKING DURING COUNTING
RANGE 1 - 4.55 PR 67 NE (N-SE)
RANGE 2 - 5.03 PR 48 NE (N-SE)

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an old report form or document related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) investigation.

Textual content from the document:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP. Answers will be published by NICAP in its regular bulletin only with your permission.

1. Name: Redhead Richard
Address: 54 Davidson Street
Redwood City, California
Telephone Number: DA 6-1467
2. Date of Observation: February 8, 1967
3. Location of Observation: Redwood City, California
4. How long did you see the object? 3 Minutes
5. Please describe the conditions and the type of sky; location, time, date, etc. Clear night, full stars.
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: Moon.
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, what were the light conditions? Moonlight.
8. Where were you in relation to the object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating the direction.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or simply as a source of light; was it revolving, etc.? Bright, round object.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? Yes.
11. How did its brightness compare with the stars, moon, headlights, etc.? Seemed brighter than stars.
12. Did the object(s) — 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Seemed to move slowly.
b. Move in a straight line? Yes.
c. Vary in speed? Yes.
d. Perform any type of maneuver? Unknown.
e. Leave any visible trail? No.
f. Break up or explode? No.
g. Change shape? No.
13. Did it (they) disappear suddenly or gradually, or behind of anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.
14. Was the object(s) at any time partially or completely obscured by clouds, buildings, or other obstructions? If so, please give direction and speed.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, window, screen, etc.? No.
16. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) — 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Simply a point of light

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a text-based document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

What was the object?
a. Self-luminous?
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting?
d. Transparent?

Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Oscillated

Tell the apparent and exact sizes of the object(s) when compared to known objects or scenes.
a. Pinhead
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Basketball
f. Silver dollar
g. Orange
h. Grapefruit
i. Large

Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? Walking home

Where were you and what were you doing at the time you first noticed the object(s)? Walking home at night

How did the object(s) disappear from view? Disappeared behind trees

Describe the motion of the object(s) from the time you first saw it until it disappeared. Moved across sky, then disappeared behind trees

Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.

What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch.

Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. None

If known, give time of the locality of the observation (your position, the direction from which the object(s) came, means, distance, altitude, and other landmarks within a mile).

Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Nearby airport

Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper, date, if possible, regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.

Were you interviewed by Air Force investigators? If so, please state when, where, and by whom.

Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate.

We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This section will be completed by other responsible officials in connection to NICAP, however. If you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please indicate your preference below.

- page 50 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image in this PDF file. The document seems to be a typewritten letter that describes an interview with a Mrs. [redacted] and her husband, who witnessed an unidentified flying object. The letter provides details about the incident and the reluctance of the witnesses to share much information about it. The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Kay:

Enclosed is the report of the interview I had with Mrs. [redacted] and her husband were driving along Route 7 when they sighted an unidentified object which she noticed through her windshield. Her husband did the same. The object was stationary above the highway and was very brilliant. Her husband was reluctant to say to much only that there were people piled off to the side of the road looking at the object. I pressed back on my questions to see if I could give me a different answer but he didn't. He said he had a negative effect on the UFO question though more information like a drawing but her husband was just leaving for work and I had to make it brief.

I hope this report is to your satisfaction.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document is as follows:

Report of: DATE: 2/12/67
CASE: REN #15/160 CONNECTICUT
FROM: GLD to 6/40 PI 832
Location: GILROY, MASSACHUSETTS

Witness:
Name: Mrs. ********
(and Husband)

Apparent Size: 4' ARC Smaller
Shape: ROUND, FLICKERING GLOW

OBSERVATION:
Mrs. ******** has obviously exaggerated the apparent size of the object. the object was seen several times larger than a bright star to the chairman via a telescope prior to actual personal interview.

REMARKS:
Notes versus: Venus was lower and in the west (set approx. 7:06 PM). Witness claims V-shaped object description likely erroneous and may have actually been a helicopter or jet, as no red lights on each side of the V were actually described. This UFY object described was of red, flickering lights. distant red lights.

- page 52 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form is to be used for reporting information on observations of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as requested by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which reference should be made. Information obtained will be published in NICAP reports or released to news media magazines or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional space, please continue on the reverse side of this page. Your assistance is of great value and is sincerely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name : LTC -XXXXX-
Address: -XXXXX-, Everett, Mass.
Education: -XXXXX-
Military Service: None
Occupation: -XXXXX-

2. Telephone: -XXXXX-
3. Date of Observation: February 12, 1957
4. Locality of Observation: 15 between Kensington and Hartford Conn.
5. How long did you observe the object(s)? About 30 Minutes
6. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky: i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. Dark with clouds
7. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and you: The moon was 1/4 or 1/5 full.
8. Were there more than one object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating the direction of motion, etc.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc.? Please use additional pages if necessary. It was a glowing, revolving spherical object as large as the Moon.
10. Did the object(s) make any noise? Yes
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. Brighter than a headlight
12. Did the object(s) -
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush out of sight? No
c. Break up into parts or explode? NO 
d. Give off any visible particles or objects? NO
e. Change shape? NO
f. Change color? NO

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible.

14. Was there any wind? YES
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, window, etc.? NO

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? NO What kind? - How loud? -

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -
a. Fuzzy or blurred.
b. Like a bright star.
c. Simply brilliant.

- page 53 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Text Output:
Was the object:
Self-luminous ? 
Dull finish ?
Transparent ?
Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion?O
Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length: 
a. Thumb
b. Dime
c. Half dollar
d. Silver dollar
e. Grapefruit
f. Beach ball
Or, if smaller, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length. 4-6 inches. Red light? in 
Did you happen to notice any number on the object(s) ? Drawing of object. 
How did the object(s) disappear from view ? Diving on 25-75  degrees away from object. 
Compare the speed of the object(s) with a person or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Object was static
Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. 20 m
Was the size and shape of the object(s) constant ? Constant 15,000-20,000 feet altitude.
What was the elevation of the object(s) to the sky? 90 °Please mark on this hemisphere sketch. 
Please show elevation of other witnesses, if any.
Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared. (Indicate names of towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks to show locale.)
S-179 W

Is there an airport, military or naval installation in the area? 
Please describe any unusual features or characteristics which were noted, using a separate sheet of paper.
Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators, by any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, give the name and rank and status of the officials, and describe the details of the questioning, if any. -
Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please state carefully, if so.
We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations. If you prefer, we will merely use the date, location and description of the object, and will omit your name. Please check one of the following:

You may use my name: ( )
Please keep my name confidential: ( )

Date of filling out this report: 27, 1967

- page 54 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form.

SIGHTING REPORT FORM
Sighting Date: 3/07/67
Location: Amherst, Mass. (address of witness)
Time From: 2300 TO 2315 PST
Weather: 
Witnesses:
Name	Age	Education	Occupation	Address
[Redacted]	28	Housewife	Amherst, Mass.

Apparent Size: cf. star 2xXamna cf. full moon
Elevation: 42-45 deg. Est. Altitude: ? Direction: moving E to W
Color: White - Orange on top sound: None Heard
SKETCR OF UFO (2)

REMARKS:
No ID called for, reference in the event a better quality UFO sighting from the general sighting area is reported.

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten report or document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

The object was standing still when first observed. It then moved in a straight line at a high rate of speed, then made a sharp turn and moved at a slow rate of speed to the south.
The object was oval shaped, approximately 30 feet in diameter, and had a bright glow around it. It was the color of flaming magnesium and made no sound.
The object was observed for approximately 10 minutes.
The observer stated that the object seemed to be under intelligent control.

- page 56 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO SUMMARY REPORT FORM
Date of Report: 3/09/67  
Location: Re Andover country club - Andover, Massachusetts
Time: From: 8:12 to: 8:27 PM DST  
Weather: - 
WITNESS(ES):
Name(s): [REDACTED]
Age: 39  
Occupation: Merchant
Address: Andover, Massachusetts

OBJECT: Appeared: 31:40 cf star
Duration: 15"  
Elevation: 45°  
Altitude: 75,000'  
Color: 2 Red, one White  
Sound: None heard  
Shape: Oblong not Solid, arranged in brilliant white lights

UFO passed in front of _NA_ac_NA_ cf/mt - passed behind _NA_at _NA_ 
The witness was proceeding NB on Route 133 Andover when his attention was attracted to an unusual lighted object in the sky. The witness stopped on Route 133 and parked his car. The witness called the local police station to report his observation. The police advised him it was probably a plane, but the witness insisted on reporting it. The witness observed the object for about 15 minutes and then it disappeared. He had called one "Laurence Earle Moline" to witness the observation. The object was seen to pass in front of and then behind a static object, believed to be a power line tower. No colored lights were observed, only a brilliant white light or object.

REMARKS:
Concerning things to note are: 1) The absence of "person" lights or a conventional body, 2) The lights were steady, not blinking, 3) The maneuvers which carried it over a power line tower. The case is interesting because the witness, who was a merchant, claimed to have seen many unusual things in the sky for which he had no explanations.

- page 57 -

The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document related to technical information. There is no photograph present in this image. I will now proceed to produce all the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you provide will be carefully analyzed by our staff. We request that you fill in this form completely and return it to us. Without your permission, we may not be able to contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Feb 5, 1967
2. Time of day: 6:20 (Circle One:) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One:) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Redwood City, California
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 seconds
5.1 How was the object first sighted? Accidentally
5.2 Was the object moving? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY, CLEAR
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you and the object? (Circle One:) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To the right of you d. To the left of you e. Overhead f. Other

- page 58 -

The image provided appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a form titled "ORCE UFO FORM" with various questions and answer options related to UFO sightings.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 3
1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Full moonlight
b. Moon obscured
c. No stars visible

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a. CLOUDS:
b. VISIBILITY:
c. Wind:
d. Ground:
e. Thick or hazy clouds
f. Snow

3. This object appeared: (Circle One)
a. As a light
b. As an object
c. Vapor

4. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the surrounding area? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. About the same

5. Compare brightness to some common object: ______________________________ 

The object's path was: (Circle One for each question)
a. Straight path
b. Zig-zag path
c. Disappear and reappear
d. Other _____________________

Could the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down? Yes No Don't know
c. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
d. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 59 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document related to a UFO report. 

Official U.S. Air Force
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it appeared to.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what.
Yes, it appeared to pass behind a cloud.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what.
Yes, it appeared to move in front of a cloud.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Speed Slow
b. Color Clear bright
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a pencil at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the pencil it covers. If you have performed this experiment, what fraction of the pencil did the object cover?
1/3 Covered
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details that will help to show the size and character of the object. Please use the space provided below. Please do not draw on the photograph.

- page 60 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a form titled "Air Force UFO form continued" with various questions and checkboxes.

Air Force UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
A. Inside a building 
B. In a vehicle
C. Outdoors 
D. In an airplane (type) 

23. Were you: (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. South c. East d. West

24.2 How fast were you moving? (Circle One)
a. Northeast b. Southeast c. Northwest d. Southwest

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No
c. Gun sights Yes No 
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Windshield Yes No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a sketch, drawing or photograph which would delineate the object which you saw.

- page 61 -

The image contains a diagram and some text, but no photograph. The diagram appears to be an illustration from an official U.S. Air Force document, showing what appears to be instructions for observing and tracking unidentified flying objects. There are directions and illustrations related to compass orientation and tracking the movement of objects.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you see, at the greatest shown. Place are "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place "C" on the compass when you first saw it. Place "D" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 62 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a form titled "UFO form continued".

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object, before? If so give date and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
ADDRESS Redwood City
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Feby, 1967 USAF

- page 63 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO report document.

Official U.S. Air Force
1_6 Date you completed this questionnaire, Day_29,Month_2,Year_1967
22. Information which is not accurately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Card shall remain off airplane and any other air craft which shows unusual or mysterious no aerial lights which was at tow sended. This was not flying saucer or anything such as it gave off a mysterious glow and remained stationary for about three mins. This information appears to be an eyewitness report of a strange aerial phenomenon.

- page 64 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed letter from the Office of Information, Community Relations Division, addressed to "Dear Mr. _____", and signed by George P. Freeman, Jr. The letter discusses an "unidentified observation" and the ongoing investigation by the Air Force.

Text from the document:

MAY 5 1967

Dear Mr. _____:

This replies to your recent correspondence concerning your unidentified observation. Examination of the data indicates that no positive identification can be made at this time, primarily because of the incomplete characterization, angular velocity, and how the object disappeared.

No other unidentified flying objects reports were submitted to the Air Force from the vicinity of Gleason, Michigan for February 9, 1967.

At this late date a meaningful scientific investigation is not possible. It is important for us to accumulate more specific data from the sighting. This enables Air Force analysis to perform a comprehensive investigation. The same kind of information will be useful to the present study for your observation.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Gleason, Michigan 49017

- page 65 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typewritten document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report from 8 February 1967.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFCIN-TEEPUR)
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CAFT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 8 February 1967

TO: USAF (AFCIMCO)

Reference the attached UFO report from Mr. *** regarding his unidentified observation on 8 February 1967. Attachment two is a proposed reply.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

(/s/ Unidentified)
Colonel, USAF
Director of Laboratories
and Information Services

- page 66 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only a hand-drawn sketch. The sketch depicts a diagram with some labels and text describing the sighting of an object in the sky. The text states that the object was "directly across the street from us" and that the observer was "looking toward them".

Picture Drawing
Saucer Rig Appear Houer
Here Wr Ew Locking Toward Then
House
House
Please Were Directly Across Street From Us, We Were Locking Toward Then.

- page 67 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text content of the document, as extracted by an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

UFO OBSERVATION, 9 February 1967

USAF REPORT

Reference the attached UFO report from Mr. [redacted], which is an investigation of a UFO sighting of 3 February 1967. Attachment two is a proposed reply.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES C. MANAITT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1. Atach
1. Report
2. Proposed Reply

- page 68 -

The image contains an official US Air Force technical information form, but it does not contain any photographs. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any publicity or publication, which your permission. You will not be contacted further in connection with this particular information.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How was time of object determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 69 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a document titled "FORCE UF O FORM" that appears to be a questionnaire or report form for recording details about a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

FORCE UF O FORM
8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning its SHAPE?
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
10. The object appeared: (Circle One) - A. As a light, B. Solid, C. Vapor
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) - A. Sharply defined, B. Blurred
13. Is the object: (Circle One for each question)
A. Appear to stand still at any time? - Yes, No, Don't know
B. Suddenly appear and disappear at any time? - Yes, No, Don't know
C. Change brightness? - Yes, No, Don't know
D. Chase the horizon? - Yes, No, Don't know
E. Move up/down? - Yes, No, Don't know
F. Move sideways? - Yes, No, Don't know
G. Disappear and reappear? - Yes, No, Don't know

- page 70 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document with a series of questions regarding the observation of an unidentified object.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it, so how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the match is covered by the object. If you had performed this measurement, note the result.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may have observed, such as size, proportions, etc., and especially aircraft or other trails or fumes. Please be as accurate as possible.

- page 71 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions about the reported UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)   
Yes   No 
 
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)  
Yes   No
If you estimated "Yes", how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In the open
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Where were you? (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North   b. South   c. East   d. West   e. Northeast   f. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?   Miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle all that apply)
a. Binoculars           Yes   No
b. Telescope           Yes   No  
c. Wind-shield          Yes   No
d. Winoow              Yes   No
e. Theodolite           Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or aircraft which would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 72 -

The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document. It contains a diagram with instructions and questions related to reporting UFO sightings. The diagram shows a diagram of an object's path and various angles related to its movement. There are also instructions for drawing the observed path of any additional objects, if there were more than one. The text indicates this is part of a form or document used for collecting information about UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point drawn. Place an "A" on the picture to show how high the object was in the sky when you first saw it. Draw an arrow to show the path the object followed. Place a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
90'
75'
60'
45'  
30'
15'
  N
E      W
            S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 73 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

UFO FORM CONTINUED
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date and details. 
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (circle one) Yes No
31.1 If yes, please give their names and addresses.
33. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Address: Street City State 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: SEX: 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 74 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank form titled "Official U.S. Air Force" with spaces for the person to fill out information.

Text from the document:
Official U.S. Air Force
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day
Month
Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 75 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a text-based document, specifically a response to a previous UFO report.

Proposed reply to UFO report from Mr. [redacted]

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is a replies to your recent correspondence concerning your unidentified observation. Examination of the submitted data fails to reveal a positive identification, primarily because of the lack of essential data such as flight characteristics, angular velocity, and how the object disappeared. 

No other unidentified flying object reports were submitted to the Air Force from the vicinity of Clawson, Michigan for 5 February 1967.

At this late date a meaningful scientific investigation is not possible. It is important for us to report his or her observation to the Air Force as soon as possible after the sighting. This enables Air Force analysts to perform a comprehensive investigation. The submitted information will definitely be added to the present data for possible future reference.

- page 76 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text output:

This replies to your recent correspondence concerning your unidentified observation. Examination of the submitted data fails to reveal a positive identification, primarily because of the lack of essential data such as flight characteristics, angular velocity, and how the object disappeared.

No other unidentified flying object reports were submitted to the Air Force from the vicinity of Grayson, Michigan for 8 February 1957.

At this late date a meaningful scientific investigation is not possible. It is important for an individual to report his or her observation to the Air Force as soon as possible after the sighting. This enables the Air Force analyze to perform a comprehensive investigation.

The submitted information will definitely be added to the present data for possible future reference.

- page 77 -

The image does not contain any photographs. 

Transcribed text:

Proposed reply to letter of 11 February 1967
Dear -----,
We have your recent letter reporting your unusual observations to the Air Force. A detailed investigation did not reveal a positive identification; however, our analysts were able to uncover a possible explanation. The description you provided is very consistent with that normally reported for an observation of a hot air balloon. The Air Force has been plagued lately with reports from all persons of all ages having been releasing these balloons which are made from dry cleaning bags with candles situated on a platform of some type. As previously mentioned, a positive identification was not made but we feel that you more than likely observed one of these balloons.
Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
S. SPAATZ 8 MAY 67

- page 78 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a memo routing slip with handwritten text in the "Remarks" section.

The text in the "Remarks" section reads:
"See attached can do - it came in on a prescription Reg No dy"

- page 79 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter on official stationery.

SAFLLI/LG Josepha/ds/10 May 67/54037

MAY 11 1967

Dear Mr. [redacted],

President Johnson has asked that I reply to your recent letter regarding your sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO). Thank you for forwarding your report. It has been forwarded to our Project Blue Book officials for their evaluation.

Your interest in this subject is appreciated and I am attaching a booklet which you may find of value.

Sincerely, 

WILLIAM E. POE
Colonel, USAF

Attachment: Project Blue Book

- page 80 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form. This form appears to be used to gather information about UFO sightings.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information obtained will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, and the information will be treated as confidential. We request the personal information so that we may obtain further details if necessary.

1. When did you see the object?
9 7 67
Month Day Year

2. Time of day:
7 30 A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. EST b. CST c. MST d. PST

4. Where did you see the object?
Redwood City
City & State

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
12 minutes
Hours Minutes

5.1 How sure are you of the duration? 
Fairly certain

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the direction of the object?
DAY N NIGHT NE
(Circle One) 

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as your looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In back of you b. To your left c. In front of you d. To your right e. Overhead

PTD FORM 1664 THIS FORM SUPERSEDES PTOF 1-61, WHICH IS OBSOLETE.

- page 81 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only a form titled "URCE UFO FORM" with various questions and answer choices.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

URCE UFO FORM
Page 3

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
1.1 STARS:(Circle One)
a. None
b. Fewer
c. About the same
d. More
1.2 MOON:(Circle One)
a. Full
b. Partial moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER:(Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Partly cloudy
c. Heavy overcast
d. Light rain
e. Heavy rain
f. Fog
g. Haze
h. Don't remember

3. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Light
c. Transparent
d. Fuzzy

4. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer

5. Compare brightness to some common object.
Mas

6. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Sharply defined
b. Like a bright star
c. Fuzzy or blurred
d. Other_

7. What color(s) were the object?
Var seagly

8. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
Yes
No Don't know
b. Break up in the sight or behind clouds?
Yes
No Don't know
c. Change brightness?
Yes
No Don't know
d. Change direction?
Yes
No Don't know
e. Make any sound?
Yes
No Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? 
Yes 
No Don't know

- page 82 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Optical U.S. Air Force UFO
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

Gradually disappeared - The object was traveling behind some trees and disappeared behind them. 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

Yes - The object moved behind some trees.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what.

Yes - The object moved in front of some clouds.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Absolutely cigar-this seemed unreal.
b. Color Bright white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the match is covered by the object. If you find confirmed this, indicate measurements as a fraction of the match.

The object would have been covered 1/3 of the match stick.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch details of the object, such as the number of lights, if it had wings, tail, etc. Show motion, if any.

The sketch shows an elongated cigar-shaped object with scattered lights along its length. The object appears to be moving across the sky.

Transcript of the text:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
Gradually disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
Yes - it moved behind some trees

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what. 
Yes - it moved in front of some clouds

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Absolutely cigar-this seemed unreal
b. Color Bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the match is covered by the object. If you find confirmed this, indicate measurements as a fraction of the match.
The object would have been covered 1/3 of the match stick.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch details of the object, such as the number of lights, if it had wings, tail, etc. Show motion, if any.
[The sketch shows an elongated cigar-shaped object with scattered lights along its length, appearing to move across the sky.]

- page 83 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a report document containing text information.

Air Force UFO form continued

Do you think that the speed of the object was:
(Circle One) 
• About 100-500 MPH
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About 500 - 600 MPH 

Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) 
• Less than 1 mile

Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a residential area? 
c. In an open country? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

Did you observe the object through any of the following:
Binoculars Yes  No
Camera   Yes No
Telescope Yes No
Sextant  Yes No  
Other

To the best that you can give, a picture or sketch, or diagram if it would assist in describing what you saw would be appreciated by the Air Force for any similar reports they may receive.
Diagram: Here is a very general sketch of a flying saucer type craft that I saw. It was disc shape with a dome on top, hovered over the trees briefly, and then shot off at a very high speed. The craft appeared to be metal in color, but did not reflect light. It made no noise. I was quite surprised by what I saw.

- page 84 -

The image contains a diagram or illustration, but no photograph. The diagram appears to be an official U.S. Air Force document with instructions and questions related to reporting UFO sightings. The diagram includes a horizon sketch, a compass-like diagram, and instructions for how to indicate the motion and direction of observed objects.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object (UFO) appeared above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass when you first saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 85 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a UFO form that has been filled out.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar, object before? If so, when, where, and details.
N/s
31. 1) What was the object that you saw? (Circle One)
Ves No

31.2) If you conclude yes, and that is the object you observed, please give their names and addresses.
JOHN TAYLOR 
2246 MAIN STREET 
REDWOOD CITY CALIF.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 32 SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
til until now.

- page 86 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on an Official U.S. Air Force form.

Text from the form:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire 1/4 67 Month Day Year
35. Information with which you are acquainted, and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or in the attached sheets of your written explanation, if any, follows:

Continued on the back of this form. The object that was observed was fairly bright and clearly visible. Considering the nearness of the object, its bright metallic appearance and the very still manner in which it was hovering, it was certainly most unusual. I was quite amazed at the time, and still am, at the rapidity with which the object appeared to move away in the distance and out of sight. It was quite a considerably out of the ordinary experience, and I have no satisfactory explanation for it.

- page 87 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

NAVAL MESSAGE
NAVY DEPARTMENT
R 101452Z FEB 67
FM CINCPACFLT
TO CINCPACAREA
INFO COMJEFECIPACREG
SOEASTSEAPAC
UNCLASS 6 F 11
UFO SIGHTING
SITUATION AT 032300Z FEB 67. USO SIGHTED BY DR. MENDEZ OF CALIF. GARCIA REPORT MADE TO LOCAL FAA WHO TURNED REP-ORTED TO DROPO OSAPRON.
F-4B PILOT ESTIMATED OBJECT'S ALTITUDE AT 35-40,000 FEET GLOWING LIKE A MERCURY VAPOR LIGHT. TWO OTHER SMALLER OBJECTS APPEARED LOOKING LIKE JETS STARTING AND STOPPING AT A TREMENDOUS SPEED. THE LARGE OBJECT DISAPPEARED.
23(29)12(24)13(2) 07(2) 33(2) 34(2) 35(2) 95(7) 07(4) 76(4) 04571

- page 88 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

"SAR-C109/rjra Gaspar/or/T90715/LS MAY 67

MAY 1$ 1957

Dear_

Reference your recent letter reporting your unusual observation to the Air Force.

A detailed investigation did not reveal a positive identification; however, our analysts were able to uncover a possible solution. The determination was that the object you observed was most likely an air balloon. The Air Force has been plagued lately with many incidents involving large numbers of these balloons which are made from dry cleaning bags with candles attached on a platform for some type of promotional display. It is possible that you observed one of these balloons which are made from dry cleaning bags with candles attached on a platform for some type of promotional display. It is possible that you observed one of these balloons which are more than likely observed at more than one time.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. STENMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information"

- page 89 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from the U.S. Air Force, titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" and containing various questions and fields to be filled out regarding a UFO sighting. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. We request that you fill out this form completely and return it to us for further analysis. The information you provide will be treated confidentially, and will not be released to the press, general public, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 1. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
6. 6.1 How was object first sighted? Observed it by accident
6.2 Was object in sight continuously?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. Behind you b. Ahead of you c. Off to one side

- page 90 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO reporting form titled "ORCE UFO FORM".

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

2. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
2.1 STARS: (Circle One)
a. Fewer
b. Full moonlight
c. Don't remember
d. Other: 

2.2 MOON: (Circle One) 
a. Full moonlight
b. Crescent 
c. Partially or totally obscured by dark clouds
d. Don't remember

3. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS: (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Few
c. Partly cloudy
d. Overcast or heavy clouds
e. Haze

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Still 
b. Hovering
c. Moving
d. Very fast

11. If the object was a light, was it brighter or dimmer than some other star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object. (Handwritten response)
Bright as headlight moving slowly at a distance

Visual description:
a. Like a bright star
b. Surrounded by a glow 
c. Other:

Did the object:
a. Remain stationary? Yes
b. Move slowly and steadily? Yes
c. Move erratic or jerkily? Yes
d. Change brightness? Yes
e. Change color? Yes
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes

- page 91 -

The image contains an official U.S. Air Force document with various questions about a reported UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or any tree, particularly a cloud?
Yes (    )    No (  X  )

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (  X  )    No (    )

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound s _none^-silent-
b. Color ---yei-low-,reddish-coloring-around edges-

18. We wish to know the angular size. Stand at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the width of the object. If you had performed this measurement at the time, how much of the known object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may have noted, such as wings, tail, or other distinguishing features. Please do not include any names or identifying features of humans.

[A hand-drawn sketch is provided, showing a general, unlabeled UFO shape.]

- page 92 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which seems to be a form for reporting an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

FO form continued
How fast would you estimate the speed of the object? 
What YES, than what would you estimate?
How far away from you was the object?
And, if YES, than how far away would you say it was?
Where were you located when you saw the object?
23. Indicate the location of a city? 
In the continental United States?
In open countryside?
Near an airport? 
Flying over a city?
Flying over an open country?
Other
If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
North
East
South
West
Street
What direction were you moving? 
Were you looking at the object? 
Yes
No
Did the object pass through any of the following?  
Lightnings
Windows
Clouds
Telescope
Raindrops
Windshield

- page 93 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions related to an official U.S. Air Force document. The diagram appears to be a guide for tracking and reporting sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). There is no visible photograph in this particular page.

Official U.S. Air Force
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? / 2.2 + \-^1 / Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 94 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document related to a UFO sighting or report.

UFO FORM CONTINUED

13. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If is give date and place and location.
[X] Yes
12. If you observed YES, did they turn out to be the object later? [X] Yes
13.1 Please list their names and addresses.

Name and address information has been redacted.

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 95 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows an official U.S. Air Force questionnaire form with handwritten text.

OCR Output:
Official U.S. Air Force [
34. Date you completed this questionnaire. _        __        __ 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a definitive explanation of your sighting.
Ua.the shape oÄ the object waa very claar. Moat 
probably it was some kind of craft. Thaobjact 
waa dark against the sky and wae travelling at a 
fairly high altitude. It appeared larger than a 
normal aircraft and seemed to be travelling at a 
rapid rate of speed. I watched it for a few
minutes and then it disappeared. I most certainly 
cannot explain what this object was.

- page 96 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, listing various locations, observers, and evaluations of reported UFO sightings.

11 - 17 FEBRUARY 1967 SIGHTINGS

DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
11 Worland, Wyoming D... Mullile INSUFFICIENT DATA
12 Grand Rapids, Michigan Constance S. Nay BALLOON (UNIDENTIFIED)
12 Denver, Colorado - INSUFFICIENT DATA
12 Charleston, South Carolina - INSUFFICIENT DATA
13 Colorado Springs, Colorado Sndiann & Charlie ASTRO (METEOR)
13 Lewisville, Texas Richard & Sherron ASTRONOMICAL
13 Fort Chester, New York - INSUFFICIENT DATA
13 Dayton, Ohio - INSUFFICIENT DATA
13 Davidsonville, Maryland - INSUFFICIENT DATA

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE LOCATION IDENTIFICATION REPORTED SIGHTINGS
12 Cincinnati, Ohio PHONE: 1.61: 1.64 INSUFFICIENT DATA
12 ALLENTOWN, Pennsylvania - INSUFFICIENT DATA
12 Feb-Sep ASHEVILLE, Kentucky - INSUFFICIENT DATA
13 CHICAGO, NEW YORK - INSUFFICIENT DATA
14 Oxford, New York - INSUFFICIENT DATA
15 PARKERSBURG, Ohio - INSUFFICIENT DATA
15 PEKIN, Illinois - INSUFFICIENT DATA
17 MATHIAN, Maine - INSUFFICIENT DATA
17 NORTHVILLE, Massachusetts - INSUFFICIENT DATA

- page 97 -

