The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DATE : TIME GROUP 2 FEB 67 2259-52
2. LOCATION Auburn, New York
3. SOURCE CIVILIAN
3a. CONCLUSION Other (conflicting data)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Various
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE Westward
8. DURATION
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. REMARKS Observer reported a yellow-orange colored object that maneuvered between the clouds. The witness said that the object appeared to be 25 to 30 inches in diameter and hovered for short periods of time. The report indicates that the object was seen on two separate occasions, with the last sighting lasting approximately 10 minutes. No other information regarding the sighting is provided.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output the text found in the document:

Yours Truly
Auburn, New York
Reported Here

- page 2 -

The image contains a drawing or sketch of a UFO saucer-like object. The text describes the witness's observation of the UFO, stating that it was seen on February 11, 1967 around 11:25 PM EST. The witness provides a detailed description of the UFO's appearance and behavior, noting that it was a "saucer-like object" with a "motor-like sound".

Text from the document:

Major Quintenella 
USAF, Retired
Project Blue Book
Whiteof, New York 12114
Feb 11 '67
Dear Sirs,
As one of my friends would say to you, "About your Blue Book, I have been to too'. Like this:
It was Feb 11, 1967 about 11:25 PM EST. I saw this UFO saucer, just like it says in the books. It was a saucer-like object, with a motor-like sound. It was abo't 100 ft. up.
At this point I'm saying to myself, 'This is really something. I only wish I had a camera to take a picture.'
It's dark, I know, but I can see it quite plainly. It seemed to be about 40 feet across. I watched it for about 2 minutes. Then it just went straight up and disappeared. Think you very much for any light you can shed on this.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a U.S. Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about an unidentified flying object you may have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can possibly can. The information you give will be used for research purposes, and may be included in a statistical study, but will not be used to draw any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information be used only if it is deemed necessary, as may be required for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
FEB 1967

2. Time of day: 
3:30 HOURS or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain 
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
AUBURN, NEW YORK

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5 SECONDS

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Bright
b. Clear

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your right
c. Behind you
d. To your left
e. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Same
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright - full moon
b. Dull, half moon light
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ________________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

e. Other ______________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES    NO    Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES    NO    Don't know
c. Change in brightness? YES    NO    Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES    NO    Don't know
e. Change in shape? YES    NO    Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES    NO    Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES    NO    Don't know

- page 5 -

The image contains a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

The text on the page is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)	Yes	No	Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)	Yes	No	Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color A  reddish orange in color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. Record this measurement in the following terms: finger widths, pencil lengths, or match lengths at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Covered about half the DOO

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape and structure of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please so sketch beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Drawings of two object shapes are present on the page]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions about the sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

The image contains a compass diagram with a directional arrow and a question asking the viewer to draw a picture showing the motion of an object or objects. There is no photograph present in this image.

37. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the object you have seen. Then, draw a line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "G" on the skyline at the point where the object appeared, and place a "B" at the point where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.  

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, draw a picture of how many there were, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
15 Febreary 1967. Auburn, N.Y. 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME: [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] 
AGE: 29 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Feb. 15, 1967 USAF

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text and a sketch or drawing of a UFO in the center of the page.

31. Date you completed this questionnaire: Day 1 Month   Year
33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

This is an UFO.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFOIN-TECX)
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 1 Feb 67

TO: Mr. 
Auburn, New York 13021

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached UFD Form 164 and return it to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MARANI, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
1 Atch
UFD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 11 -

