The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document related to the historical project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 16 Mar 67 - 0219Z
2. LOCATION: AUBURN, PENNA. 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Understate
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Course
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT?)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The observer stated that the object had the same brightness and size as the observation. The object appeared to be sun-traveling to the left. The observer stated the object was like a green light in color.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire for reporting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena. that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give may be used in connection with any aspect of the investigation that we are pursuing your report. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? Flying March 10, 1967
2. Time of day: 2:30 AM (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): Eastern Central Mountain Pacific Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Auburn, Pa. City or Town State
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Seconds Hours Minutes 1-2 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Carefully timed by eye Office 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) DAY: Bright Hazy Cloudy NIGHT: Bright Hazy Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your back e. Overhead

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have seen. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide may be used in connection with your report and may result in further investigation. If your responses indicate a need for further clarification, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Friday, March 10, 1967
2. Time of day: 2:10 PM 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Auburn, Pennsylvania
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was the time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? (Yes/No): No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright, b. NIGHT: Bright, c. Clouds
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FORM FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. As a light, c. Transparent, d. Vapor, e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: [Handwritten notes]

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: a. Appear to stand still at any time?, b. Suddenly speed up and/or change direction?, c. Break up into parts or explode?, d. Give off smoke?, e. Change brightness?, f. Change color?, g. Flash or flicker?, h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 4 -

The provided image contains a photograph or drawing of a UFO sighting. The image shows a sketch or diagram of an oval-shaped object labeled "2" chrome-like" with a length of "35' width".

The text in the document states:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Dashed straight line, away at left.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): In front of: 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: Mute b. Color: Chrome color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? About 75-percent of object covered.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object of objects. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text output from the OCR process is:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Dashed straight line, away at left. 
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes 
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): In front of:  
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: Mute b. Color: Chrome color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? About 75-percent of object covered.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object of objects. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No   very fast

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  40+ Rjile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors  
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other  

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. Southeast    d. South    e. Southwest    f. West    g. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?  .__ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: 
a. Binoculars    Yes    No    
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No
e. Theodolite    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No  
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words, the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw:
A hape d air iel, di er ean ely bright, that moved sa idly.

- page 6 -

The image provided is a page from an old Project Blue Book document, and it does not contain any photographs. The page appears to be a questionnaire or report form with various instructions and questions related to UFO sightings and observations.

OCR output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine they you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°

NW    N    NE
    W           E
   SW           SE
         S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or object made. Place on "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the 1967-03-7458489-Auburn-Pennsylvania.pdf8.txt file.

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
720

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle
ADDRESS Street Auburn City
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 71 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Caitlin J. Powell
21 January 1967 Month Year

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document or report.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  27 Mar.

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 9 -

