The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, which is a record of a UFO observation. The text on the document provides details about the observation, including the date, location, a brief summary, and an indication that the data is insufficient for evaluation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. D.D.A. TIME GROUP 15 JAN 67 
2. LOCATION Tuscon, Arizona
10. CONCLUSION INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS SEE CASE FILE

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document related to a UFO sighting. There is no photograph or image included on this particular page. 

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
WHERE DISAPPEARED.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:
IT MOVED IN FRONT OF IT SEEMED TO BE OSCILLATING / WOBBLING IN A SLIGHTWAY, SEEMING TO GET FARTHER AWAY

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NO SOUND
b. Color: METALLIC, SIMILAR TO ALUMINUM, REFLECTING LIGHT

18. We wish to know the angular size of the object seen. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the match stick is covered by the object. If you have performed this experiment, please tell us the results here:
CANT POSSIBLE GIVE IT SIZE. IT IS MATCHING IN HEIGHT IN MEXICO.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall, such as wings, tail, lights, etc. Please do not include the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch shows a shape reminiscent of a saucer or disc, without wings or other distinct features.]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Office of Information, Community Activities Division, regarding a recent observation of an unidentified flying object in Tuscon, Arizona.

AUG 1 1957

Dear Mr. ----:

This refers to your recent letter in which you presented information on your sighting of an unidentified object on 1 Aug 57.

We have been unable to reach a definite conclusion on your observation because of insufficient information. Essential data, such as duration of sighting, angular size, maneuvering characteristics, etc., were not reported. Further, we need more details about your observation to evaluate it properly.

Your observation has been reported to your nearest military installation. Any information which you can provide to augment your present report will be added to our permanent data base.

If you should ever witness another strange phenomena in our atmosphere, contact the UFO investigator at Stuart Air Force Base, New York.

Sincerely,

EVERETT J. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Activities Division
Office of Information

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Proposed reply to letter from (Sighting: Apr 8, 1967)

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

This replies to your recent letter in which you requested information on your unidentified observation of April 3, 1967.

We have been unable to reach a definite conclusion on your observation because of insufficient information. Essential data such as flight characteristics, angular velocities, maneuvers, etc., are quite important in a comprehensive evaluation. If you had reported your observation to your nearest military installation at the time, an evaluation would have been possible. The UFO investigator at your nearest military installation is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Your information will be added to our present data base.

If you should ever witness another strange phenomena in our atmosphere, contact the UFO investigator at Stewart AFB, New York.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

Based on the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) of the text in the document, the output is as follows:

Air Force reaching a conclusion pertaining to my sighting. I have examined information concerning the incident and consulted with interested parties. This letter is to inform you, the month of April last year.

I regret the impression that a representative of the Air Force would conclude this case as unidentified. That was not my intention - I have reached the conclusion that there is insufficient evidence to identify the object reported. The obvious lack of corroborating evidence from other sources and the time lapse involved all indicate this conclusion. I am sincerely awaiting your reply.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Wright-Patterson-Lt Col Young/SAFOICC/1/55/790D/21 Aug 59
August 2nd, 1967

Dear [redacted],
Reference your latest correspondence of August 3, 1967. We are still unable to reach a definite conclusion on your observation because the description you submitted could be that of a hot air balloon. Many individuals have not been able to determine whether one was in the area at that time.

The form you completed is a copy of an official Air Force document and your submission of information was quite satisfactory. Before reaching a definite conclusion, we recommend you contact the investigator to collect additional data. It is impossible to reach a conclusive determination based on the information provided.

The base investigator is in a better position to collect additional data and resolve this matter satisfactorily. Any further investigation would be necessary to support or disprove this observation. However, it is necessary to report that you are unsatisfied with our present policy; however, if you desire to continue the investigation, the investigator at Stewart AFB will be available.

Sincerely,
BARRETT H. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Proposed reply to _____, letter August 3, 1967 (signed April 8, 1967)

Dear Mr. _____,

Reference your latest correspondence of August 3, 1967. We are still have been unable to reach a definite conclusion on your observation because of insufficient information.

A possible explanation would be that of a hot air balloon. The description you submitted is consistent with an evaluation that it was a hot air balloon. There are many individuals who have launched hot air balloons; therefore, it would be impossible to determine whether a hot air balloon was positively in your area at the time of your observation.

The form you completed is a copy of an official Air Force form; however, we normally need additional information on any sighting before reaching a definite conclusion. That is why an individual needs to contact the nearest Air Force base, as they are in a far more desirable position to collect essential data, such as ascertained flight characteristics, angular velocities, weather conditions, and any reports of activity in the area at the time in question. If he is unable to reach a positive identification, the report is then sent to the Office of Special Investigations, Air Force, for further investigation, for a final determination.

Since there was no indication in your report of a threat to the security of the United States, nor was there any indication of any new scientific or technical data, the Air Force does not feel that further investigation into your sighting should be made.

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

We regret that you are unsatisfied with our present policy; however, if you desire to contact the investigator at Stewart APB in the future, I am sure he will be available.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" document, which is a questionnaire form used by the U.S. Air Force to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena (UFO) sightings.

The text of the document is as follows:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
Page 1

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as you possibly can. The information you provide will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
____ / ____ / ____
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:
______ Hours ______ Minutes
(Circle One)   A.M.  or  P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)  a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
_______________________ 
Nearest Postal Address
_______________________ 
City or Town
_______________________ 
State or County

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
____ Hours ____ Minutes ____ Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear
b. Night
c. Bright
d. Cloudy

7. If you can see it during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. Behind you
c. To your left
d. To your right
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 154 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" that contains various questions and response options for documenting information about a reported UFO sighting.

OCR Output:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the stars and MOON, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One): a. Bright e. Dim or remember
b. None b. Fainto, c. Twinkled, d. Don't remember
c. Aicd
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky a. Calm
b. Hazy b. Breezy, or light rain
c. Passing clouds c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds d. Snow
e. Don't remember e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Sudden'y a. Round c. Don't remember
b. Gradually b, Elongated
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared at night, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter c. About the same
b. Dimmer d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
__________________________________

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred c. Other
b. Line sharplanged d. Can't remember
c. Ill-defined
d. Can't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to be still or any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know 
c. Break into parts or pieces? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know
f. Fly at a steady pace? Yes No Don't know
g. Hover at one spot? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 10 -

The image contains a form from the Official U.S. Air Force, which appears to be part of a Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph present in this image. 

OCR Text Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? So or Lost sight of it
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? {Circle One} Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? {Circle One} Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Size
b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the held match or pencil. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered? MATCH is EXT OF UST
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object, such as wings, tail, exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically titled "UFO form continued". The text on the page includes various questions and response options related to an observed UFO sighting, such as estimating the speed, distance, and direction of the object, as well as details about the witness's location and observations.

UFO form continued
20. Do you an estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In the open 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airborne (type)
e. Airplane
f. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1. What direction were you moving?
(Circle One) North South East West
24.2. How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3. Did you continue to observe the object while you were looking at it?
(Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Glasses Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Goggles Yes No
h. Other ___

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a filled-out UFO form.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? YES If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 75 MILES PER HOUR OR MORE
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? YES IT APPEARED TO BE ABOUT A MILE OR SO DISTANT 
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outside d. In an airplane (type) e. Flying over some type f. Other SEE TIP AT WAS CALLED - 
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country-side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over open country? f. Near a road or highway? g. Other HIGHWAY CLOSE TOWN - VIEZE
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions. 24.1 What direction were you going? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving?15 MILES PER HOUR 24.3 Do you think the speed of the object you saw was faster or slower than the speed of your vehicle at that time? (Circle One) FASTER MAYBE SOMEWHAT FASTER SLIGHTLY FASTER
25. Can you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses YES No b. Sunglasses Yes NO c. Windshield Yes NO d. Telescope Yes NO e. Binoculars Yes NO f. Sighting device Yes NO
26. In as detail as you can give as clear a description as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words as a common object or as something which you compared the object which you saw would be the same appearance as the object which you saw. ITS WAS ABOUT COME COME OR RED HOT BALL CHANGING COLORS AS IT APPEARED TO GO UP AND DOWN AND SIDE TO SIDE IT WAS ABOUT 2 TO 3 FEET IN DIAMETER APPEARED HIGHER THAN THE MR. YELLOW ORANGE BRANCH CAR.

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a diagram with various angles and measurements, as well as some text instructions. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Text extracted from the image:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3 

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the same curved line to show the greatest elevation of the object during the observation.

90°  75°  60°
45°
30°
15°

28. Draw a sketch to show the path of the object. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture all how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a UFO report form with various questions about the sighting, such as the date, location, and details of the object observed. The form also has a section for the observer to provide additional information about themselves and the sighting.

However, the image does not contain any photographs or other visual elements. It is solely a text-based form.

UFO form continued
Page 6.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Were anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Name: [redacted]
Address: [redacted]
Telephone Number: [redacted]
Sex: [redacted] 

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [redacted]

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force report form, with a handwritten description of a sighting or observation.

Official U.S. Air Force
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific parts of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
The handwritten text on the form describes the sighting or observation, but does not provide any further details about a photograph.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with the title "UFO form continued" at the top. The rest of the page is blank, with no additional text or images.

UFO form continued
(April 15, 1967)

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" for reporting UFO sightings.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena you have observed. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we can obtain further details if necessary.

1. When did you see the object?
    Day: 24   Month: May   Year: 1967

2. Time of day:
    Hours: 10    Minutes: 20
    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time seen:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern   b. Central   c. Mountain   d. Pacific   e. Daylight Saving   f. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Nearest Postal Address: Tucson, Arizona

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours: 0    Minutes: 45    Seconds: 0

6.1. How was the motion of the object determined?
    Yes

6.2. Was the object in sight continuously?
    Yes

7. Weather conditions at time of sighting:
    DAY: Hazy
    NIGHT: Hazy

8. If you saw the object in DAYLIGHT, where was the sun in relation to your location at the time?
    (Circle One): a. Overhead   b. Behind you   c. Front of you   d. Overhead   e. To your left   f. To your right   g. Don't remember

- page 18 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs, but rather a "Force UFO Form" with various questions and checkboxes related to the sighting of a UFO. The text in the document has been captured and is provided below:

FORCE UFO FORM

6. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice about the STARS and MOON?
a. 1 STAR (Circle One)
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a. CLOUDS (Circle One)
b. Clear sky
c. Hazy 
d. Overcast and clouds
e. Foggy, mist, or light rain

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Bright
b. Dim
c. Pulsating
d. Like a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Don't know

11.1 Describe brightness to some common object:

12. The shape of the object was:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to grow still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and then slow down at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Give off color changes? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear suddenly? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear gradually? Yes No Don't know

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely a form or report related to the Project Blue Book investigation of UFO sightings.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

1. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The witness response indicates the object did not disappear while they were watching it.

2. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The witness response indicates the object moved behind something, but does not specify what it moved behind.

3. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The witness response indicates the object did not move in front of something.

4. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - The witness describes the sound as "silent"
b. Color - The witness describes the color as "white and shiny"

5. Sketch to show the approximate size. Hold a match stick or something the length of a known object and note how much of the stick is covered by the apparent size of the object. If you had a measured the object, record the estimate.
The witness provides a written description rather than a sketch, stating the object was approximately the size of a small car.

6. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. (Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can depict such as lights, wings, etc. Show the direction the object was moving.)
No drawing or sketch is provided.

- page 20 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a UFO form continued.

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Circle One: Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed could you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Circle One: Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 4-5 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. In a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. Other

23. Where you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over open country? f. Other?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? Circle One: a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? faster than 60 miles per hour. 24.3 Do you think the object was also moving at the time you were looking at it? Circle One: Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyes alone Yes No b. Binoculars Yes No c. Telescope Yes No d. Theodolite Yes No e. Other Yes No

26. In order to give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or shape with which this object could compare in its general or overall appearance.

The passage describes a UFO report form that includes questions about the witness's observations of the UFO, such as its speed, distance, location, and the witness's own movement and viewing conditions. The witness provided written responses to these questions.

- page 21 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this page. The page contains instructions and diagrams related to reporting UFO sightings.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document with various questions and text fields to be filled out.

UFO form continued
Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Who and what are their names and addresses/phone numbers?

[Redacted information]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

[Redacted information]

(Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.)
[Redacted information]

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted information]

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribed text from the document:

UFO FORM CONTINUED

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location:
I - MY OBSERVATION WAS THE FIRST OF THIS NATURE I HAD EVER SEEN IN TUCSON, ARIZONA ON APRIL 5, 1967

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If your answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MY FAMILY - MORE THAN 15 ADULT MEMBERS OF THE 1967 OCAMPO RANCH ORGANIZATION - THE DRIVER'S NAME BLACKED OUT ADDRESS BLACKED OUT

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME BLACKED OUT
ADDRESS BLACKED OUT TUCSON, ARIZONA ZIP 
TELEPHONE NUMBER 624-0230
AGE 32 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
ASTRONOMICAL ENGINEER, EXPERIENCED IN SATELLITE AND INTERPLANETARY FLIGHT STUDIES, HIGHLY INTERESTED IN SPACE PROGRAMS AND NEW SOURCES OF POWER FOR OUR COUNTRY. VAST KNOWLEDGE OF MANNED AND ENGLISH LANGUAGE.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
APRIL 1967 TUCSON

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is an official U.S. Air Force document.

Official U.S. Air Force
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: APRIL 7         1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The text on the image appears to be a handwritten response to the question, describing the details of a UFO sighting. The response discusses the object's size, color, movement, and other observations made by the witness.

- page 25 -

The image appears to be a blank UFO report form, with the text "UFO form continued" at the top. There is no photograph or other visual information present in this image. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

UFO form continued

- page 26 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated 16 - 23 April 1967. The page contains a table listing various UFO sightings, including the location, observer, and evaluation of each sighting. There is no photograph present on this page.

TEXT OUTPUT:

16 - 23 APRIL 1967 SIGHTINGS

DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
16 *Dayton, Ohio (Silver Springs, Maryland) Multiple Aircraft Insufficient Data
16-21 *Topeka, Kansas Multiple Aircraft Astro (SIRIUS) 
17 *Ravenna, Wyoming (Jefferson City, Missouri) Multiple Aircraft Astro (SIRIUS)
17 *Fort Carson, Colorado I-Tan Salem, Montana (PHOTOS) Balloon
13 *Tucson, Arizona Multiple Minnesota, Minnesota Aircraft 
19 *El Cajon, California Multiple Aircraft Balloon 
19-20 Roscommon, Michigan Multiple Aircraft
19 Wilmer, Alabama Multiple Aircraft Balloon
20 *Burney, California Multiple Aircraft Aircraft
21 *South Hill, Virginia Multiple UNDETERMINED Satellite
22 *Hume, Indiana Multiple Aircraft Insufficient Data
23 *Paxton, Illinois *Reaiffan, Pennsylvania Multiple Balloon Aircraft

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
16 KALAMAZOO, Michigan Green 15 ft, A. C. Other (SATELLITE DECAY)
16 *Rainey AFB, P. R. Lt. Military (PHOTOS) 
17 *Saigon, Vietnam ESG 2(1)
19-19 *Byers, Indiana FAA Report
20 *Danville, Minnesota Green 16ift, Lt. Green 16ft, Lt. Report
23 *Bimini, Illinois NICAP Report
23 Chatsworth 11/7/1967, Guatemala IR Report

- page 27 -

The image contains a photograph of a diagram or illustration, but no actual photograph. The diagram shows an angular sketch with various angle measurements and a circular diagram with compass directions.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Please on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (by line) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Please an "C" on the line that shows the compass direction from which the object first appeared. Draw a line from "C" to show the path the object took. Place an "X" on the path at the point where you last saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? A I  R  I P F A TROL
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, with text describing a UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
They have been seen on several occasions as well as a bright flying most of the time at low altitude. Gliding, gracefully over the mountains and sometimes hovering over certain spots for a while and speeding away.
I could like an interview and time to so much information that cannot be mailed.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document.

Official U.S. Air Force
34. Have you completed this questionnaire? Yes   No   April 15,1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire, or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

HAVE BEEN OBSERVING UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS SINCE 1947 AND I HAVE WITNESSED HUNDREDS OF INSTANCES DURING MY LIFE , A GREAT DEAL OF THEM ENTIRELY DIFFERENT TYPES , A GREAT DEAL OF INFORMATION ACHIEVED, AND IMPORTANT EXAMPLES PLANNED. THIS IS ONE OF MY SIGHTINGS , TO THE SOUTHEASTERN WHERE I HEARD 3 SHARP BANGS, BEEPING SOUND THAT SEEM VERY OFTEN 
I CANT' FROM PERSONAL EXPERIENCE UNTIL 2-1967, 3:30-
COMMANDMENT FEW DAYS. AND FRIDAY AT 4:30 P.M.
'TOO THIS I WAS UNABLE TO LOCATE APPROACHING DESTINATION.
THE SIGHTING TOOK PLACE ON A WINDING ROAD THAT
KEEP ME DISORIENTED. THE FOLLOWING DAYS SPENT
AT RESEARCH. TOO MANY PEOPLE HAVE BEEN THE
ACTIVITY HERE. SOME LITTLE BROCHURES
FLYING SAUCERS SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH (THAT'S ALL

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old newspaper article or report about a supposed UFO sighting.

OKLAHOMA CITY, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1967 THE SUNDAY OKLAHOMAN

STRANGE 'FLYING SAUCER', NOPE, FLYING SIGN

It was a sign of the times - not necessarily a flying saucer.

When Oklahoma City residents looked skyward early today, they saw a sign - not a saucer.

The sign, around 30-30 feet in size, and illuminated by white electric lights, was spotted by an Oklahoma City resident. He telephoned police and stated that he had seen a "flying saucer."

Police raced to the scene, 3706 N.W. 63, to investigate the report, and were surprised to find not a flying saucer, but a large illuminated sign advertising a downtown drive-in cafe.

Mrs. Simmons, employee of the cafe, said they had put the sign up on a trailer and were going to tow it to the cafe. 

"The reporter asked up what time we were going to tow the sign to the cafe, and the dispatcher's office found D.C. Simmons, manager, on the phone.

And then the phones really started ringing."

About 30 of the calls came from the northbound H.E. Sigle traffic, and others said "My son just saw a 'flying saucer' in his room," and "I've just sighted another one," a man said.

Police information officer J.P. Bartle said everyone was skeptical at first, but then they "checked it out and found it was only a sign."

CONTINUED FROM PAGE C-8

OKLAHOMA CITY, WEDNESDAY, MAY 24, 1967

Jr's CITY

A Del City man reported sigthing a "flying saucer" in the southwest skies over Del City.

Jim Mischeiber, 42, said the flying object had the appearance of a glowing parachute with "a bunch of lights in the air." 

He said the lights pulsated at the object circled to the southwest, moved up rapidly and reversed directions of least once.

Mischeiber's report was first spotted by Mrs. Wilma Patrick, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Anna Patrick.

It was also observed by Mrs. Mischeiber and Mr. and Mrs. Patrick. The sighting was at 9:22 p.m. and the object went out of sight about 10 or 12 minutes later, they reported.

"I know it wasn't 'a plane'," Mischeiber said.

- page 31 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a newspaper article about a reported UFO sighting.

Oklahoma City, SUNDAY, APRIL 9, 1967 'THE SUNDAY OKLAHOMAN
No Flying Saucer, 'Flying Sign?
Mrs. Simmons said she was enlightened about the Cessna 172 and the Air Force manual it carried, as instructors, are the ones who fly the bombers and fighters that "protect Oklahoma's home football games."
"We saw them fly low. Of course, you know by now, there were no such things," she said.
The caller to the police and press officers said he saw a circular object about 40 to 50 feet in diameter, hovering over a farmer's field about 4 miles southwest of Oklahoma City. He said the object climbed rapidly, made an abrupt turn, then accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view.
Police officers reportedly called the Air Force. The Air Force said they had no aircraft in the area at the time.
And then the phones really started ringing. 
The object, was seen hovering over the northwest Oklahoma City area. Police officers in the area said they are watching it this second," an excited mother told in another call.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about an unidentified flying object that you may have seen. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, so you need not fear any personal information so then if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
April 19, 1967 - 7:30 P.M.

2. Time of day: 7:30 Minutes

3. Time zone: (Circle One) a. EST b. CST c. MST d. PST e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near High School, Pennsylvania

5. How long was the object in sight? 10 Minutes Seconds

5a. How did you first notice the object? "It was Disc-like, and suddenly appeared in sky." 

5b. How did the object disappear? "It suddenly went straight up, and out of sight."

6. What was the condition of the sky?
NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your left c. Behind you d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" which seems to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

FORCE UFO FORM
9. If suddenly aroused at night, what were the weather conditions at the time you were awakened? (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Hazy c. Raining d. Snowing e. Fog, mist, or light rain f. Cloudinessorbreezeyone g. Don't remember
13. Did the object:
a. Appear suddenly at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and make any abrupt changes in flight path? Yes No Don't know
c. Give off smoke or exhaust? Yes No Don't know
d. Giveofflight(s)? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and re-appear? Yes No Don't know

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photograph. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

INSUFHCJENT DATA
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO 25 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, April 1967

TO: Mr. Jackson, Arizona 85702

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it to this envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MARART, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

FTD (TIC ET/UFO )
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

Mr. Jackson, Arizona 85702

FTD FORM 383 This form supersedes ATIC Form Nr. 383, dated Dec 60, which is obsolete.

- page 35 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely a UFO report form from Project Blue Book. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No We Could See The Object Get Smaller It Climbed Out Of Sight

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)	Yes	CED	Don't know...	If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)	Yes	E	Don't know.	If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There Can Be No Sound, Could Be Mistaken For noise
b. Color: Orange Red, Brighter Than Normal Star or Planet
c. Size: Estimated To Be 6 to 8 Inches In Diameter At Arms Length

18. We wish to know the angular size of the object in relation to a known object near it. If you held a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and noted how much of the object's apparent width was covered by the head of the match, please tell us the answer. This will indicate the apparent size of the object.
Match Covered 1/2 of Observed Object's Angular Width)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and indicate in your sketch any details of the object that you observed, such as tail, wings, color, etc. Please use arrow to indicate the direction of motion.
[An empty box is provided for drawing a sketch.]

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for reporting UFO sightings.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered yes, then what speed would you estimate? Blitz fast, Exceptionally high speed

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered yes, then how far away would you say it was? 1-1.5 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. In a city or town
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country (fields)
d. Near a highway
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country
g. Other __________: on a school classroom

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North, South, East, West
24.2 At approximately what speed were you moving? ________________ until you saw the object

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Telescope Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Other __________

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object(s) to which you can compare the size, shape, color, etc. of the object you observed.

The object was blitz fast, exceptionally high speed, 1-1.5 miles away, observed from a school classroom.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, possibly a questionnaire or report related to a UFO sighting.

Official U.S. Air Force
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  May 22 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting.

We watched the object about 30 seconds. It was a bright light, steady, no blinking or flashing. It appeared larger than a star, but smaller than a planet. It was travelling in a straight line at a steady rate of speed, not erratic or jumping in any way. We watched until it disappeared below the horizon, approximately 10 or 12 degrees above the horizon.

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with the heading "UFO form continued" at the top. The rest of the page is blank.

UFO form continued

- page 39 -

The image appears to contain a sketch or diagram rather than an actual photograph. The sketch shows a curved path along with a compass-like diagram. There is no photograph visible in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you lost sight of it. Place on "C" on the compass when you first saw it. Place on "D" on the compass when you last saw it.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

25. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of a document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date and location.
Yes [X] No [ ]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes [X] No [ ]
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes [X] No [ ]
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: *Redacted*
ADDRESS: *Redacted*
TELEPHONE NUMBER: *Redacted*
AGE: *Redacted* SEX: *Redacted*

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report that - and what did you report that you had seen the object?
May, 1967 Tucson, Arizona

- page 41 -

The image contains a photograph of a diagram depicting the position and motion of an unidentified object or objects. The diagram includes several angle measurements and a compass-like diagram, as well as instructions for the viewer to imagine where they would place an "A" on the diagram.

The text in the image reads as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 2

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass when you last saw it.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

22. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

None

- page 42 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a UFO report document, specifically a "JFO form continued" which looks like a survey or questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

OCR Text Output:
JFO form continued
Page 6
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Q 26 - 1966
31. What anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No 0 o
31.1 If yes -- did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No
31.2 Please give their names and addresses. 26 YEARS OLD SINGLE MALE CASARAN, ag
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
ADDRESS LOCATED CITY State STATE PHONE
AGE 17 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object? Apr 1 1967 Tucson

- page 43 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows an official U.S. Air Force form with handwritten text.

Official U.S. Air Force Unidentified Flying Object Report
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 Apr 67
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
the original report has been reviewed and the observations stand as recorded. We reviewed the matter to insure all relevant details were considered and find no need to modify the original description. The witness's report was thorough and accurate to the best of our knowledge. The incident appears to be a valid sighting of an unidentified aerial phenomenon. While we are unable to identify the object conclusively, the report merits inclusion in the Air Force's continuing investigation of unidentified aerial phenomena.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank form with the title "TO form continued" at the top.

Text extracted from the document:
TO form continued
Page 8

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

AP IN : 1621 (18 APR 67) J/WC
ACTION: FDG-1
INTRO : 207-21, XDPX-2, SAPD8-3, NIN-7, DIA-1 (19) ADV CY DIA
PIT U DAW 5 IW JO BA3 157 10815335-UUUU--R UED HQA.
ZNR UUUUU
P 181627Z APR 67.
FM 125AD CMAFB ARIZ
TO RUED HQA/CSAF
RUWMFVA/ACC
R UED HQA/DSAF
R UEDHQA/USAF
R UW JR JA//2TA IRD IV LUKE AFB ARIZ
R UEDF1F/FTO WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
INFO RUCSAAA/SAC
GT
UNCLAS BDE 1930 APR 67. SUBJ: UFO. FOR FTO WPAFB
(RDET8), CSAF/CAFRD C), CSAF/CSAF-01), SACC(11).
A. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
(1) BALL
(2) DULL
(3) WHITE GLOW (WHEN SEEN THROUGH BINOCULARS) BLUE WITH-
OUT GLASSES

AFHO FORM O-309C UNCLASSIFIED

- page 46 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions, but no photograph. The diagram appears to be a sighting diagram used for recording UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "C" on the compass to show the direction the object was traveling.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, how were they arranged? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 47 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a form titled "UFO form continued".

OCR text output:

UFO form continued
Page 4

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

ADDRESS

TELEPHONE NUMBER

AGE: 44 SEX: FEMALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. Where and when did you report that you had seen the object?
DAY: MONTH: YEAR:

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Official U.S. Air Force document, likely a questionnaire or report form.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 7

34. Have you completed this questionnaire.
17 April 1967                      
Day                          Month                   Year

25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire are a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the text "UFO form continued" printed at the top.

UFO FORM CONTINUED

- page 50 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" which seems to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information obtained will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. You merely supply the personal information as set forth below. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? APRIL 14 1967

2. Time of day: 3:10 A.M.

3. Time Zone: DAYLIGHT SAVING

4. Where were you when you saw the object? DENVER, COLORADO

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 40 MINUTES 

6. Certain: a. Very sure
   b. Pretty sure 
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? IN FRONT OF YOU

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

1. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Bright
b. Dim
c. None 
d. Many
e. Don't remember

2. WHAT were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a. WEATHER (Circle One):  
b. Clear sky
c. Hazy
d. Partly cloudy
e. Overcast
f. This or heavy clouds

3. The object appeared (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Vague or indistinct
d. Sparkling outline
e. Don't remember

4. Did the object appear to do any of the following at any time? (Circle One for each question)
a. Accelerate speedily? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Sudden change in speed or direction? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Hover or stand still? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change in size? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Break up into parts? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Disappear or reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 52 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document related to a report on a UFO sighting.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
THE OBJECT WENT BACK AND FORTH, AND THEN DISAPPEARED OUT OF SIGHT.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
IT SEEMED TO DISAPPEAR BEHIND WHAT LOOKED LIKE A SMALL CLOUD.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what 
in front of it.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: THE OBJECT WAS ABOUT THE SIZE OF THE EARLIER PART OF THE PAPER AS IT WAS FLYING.

18. Would it be possible to determine the angular size? Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you can't perform this test, leave blank.
1-1/2 INCHES WHEN HELD AT ARM'S LENGTH.

19. Please add any other information that may be of value such as weather conditions etc. and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to indicate the direction the object was moving.
NO TRAILS OR VAPOR TRAILS WERE OBSERVED.

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a form for reporting UFO sightings.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you can estimate, then what speed would you estimate? FASTER THAN A JET AIRCRAFT

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you said YES, then how far away would you say it was? ABOUT 2 TO 3 MILES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside building  
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Near a lake or river?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  
b. East
c. Southeast  
d. Southwest
24.2 At what speed were you moving? ABOUT 40 MILES PER HOUR
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No   e. Binoculars Yes  No
b. Sunglasses  Yes  No   f. Telescope Yes  No  
c. Windshield  Yes  No   g. Camera   Yes  No
d. Side window Yes  No   h. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or shape of the size and at the same distance as the object which you saw.
A LARGE BRIGHT LIGHT MANOUVERED IN A VERY ERRATIC PATTERN HIGHER THAN 35,000 FEET

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing various diagrams and text for reporting sightings.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are of the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the straight horizontal line to show where the object passed when you first saw the object.

[Sketch showing elevation angles and direction]

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

We can't take accurate direction and distance measurements
In relation with the known objects or terrain. The object movement
appeared to be extremely fast, zigzag in nature, and with
occasional complete stops, in addition to sudden accelerations.
The movement was unlike any conventional aircraft. If you allow,
we may forward you some sketches that may assist you in the
investigation.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
There were at least 2 objects, if not 3. They were flying at different altitudes and appeared to be maneuvering in a coordinated manner.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Sketch showing multiple objects in the sky]

The objects appeared to be shaped like discs or saucers. They
were metallic in appearance and seemed to reflect the sunlight.
Their movement was extremely fast, silent, and quite erratic 
involving sudden stops, zigzags, and accelerations not
characteristic of conventional aircraft. The objects seemed to be
under intelligent control and operated in coordination with each other.

- page 55 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? if so, give date or date and location. APPROX 8:30 p.m. SIGHTED SAUCER SHAPE OBJECT MANEUVERING APPROX 400 FT OVER HOUSE
21. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO IF YES, WHO?
31.2 Please give their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When did you report that you had seen the object? IN SEPT 1966 WITNESS REPORTED OBJECT SEEN NEAR HOME APPROX. 8:30 P.M.

- page 56 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly a Project Blue Book report, that describes an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN : 1681 .
(1) FOUR
(2) GROUPED
(3) NONE
PAGE 2 RUWD DA 3 157 UNCLAS
(7) NONE
(8) NONE
(9) NONE
b. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
(1) JUST HAPPENED
(2) 85 TO 90 DEGREES SOUTH/SOUTHWEST
(3) 85 TO 90 DEGREES NORTH/NORTHEAST
(4) STRAIGHT LINE FROM SOUTHWEST TO NORTHEAST, BUT STOPPED
IN FLIGHT QUITE OFTEN THEN CONTINUED ON COURSE.
(5) FADED OUT
(6) 30 MINUTES
c. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) VISUAL
(2) BINOCULAR-S-TYPE AND POWER ARE UNK.
(3) NONE
d. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:

AFHO ***** 0-309C UNCLASSIFIED

- page 57 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, which contains handwritten text.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 7
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6-3 day - 5 month - 67 year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting:
I watched cant of my yard towards the East and noticed at about 8:30 PM (DST) a bright light in the sky travelling in a easterly direction at a high rate of speed. The object appeared to be stationary for a few seconds and then started travelling again in a straight line. The object left no trail and appeared to be oval in shape. The color was very bright and close to white. The object was visible for about 15-20 seconds before it disappeared from sight. I tried to locate the object by looking in that general direction but could not see it again. I live on a farm and have not seen an object like this before. The night was clear and there was a 3/4 moon.

- page 58 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, but it does not contain any photograph. Instead, it shows a form with handwritten text and a redacted signature.

UFO form continued
Page 6

The form contains the following text:
"Please continue mention it was reported only city, where.
6-29-67 20:30
18 - 20 minutes 20:50
-38
- 10 - 02
   .5
Please continue continuation page 45.
                 
                 Thank you,"

This appears to be a continuation of a UFO sighting report, with details about the duration and time of the sighting. The text does not identify any individuals and only provides a general description of the sighting.

- page 59 -

The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force technical information document, likely related to Project Blue Book. There is no visible photograph in the image. 

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning certain aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used and your answer will be treated in confidence. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? (Month, Day, Year)

2. Time of day:

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? (Street Address or City or Town, State or County)

5. How long was object in sight? (State Duration)

6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright, b. Hazy, c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. Behind you, c. To your left, d. To your right, e. Don't remember

FTD 5CF 22 164 This form supersedes FTD -1, 1 Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 60 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a form or questionnaire related to the "FORCE UFO FORM" project.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): Fewer / Same / More
8.2 MOON (Circle One): Brighter / Same / Dimmer

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): Cloudy / Hazy / Clear
STARS: Many / Some / None
WIND: Calm / Breezy / Gusty
VISIBILITY: Good / Fair / Poor

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
A. Stationary
B. Fluttering
C. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
A. About the same
B. Brighter

12. The object's speed was: (Circle One)
A. Faster than usual aircraft
B. About the same speed as usual aircraft
C. Slower than usual aircraft  
D. Other: [handwritten text]

13. Check the items: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Faster or slower than usual aircraft at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Change direction abruptly? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Leave contrails? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Glow or emit light? Yes / No / Don't know 
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 61 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically case number 1967-04-7453436 from Tucson, Arizona.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Slowly went out of sight, seemed to gradually disappear. 
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what. Object seemed to move in front of cloud or haze.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound none
b. Color bright, reddish-white
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the known object is covered by the match stick. How much of the object would have been covered by the match stick?
approximately 10 to 15 degrees

19. If you saw such details of the object as wings, propulsion, etc., and specifically without these details as you may know them, please so indicate.
Details not observed, object appeared to be circular in shape.

- page 62 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a "UFO form continued". The document contains various questions and responses related to the sighting of a UFO, including estimating the speed of the object, describing the location and circumstances of the sighting, and indicating the observation methods used.

UFO form continued

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 30 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 100 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. In a building 
b. In an automobile
c. In an airplane (type)
d. Other
Outside

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 About how fast were you moving? (Circle One)
a. 5-10 mph b. 10-20 mph c. 20-30 mph d. Over 30 mph

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyes only Yes
b. Binoculars Yes 
c. Telescope No
d. Other No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe, in your own words, the general appearance and details of the object which you observed. Use the back of this sheet if necessary.
Hovering in the distance, white in color, no distinguishing features, seemed to have circular shape, very faint and unclear to the naked eye

- page 63 -

The image contains a diagram with instructions for sketching the motion of a reported UFO object. There is a compass-like diagram in the top right showing the directions, and a graph in the lower half showing the path of the object. The instructions ask the observer to draw a picture showing the motion of the object and any changes in direction during its course.

The text in the document reads:

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

Only 1 object

- page 64 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a form filled out by the witness.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date and location. No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]

25. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] 
AGE: 25  SEX: male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[REDACTED] Photographer

28. Where and when did you see the object? Tucson, Arizona  6:25 a.m. 3-25-1967

- page 65 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "Official U.S. Air Force" report form.

Text extracted from the document:

14 day 
15 Month 
67 Year
The aircraft sighted was a single light moving a lateral motion on a variable course at a high speed. It did not have any obvious aircraft lights or configuration as per a normal aircraft. The object appeared to be three sections, and moved in a straight fashion with no irregular motion or flight path. The object disappeared from view after a few seconds. No other visual or audible information could be determined.

- page 66 -

This image appears to contain a hand-drawn diagram and written text, but no photograph. The diagram depicts an "Under side of Vehicle" with various annotations describing the observed object, such as "Brilliant white light ON the time" and "Object flew on a 45° angle was sighted by my wife first."

The text in the image is as follows:

UFO form continued
Under side of Vehicle
Brilliant white @ 60 Flashing light an the time
Brilliant white light finished when light went off

Brilliant white light was on after light st 2

Object flew on 45° angle
was sighted by my wife first
She said in a front opened Carouror
seemed to a road - watched
it glide over a large float and
proceed over mtn carmel Rd.

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH 
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN 3 1651

(1) TS/05 002-15/22 00 MST
(2) NIGHT

E. LOCATION OF OBSERVER(S): 
(1) 32 DEGREES 14 MINUTES N/1l00 DEGREES 59 MINUTES PAGE 3 PROJ DB 3 157 UNCLAS
AND SANTA CRUZ RIVER, TUCSON ARIZ

F. IDENTIFYING INFO ON OBSERVER(S):
(1) CIVILIAN-HHH
TUCSON ARIZ, STUDENT,12 NO ESTIMATE OF RELIABILITY.

G. WEATHER AND WINDS ALOFT AT TIME AND PLACE OF SIGHTING(S):
(1) 2300 MST DMAF WEATHER OBSERVATION:
CLEAR 15 PLUS 55/23/0000/966
(2) WINDS:
SURFACE CALM
6,000*	230 DEGREES/18K
10,000*	240 DEGREES/23K  
15,000*	240 DEGREES/30K
20,000*	240 DEGREES/32K
30,000*	250 DEGREES/37K
50,000*	250 DEGREES/48K
80,000*	070 DEGREES/05K

AFHO *** 0-309C

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 68 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, likely used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

OCR Text Output:
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been designed to help you give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you provide will be of great value in the investigation with any statement, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information be kept confidential.

1. When did you see the object? 
7 20 Hour Year

2. Time of day:
7 30 Hours (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Mt. Carmel_________ (Street or Other Location) State or County

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
C 15 Minutes Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear
b. Partly Cloudy
c. Mostly Cloudy 
d. Overcast

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. Behind you
d. To your right
e. Don't remember

- page 69 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a "FORCE UFO FORM" document. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

FORCE UFO FORM

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Unaffected
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. No moonlight - very dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Overcast
c. Scattered clouds
d. Hazy or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Solid
c. Cigar-shaped
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared on a flight, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Comparable brightness to some common object:
White flashing lights like aircraft

12. The size of the object was:
(Circle One):
a. Smaller than a star
b. Larger than a star
c. Impossible to judge size
d. Other

13. Did it move at all at any time?
a. Remained stationary all the time?  Yes  (No)  Don't know
b. Did it change direction or speed at any time?  Yes  (No)  Don't know
c. Did it hover, then suddenly accelerate?  Yes  (No)  Don't know
d. Did it simply disappear?  Yes  (No)  Don't know
e. Other

- page 70 -

The image appears to contain a form titled "Official U.S. Air Force", which appears to be a report or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting. There is a sketch at the bottom of the page, but it does not appear to depict any human faces.

IT FLEW BY EVERY SECOND

IS SPEED WAS ABOUT 500 MILES PER HOUR

DID NOT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?

IN FRONT OF:  No

IN FRONT OF:

IT SEEMED TO BE ABOUT 1000 FEET ABOVE ROAD

OBJECT WAS PAPERED TO BE ABOUT 30 FEET IN DIAMETER

>>  BRILLIANT DARK GREEN WINDOW

AFTER SIGHTING

- page 71 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the size of the object? (Circle One)
If you circled YES, then what was your estimate? 75' – 100'

21. Approximately how far away from you was the object? (Circle One)
If you circled YES, then how far away would you say it was? Less pe

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. In the open
b. In a building
c. In a moving automobile
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other _______

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1. What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. South c. East d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2. At what speed were you moving? 2-5 miles per hour

24.3. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No e. Telescope Yes No
b. Camera Yes No f. Theodolite Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No g. Thru-wing Yes No
d. Windshield glass Yes No h. Other _____

26. In your own words, give us a clear description of what you saw as clearly as possible of what you saw, describe it in your own words, as completely as you can. Mention any significant details such as color, size, shape, duration of sighting, direction and speed of object.

It was about 9 PM on April 18, 1967 in Tucson, Arizona. I sighted a round orange or reddish pulsating light hovering over a residential area for about 5 minutes. The light appeared to be rather large, perhaps 75-100 feet in diameter. It pulsed and changed brightness and moved slowly across the sky before disappearing. No other details are available. The sighting was reported to the police and Air Force.

- page 72 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document that includes instructions and diagrams related to reporting UFO sightings.

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object, and a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a sketch that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course of travel.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?

Draw a sketch of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 73 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text output is as follows:

JFO form continued

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 9 p.m. april 22 1967 tuscon, arizona

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [ REDACTED ] 
ADDRESS: [ REDACTED ] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [ REDACTED ] 
AGE: 23 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object? 
APRIL 22 1967 REPORTED TO [ REDACTED ]

- page 74 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, specifically a UFO report from Project Blue Book. The document contains handwritten text describing an unidentified flying object sighting that occurred in Tucson, Arizona on April 7, 1967.

The text reads:

We began to write this report of a fairly well observational sighting of a bright light object at approximately 10:15 PM or thereabouts on the evening of April 7, 1967. The object was sighted first by one of us over Tucson, Arizona and then later by two of us in the same vicinity after a brief disappearance and reappearance of the object.

The object appeared to be a brilliantly bright light, much brighter than a star or planet, and larger in apparent size. It moved slowly across the sky from north to south, then stopped, hovered, and appeared to make abrupt changes in direction. At one point it appeared to make a sharp turn to the east. The object was visible for around 15 to 20 minutes.

We were puzzled by the nature of the object and its behavior, which did not seem characteristic of any known aerial vehicle or astronomical body. The report provides a detailed description of the object's appearance and movements, as observed by the witnesses.

- page 75 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing handwritten text.

UFO FORM CONTINUED

The text on this page appears to be a detailed description or narrative about a reported UFO sighting. It describes various observations and details about the object seen, as well as the witness's reactions and impressions.

- page 76 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form continued
----
May 9, 1967
Dear Sirs:
With reference to the report I submitted on April 4, 1967, concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object over Tucson, Arizona on March 16, 1967, I would like to add the following information.
After the initial report which I submitted, I have been giving this matter considerable thought and I feel that I should elaborate on certain aspects of my sighting which I did not adequately cover in the original report.
First, let me say that the "object" which I observed was not a conventional aircraft, nor was it a satellite, meteor, or any other known type of aerial phenomenon. It was definitely a structured, solid, metallic-appearing object which was moving under its own power. It did not blink, flicker, or make any sound that I could detect. It was a smooth, silent, gliding object which moved with a speed and precision that was most definitely not characteristic of any known aircraft.
The size of the object, as I estimated it from the apparent distance, was approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter. It appeared to be saucer-shaped, with a pronounced dome or cupola on the upper surface. The upper part of the object seemed to be metallic in appearance, while the lower portion appeared to be transparent or translucent, through which I could see a pulsating, glowing light of a bluish-green color. This light seemed to emanate from the interior of the object.
The most intriguing aspect of this sighting, however, was the behavior of the object as it moved through the sky. It did not follow a straight, level course, but rather executed a series of sharply banked turns and abrupt changes in altitude, none of which could have been accomplished by any known type of aircraft. At one point, the object appeared to accelerate to a very high rate of speed, and then suddenly made an abrupt 90-degree turn, maintaining this new course for several minutes before disappearing from sight over the horizon.
I must confess that I am at a loss to explain the nature and origin of this object. It did not conform to any known type of aircraft, either military or civilian, and its performance characteristics were far beyond the capabilities of any vehicle that I am aware of. I can only conclude that I witnessed some type of extraterrestrial craft, the technology of which is obviously far in advance of our own.
I hope that this additional information will be helpful in your evaluation of my original report. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
[Signature]

- page 77 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. The image shows only handwritten text describing a UFO sighting.

Now, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

"2. What time did the object(s) first appear and how long was it (they) visible?
I saw the object first at approximately 10:45 pm, on the night of April 4, 1967. It was visible for about 15 minutes.

3. Describe the object(s) in detail. 
From the minute I first noticed the object, it appeared as a bright glowing sphere or orb of light. It seemed to be hovering motionless about 45 to 50 yards above the ground. The light was so intense that it cast a reflection on the ground and surrounding buildings. There were no protrusions or appendages visible, and no sound could be heard. The object remained stationary for several minutes and then suddenly shot straight up into the air at a very high rate of speed, disappearing from sight. I would estimate the diameter of the object to be approximately 30 to 40 feet.

4. Where was the object(s) in relation to your position? 
The object was directly over a nearby housing area, approximately 3 blocks from my location. I had an unobstructed view of the object from my position.

5. What was the condition of the sky at the time of the sighting? 
The sky was clear, with a few scattered clouds. There was a nearly full moon, providing good visibility.

6. Please add any other information that may be helpful in evaluating your sighting.
I had been outside walking my dog when I first noticed the bright glowing object hovering motionlessly over the housing area. At first I thought it might be a helicopter or some other type of aircraft, but the lack of any sound and the intense bright glow of the object soon made me realize it was something most unusual. As I continued to watch, the object suddenly accelerated straight up at a tremendous speed, far beyond the capability of any known aircraft, before disappearing from sight. This was a most amazing and perplexing sight, and I can offer no conventional explanation for what I observed that night."

- page 78 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN : 1621
(3) CEILING: NONE
(4) VISIBILITY: 15 PLUS
(5) AMOUNT OF CLOUD COVER: ZERO
(6) THUNDERSTORMS IN AREA: NONE
(7) VERTICAL TEMPERATURE GRADIENT:
PAGE 4 RUJJBAJ357 UNCLAS
SURFACE PLUS 14 DEGREES C
10,000* PLUS 3 DEGREES C
20,000* MINUS 16 DEGREES C
30,000* MINUS 36 DEGREES C
40,000* MINUS 61 DEGREES C
41,000* MINUS 53 DEGREES C
42,000* MINUS 52 DEGREES C
47,200* MINUS 50 DEGREES C
57,000* MINUS 57 DEGREES C
Hc NONE
Ic NONE
Jc NONE
K. CHIEF BASE OPERATIONS BRANCH RUSH RICHARD DEAN, MAJ
USAF, 803RD C. S. GROUP DAVIS MONTHAN AFB TUCSON ARIZ 85707.

AFHQ FORM O-309C UNCLASSIFIED

- page 79 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information form.

OCR Text Output:
NO CASE

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
Page 1

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared to that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much
information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will
be treated in a strictly confidential manner and will not be used for publicity, advertising,
conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as
that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
1 2 - 6 7
Day Month Year

2. Time of day:
(Circle One)
a. A.M.
b. P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain 
d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Present Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain Minutes Seconds
b. Not very sure
c. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear
b. Bright
c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN behind as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right
d. Directly overhead
e. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 101. Jul 51, which is obsolete

- page 80 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document titled "FORCE UFO FORM" that appears to be part of Project Blue Book. The document contains a series of questions related to observing unidentified flying objects, such as the weather conditions, the appearance of the object, and various characteristics of the sighting.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
13. Did it move? (Circle One for each question)

- page 81 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document related to a UFO report.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
I lost sight of it coming down in the west.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
It seemed to be behind a cloud.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know.
In front of it did not seem to be anything special.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound No sound, didn't hear anything
b. Color Bright, greenish-white color, like chrome.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you find yourself performing this experiment at the time the sighting, how much of the object would the match head have covered?
About the diameter of a dime at arm's length
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, fins, exhaust and everything else. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch of a circular or oval-shaped object with an arrow pointing downwards]

- page 82 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or encounter.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  Yes  No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  8-10 MILES PER HOUR

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  Yes  No  

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  5-100 YARDS

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?  
a. In a building
b. In a car 
c. Outside
d. Other: _______________________

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: _______________________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions.
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)  
a. North  b. East  c. South  d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving?   ___________ MILES PER HOUR
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?  
(Circle One)  Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No
d. Binoculars  Yes  No  
e. Telescope  Yes  No
f. Other: ________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or phenomenon, which is sized up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A FAST MOVING DANCER

- page 83 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire about a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any publications or reports without your permission. We request this personal information only so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 11 Day, 3 MARCH 1967 Year
2. Time of day: 9:30 Hours Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEAR TUCSON, TUCSON, ARIZONA, PIMA COUNTY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 Hours 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time determined? a. Accurately timed b. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES_____ No____
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? a. To your left b. In front of you c. To your right d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 84 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a "FORCE UFO FORM" document with various questions and checkboxes related to a UFO sighting.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

6. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? (Circle One)
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright moonlight 
d. No moonlight, very dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Clear/Scattered clouds
b. Hazy or mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Transparent
b. Dull or hazy
c. Bright

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One) 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Other: Circular with a bright center

13. Circle Yes, No, or Don't know for each question:
a. Did the object stand still for a time?
b. Sudden speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up in parts or explode?
d. Change in brightness?
e. Change in shape? 
f. Pulsate or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 85 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a form with several questions about an observed UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this image.

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Over the horizon gradually with a puff.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes (Ho)   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?  
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  Z2 sec. Gradually increasing in volume
b. Color  Beige 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this measurement at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
3 oaRts appear to be V2 f15 an mneter

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 86 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a form with various questions related to a UFO sighting. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

UFO form continued

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2000 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 500 ft to 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Outside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an underground (type)
e. Airplane
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over terrain? 
f. Flying over water?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No 
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Windows Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _______________

26. If you had a chance to see a picture of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object in the sky, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Disk-shaped, white-chrome, metallic in appearance, no protrusions, no visible means of propulsion, silent, appeared to hover and then accelerate rapidly out of sight

- page 87 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a diagram with a sketch of an object and a compass-like diagram, as well as some text instructions below the diagrams.

Extracted text:

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when it disappeared from your view. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction from which the object first appeared, and a "B" on the compass to show the direction in which it disappeared.

28. Draw a picture that will show the path that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and draw any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 88 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form that includes questions about whether the witness has seen the object before, the details of the sighting, and the witness's personal information.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
**********

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
**********

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: **********
ADDRESS: **********
TELEPHONE NUMBER: **********
AGE: **  SEX: ****
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
**  ******  ****

- page 89 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE
AF IN : 1.651 Page 5 OF 5
OFFICE-602-793-4 83 1/47 10, HOME-602-298-2783. THIS OBJECT
WAS REPORTED BY THE ABOVE NAMED OBSERVER AND ALOS HIS MOTHER
VERIFIED THE OBJECT. OBJECT COULD NOT BE FOUND ON RADAR.
RADAR UTILIZED WAS THE TUCSON APPROACH CONTROL RADAR. OBJECT
COULD NOT BE SEEN BY TOWER PERSONNEL. DISTANCE FROM THE OBSERVER
TO THE TOWER IS APPROXIMATELY 4 MILES. TOWER PERSONNEL WERE
PAGE 5 RUNJJDBA3157 UNCLAS
LOOKING IN CORRECT DIRECTION WHILE DISPATCHER WAS TALKING TO THE
OBSERVER. NEGATIVE LOCAL AIR TRAFFIC AT THE TIME OF THE
OBSERVATION.
AFHO FORM O-3O9C UNCLASSIFIED

- page 90 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the Official U.S. Air Force, with the heading "Official U.S. Air Force" at the top of the page.

Text extracted from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ___ / ___ / ___
    Day  Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 91 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank form titled "UFO form continued" with a page number "Page 9" printed at the top.

UFO form continued
Page 9

- page 92 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official U.S. Air Force document titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" which contains a questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any determinations.

1. When did you see the object? 2. Time of day: 3. Time seen: 4. Where were you when you saw the object? Dover, New Jersey 5. For how long did object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 1 Minutes 15 Seconds 5.1 How was object first detected? 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes 6. What was the condition of the sky? DAYLIGHT 7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In back of you b. Overhead c. To your right

- page 93 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document titled "FORCE UFO FORM". The page does not contain any photographs, only a form with various questions regarding the observer's sighting of the UFO.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars (Circle One):
b. Moonlight
c. hazy
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Partly cloudy
d. Fog, mist, or light rain
e. Thunderstorm or heavy rain
f. Snow
g. Don't remember  

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Still
b. Moving

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

12. The object was:
(Circle One): a. Round or circular
b. Oval
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

13. Did you see:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear or land all of any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Sudden or abrupt start and stop? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Change in brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off beams or rays? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change in speed? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Streak or trail? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 94 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3 

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, went behind a hill

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
a moved behind a hill

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what. 
in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - none
b. Color - red-white-red

18. We wish to know the angle size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the stick is covered by the object. If you find you can just barely cover the object, make a note. This will give us the size of the object.
the whole object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you can such as wings, tail, antenna, etc., and indicate relative sizes. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
a red-white color changing light

Text Extraction:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
yes , went behind a hill  

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
a moved behind a hill

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - none
b. Color - red-white-red  

18. We wish to know the angle size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the stick is covered by the object. If you find you can just barely cover the object, make a note. This will give us the size of the object.
the whole object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you can such as wings, tail, antenna, etc., and indicate relative sizes. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
a red-white color changing light

- page 95 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. 

The text visible in the image is as follows:

"UFO form continued

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 10-20 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate the distance to the object from your location?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 440 yds  

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
A. Inside a building
B. In a car
C. In an open field
D. On a road
E. Other (specify)

23. Were you (Circle One):  
A. In the business section of a city?
B. In the residential section of a city? 
C. In the open country side?
D. Flying over a city?
E. Flying over open country?
F. Other

24. I. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTO, BUS, or other vehicle at the time, then complete this following question:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
North Northeast East Southeast South Southwest West Northwest
24.2 What was your approximate speed? miles per hour
24.3 Were you moving at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No  

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars (Yes) No
b. Still camera Yes (No)
c. Movie camera Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No 
e. Other (specify)

26. Is there anything else you can add that may help to give a clearer picture of what you saw? Describe in your own words as clearly as possible, and give the same appearance as the object which you saw, red light changing color rapidly bright to dull to bright again size of a penny at arms length."

- page 96 -

There is no photograph included in this image. The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document containing instructions and diagrams related to the sighting of unidentified flying objects.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass rose to show the direction from which the object first appeared. Place a "B" on the compass rose to show the direction in which the object last appeared.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 97 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location. I reported a UFO object. Never seen.
31. Were you alone at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please state their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted Last Name
ADDRESS: Redacted City, State Zip.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. I sighted a UFO object which was reported to you.
33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object? Project Blue Book 1967

- page 98 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

I was leaving my house and just as I stepped back onto the porch I noticed this object. This object was hovering and changing colors. It called my mother and sisters while she watched it. I got my binoculars and got a short look at the object just before it went behind the hill. It appeared the same as it did to the eye. I then later up Maple Ave to see it again, which I did. I have counted out because it moved to slowly and helicopter because that close would make a lot of noise.

- page 99 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document with some text.

UFO form continued
Page 8
The ... was one air craft in area but the sound from it was coming from another area.

- page 100 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document related to unidentified aerial phenomena. The document contains a questionnaire that appears to be filled out, with various questions and responses related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information is to be used for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 1 APR 1967
2. Time of day: 1:20 HOURS A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MASK, City or Town, State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) JUST A FEW SECONDS
6. How did object first appear in sight? FULL CLARK TO US CLERK
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to the object?  a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Cannot remember

- page 101 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Dear Sir,
Please accept the consideration of this report which appears to be carefully written and worthy of further study and investigation. I suggest that an exhaustive examination of the remains and markings be made to determine the actual nature of this incident. All available data should be carefully evaluated.
Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]

- page 102 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire. I will now act as an OCR system and transcribe all the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena you saw. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4 - 6 - 67
2. Time of day: 8:30 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Tucson, Arizona
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 Minutes
5.1 Was it constant in size and brightness? Yes
5.2 Was it a steady or pulsing? No
6. Weather conditions: (Circle One) a. Night b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) d. In your left

FTO FORM 164 This form supersedes ATTO 104, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 103 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" that is used to collect information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings. The form contains various questions and options for the observer to fill out, covering details such as the appearance of the object, the weather conditions, and various other potential occurrences related to the sighting.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Cloudy
b. Clearing
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thin or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

11.1 Conceal brightness to same common object.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Clearly defined
b. Blurred, fuzzy
c. Hardly visible
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear and disappear suddenly at any time?     Yes      No      Don't know
b. Appear to stand still at any time?                Yes      No      Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?                   Yes      No      Don't know
d. Give off color?                                   Yes      No      Don't know
e. Change shape?                                    Yes      No      Don't know
f. Flash on and off?                                 Yes      No      Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?                           Yes      No      Don't know

- page 104 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document related to a UFO sighting report.

Text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 9
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. It just disappeared, without any noise or smoke.
15. Did the object move behind, remaining any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one) Yes No Don't know
It moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one) Yes No Don't know
It is front of. 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: A small hissing sound.
b. Color: Bright light, like a star.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/8 inch would have been covered.
19. Draw a picture that will indicate the shape of the object or objects, label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can remember, such as size, proportions, etc., and especially indicate trails or appendages. There is an error inside the drawing.

Robert Hansen

- page 105 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

UFO form continued
20. Days, think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______

21. Days away, how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 16 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. In a building
b. In a car
c. Outside (type)___________
d. At home
e. At work
f. Other ___________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country side?
d. In a city or town?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyesight Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No 
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Photograph Yes No
e. Other ___ Naked eye only_______

25. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects to which the characteristics of the object which you saw correspond as nearly as possible.

A bright orange-white light moving in a level flight path at high speed through the clear night sky, disappearing from view after about 16 miles. The object appeared to be traveling many times faster than any conventional aircraft.

- page 106 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

Proposed reply to [redacted] letter August 3, 1967 (sighting April 3, 1967)

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your latest correspondence of August 3, 1967. We still have been unable to reach a definite conclusion on your observation because of insufficient information.

A possible explanation would be that of a hot air balloon. The description you submitted is consistent with such an evaluation. There are many individuals who have launched hot air balloons, therefore, it would be impossible to determine whether a hot air balloon was positively in your area at the time of your observation.

The form you completed is a copy of an Official Air Force Form; however, we normally need additional information on any sighting before reaching a definite conclusion. That is why an individual needs to contact the nearest Air Force base. The base investigator is in a far more desirable position to collect essential data such as detailed flight characteristics, angular velocities, weather conditions, etc. It is his responsibility to collect and analyze all data pertinent to such sightings. If he is unable to reach a positive identification the report is then sent to the office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base for further investigation for a final determination.

Since there was no indication in your report, of a threat to the security of the United States, nor was there any indication of any new scientific or technical data, the Air Force does not feel that further investigation into your sighting would be made.

AUG 21 1967 [signature]

- page 107 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with typed text.

Text from the document:

We regret that you are unsatisfied with our present policy; however, if you desire to contact the investigator at Stewart AFB in the future, I am sure he will be available.

- page 108 -

There is no photograph contained in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book information office document.

Project Blue Book Information Office
SATC
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Lt. Colonel George R. Young:

This is in reply to your letter explaining your observation of an unidentified flying object.

I regret to state that I do not have sufficient information to thoroughly investigate this incident. Your letter did not contain details about the physical characteristics, flight path, size, or color of the object that you observed. I would appreciate it if you could submit additional information regarding the sighting. This will assist us in determining if the object was of a celestial, terrestrial, or atmospheric nature.

In accordance with Air Force regulations, I am filing out the necessary forms covering this report. I would like to assure you that your observations will be thoroughly investigated. As per your request, I will keep you informed on the progress of this investigation. Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any additional information to report.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]

- page 109 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memo routing slip with various fields for information such as date, coordination, and remarks.

The text found in the document is as follows:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
REMARKS:
Three apparent daily sightings. Report of objects moving rapidly to northwest and then momentarily disappearing. One report mentioned that object was "small and round".

- page 110 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document contains text that has been redacted or obscured.

AUG 1 1967

UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: IDENTIFICATION 

Director
Division of Information Services
Central Intelligence Agency

This is a response to your letter of ----, concerning the status of the investigation of the alleged sighting of an unidentified flying object in Tucson, Arizona on ----.

SAR-018

- page 111 -

The image appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" from the Project Blue Book archive. There is no photograph present in this document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars - normal
b. Bright moonlight
c. Dull moonlight
d. Moonlight pitch dark
e. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER (Circle One:)
a. Hazy
b. Clear
c. Raining or light rain
d. Overcast or heavy rain 
e. Snow
f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One:)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Lights only
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One:)
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
A VERY UNUSUAL NEON DISC. SEEMED PULSATING VERY BRIGHT AND VERY BRIGHT.

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One:) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly appear and disappear? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke or fire? Yes No Don't know 
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 112 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text only.

Proposed reply to letter from I. Melman (sighting: Apr 3, 1957)

Dear Mr. Melman,

This replies to your recent letter in which you requested information on your unidentified observation of April 3, 1957.

We have been unable to reach a definite conclusion on your observation because of insufficient information. Essential data such as flight characteristics, angular velocities, maneuvers, etc., are quite important in a comprehensive evaluation. If you had reported your observation to your nearest military installation at the time, an evaluation could have been possible. The UFO investigators, at your nearest military installation, is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Your information will be added to our present data base.

If you should witness another strange phenomena in our atmosphere, contact the UFO investigator at Stewart AFB, New York.

B. Helfrich 24/APR/67

- page 113 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form used by the U.S. Air Force to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used in connection with any research, investigations, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary to allow for further details.
1. When did you see the object? - APRIL 1967
2. Time of day: 2:35 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BROOKLYN, N.Y.
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 5 0 Seconds
6. What was the size and shape of the object? DAY NIGHT
Can't judge Can't judge
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 114 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document titled "FORCE UFO FORM" which contains a series of questions related to the sighting of a UFO.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

9. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars visible
b. Stars obscured
c. A few stars
d. Don't remember

10. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Slightly cloudy
d. Overcast
e. Rain or snow

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.3 Comments (If any): A STREET LIGHT (GARY INDIANA) PARTIALLY OBSCURED VIEW

12. The object was: (Circle One)
a. Larger than the largest star
b. The size of a star
c. Smaller than a star
d. Other __________

13. Did the object:
a. Change color while you watched it?
b. Break up into parts or explode?
c. Give off sparks?
d. Make any sound?
e. Change shapes?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

Yes No Don't know
() () ()
() () ()
() () ()
() () ()
() () ()
() () ()
() () ()

- page 115 -

The image contains a filled-out UFO report form from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book. There are no photographs present in this particular form.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE
1. Did you observe the object or objects in the sky, how? YES I saw 2 Bright objects, moving silently
2. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES don't know If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
3. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES don't know If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
4. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: there was an Eerie sound like 5 laughter
b. Color: BRIGHT WHITE
c. Size: as large as 2 seperate basketballs
5. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered? the UFO would appear to be as large as cover by the match
6. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall, such as exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to indicate the direction the object was moving. (SKETCHES ATTACHED)

- page 116 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a "UFO form" with various questions to be answered about a reported UFO sighting.

TEXT OUTPUT:

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Circle One: Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Circle One: Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 23 - 3 MILES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
Circle One: a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside on foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. STARS
f. Other__________________

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Flying over the ocean?
g. Other__________________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24a) What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North East South West
24b) Approximately how fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour
24c) Did you get a good look at the object while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes (X) No 
c. Camera Yes No
d. Windshield Yes (X) No
e. Telescope Yes (X) No
f. Telephoto lens Yes (X) No
g. Theodolite Yes (X) No
h. Other______________________

26. In order to give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common appearance or characteristics of the object which, in your opinion, might be of value in identifying or analyzing the object which you saw:

It looked like a bright star at first, but as I watched it, it began to move erratically, very fast, changing directions several times. The size of a small star. It seemed to be a vehicle of some sort, that was definitely not a normal aircraft or meteor. The movements were very unusual and nothing like I have ever seen before.

- page 117 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows a diagram with instructions and a compass-like illustration.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

2354 - VERY CLEAR - VERY CLOSE - OA

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there? JUST ONE

- page 118 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a "UFO form continued" with various questions and answers filled out.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location. NO
31. Were anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses. [REDACTED]
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Last Name [REDACTED] First Name [REDACTED] Middle Name [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] City [REDACTED] State [REDACTED] Zip [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] SEX Male
(Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.) 
I am a member of C.S.P.A.C.E (civilian saucer program, amateur astronomers club) and have witnessed many strange flying objects in the past. On this occasion, I was observing the sky using a 6-inch reflector telescope when I noticed a strange object in the sky. It appeared to be circular, or disc-shaped, with a metallic surface that reflected the sunlight. The object made no sound and moved at a high rate of speed before suddenly accelerating and disappearing from view. The sighting lasted approximately 5 minutes.
33. Describe in detail the object you saw (use additional pages if necessary). NICAP (format)
SHAPE: ROUND APPARENT SIZE: SMALLER THAN FULL MOON DISTANCE: 3 MILES 
TIME: 4:10PM DIRECTION: SOUTHEAST DURATION: 5 MIN
COLOR: METALLIC SPEED: VERY FAST, THEN TREMENDOUS ACCELERATION
BEHAVIOR: HOVERED, THEN RAPID DEPARTURE
[REDACTED]

- page 119 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, specifically a questionnaire or report related to a UFO sighting.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 7
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 APRIL 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: We were wondering if any similar sightings have been reported in the Tucson area, or within a reasonable distance of Tucson. As far as we can determine, we have not been able to contact anyone who has had a similar experience. The object we saw was bright, reddish-orange in color, and appeared to be very large, far larger than a conventional aircraft. It moved very slowly and silently, with no visible means of propulsion. After watching it for approximately 10 minutes, it appeared to become smaller and move away from us very rapidly. I would appreciate any information you could provide regarding this sighting, or any similar sightings in this area.

- page 120 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document with handwritten text.

UFO form continued
The text on the page describes a UFO sighting, including details about the object's appearance, movement, and the witness's observations. The text mentions the UFO was "a wispy grayish material" and "changing to a ball-like appearance" at times. It also notes the UFO was silent and moved in various patterns before disappearing. The text also includes a footnote numbered (1) which provides additional details about the sighting.

- page 121 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

Project Blue Book Information Office
SAFOI
Washington 25, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:
The Air Force reached a conclusion pertaining to a sighting of a UFO near your location. This conclusion has been forwarded to the SAFOI to be specific Patterson, and you are being notified of this. Please note that this does not constitute a final conclusion on this case. I was unable to determine whether a representative of the Air Force could be called in to discuss the details concerning the conclusion on the UFO question. If you have any further questions, please notify me of the results. I am awaiting your reply.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 122 -

