The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that contains a detailed description of a UFO sighting.

PROJECT: 12073 RECORD 
2. LOCATION X Dayton, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION Astro (VENUS) Very bright.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Object appeared to be the stars, and orange color. Object did not disappear, but looked for object 40 minutes.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:  TDPT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 18 May 1967

TO:   Dayton Daily Ohio, Dayton, Ohio

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. If you have any photographs or additional data relating to this sighting, please forward them in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

CHARLES C. MARANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give us much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed.  The information that you give will be used for research purposes.  Your name will not be used in connection with any reports, publications, or communications without your permission.  We need information such as this to continue our study of this problem.

1. When did you see the object?
18 MAY 67

2. Time of day:
6:43  Hour
0 Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): A. Eastern     
B. Daylight Saving
C. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
DAYTON, OHIO

5. How long did you object in sight?
Certain

5.1 How was the time in sight determined?
c. Certain

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
A. Clear
B. Partly Cloudy 
C. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?
a. To your left
c. To your right

FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 53, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely a questionnaire or form filled out by a witness regarding a sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcription of the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. Less
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off a light?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear?

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Appeared to float slowly off to an area behind the trees.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? YES
IF the object moved behind, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? NO
IF you answered YES, then tell what.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - LO
b. Color - Light grey circular object with dark spots.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a sketch that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object, such as size, proportions, etc., and specifically show trails or vapor trails. Place on this inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Sketch shows a circular light grey object with dark spots, moving across the sky.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a sighting. 

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR system output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you circled YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you circled YES, then how far away would you say it was?

23. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside (specify)
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text OCR output is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
No
Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
Please list their names and addresses:
H. C. Dodd - Name and address redacted
Please give the following information about yourself:
Name, Address, Telephone Number, Age, Sex redacted
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Dec. 9, 1967 - sighting of a UFO at a chit of the 's) approximately

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Capt. MacGuillicuddy, 5th Dist. O. I. C.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document with handwritten notes.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 May 67
Year 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
we have just read about air military vehicles of course. they were flying in and out of wightman field on 1 or 2 occasions that I could see, around 7:15 pm to 7:30 pm on 23 february 1967. they were very high and traveling fast. they looked round and glowing and did not appear to leave any trails behind them. when they would appear they would just suddenly be there and then in a short period of time they would just disappear.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project 10073 Record, with various fields filled out, including the date, location, source, number of objects, type of observation, course, witnesses, photos, and physical evidence.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP 19 MAY 67 Varied
2. LOCATION Dayton, Ohio 
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS Possible: 1 AIRCRAFT
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 3 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground visual
7. COURSE NNE
8. WITNESSES 5 
9. PHOTOS None
10. CONCLUSIONS Observor first thought that the object was a star but after looking at it, noticed that it had two beams at angles from its center and was moving towards the object. The object then vanished in 3 minutes leaving no trace. No noise was heard. WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB is located near Dayton and possibly has numerous aircraft operating and on numerous flights throughout the day. But there is nothing to indicate that the object could not have an unusual or extraordinary nature. The object is estimated to have been approx. 40 miles distant. It is not well described in this report. FTD S-133 0-227 (7-65) PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, providing details about an unidentified object sighting.

PROJECT 10673 RECORD
LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
CONCLUSION: The object was a light - first appearing as a star and then gradually growing brighter and brighter. The object was silent. Color: bright, very bright orange and almost red.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a technical information questionnaire that has been filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 17 DAY, MAY, 67 YEAR
2. Time of day: 7:30 HOUR MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEAR PIQUA, OHIO City or Town PIQUA State or County OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 HOURS 34 MINUTES 0 SECONDS
a. Certain b. Not very sure c. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes X No
5.2 Was object in sight continuous? 
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Clear b. Cloudy a. Bright b. Cloudy DAYLIGHT .....CLEAR
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right
FTD (CT-02) 1164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information document related to Project Blue Book, a historical government program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION QUESTIONNAIRE

This questionnaire has been prepared to obtain from you additional information concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you supply will be used for research purposes only. Your name will not be used, nor will it be associated with the results of this inquiry. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 1:00 Hour Minutes (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration): __ Minutes __ Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Hazy c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your back c. To your right d. To your left

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and checkboxes related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

OUTPUT:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One): None
b. MOON (Circle One):
c. Bright moonlight
d. Full moonlight
e. No moonlight - pitch dark
f. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear sky
WEATHER (Circle One): Dry
b. Hazy
c. Overcast
d. Moderate to heavy rain 
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Light
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Compared to some common object: Brighter than some objects

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Clearly blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember 

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Drift slowly side to side or up and down?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Leave a trail?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: Round, disk
b. Color: Bright, very bright, reddish - almost red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Appears to be about 2 inches or less to cover the whole object from this location.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please give some indication of the direction the object was moving.

(Handwritten notes describing the object and associated details are included in the image.)

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes (No) 
If you answered YES, then how far away from you say it was?The object was very large and distant

23. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (gyro)
e. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving at the time?
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) e. Binoculars Yes (No)
b. Telescope Yes (No) f. Telescope Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No) g. Theodolite Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No) h. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Please describe the object here.

- page 16 -

The image contains a sketch and a compass image, but no photographs.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you saw, at the point shown, Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. These are the angles on the compass that you first saw the object and last saw the object (on the compass, show you saw the object first at 80° and last at 30°).

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or description.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If yes, answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 29
SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Reported to: [REDACTED]
Day 6: Month 5: Year 1967

- page 18 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. Instead, it shows a handwritten text describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 Jun 1967
35. Information which you feel should be considered and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire: This object was in view for a period of time, but was not readily observable to be positively identified as any aircraft. The object
was about the size of a star at arm's length but gave off an intense reddish glowing light. The light seemed to be
pulsating or rhythmic in nature and the object appeared to slowly drift along a horizontal path across the sky. As
it passed from view there was no trail or exhaust apparent, nor was there any sound associated with the object.
The apparent size of the object was smaller than a normal jet but much larger than a star. I cannot estimate the
distance from the viewer or give any details as to altitude. The viewing conditions were very clear and the moon
was only a thin crescent in the southern sky, not a factor in the viewing. There was no cloud cover and no other
air traffic observed during the period of the sighting. The duration of the sighting was approximately 5 to 3
minutes.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO TDIS/UFO
ATTN OF: JUN 1 3 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 25 May 67

TO: Dayton, Ohio 45410

Reference your unidentified flying observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. We must have additional data such as size, color, shape, duration of sighting and any other pertinent details. If you can complete USAF Form 164 and return it to the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES G. MARAFT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which appears to be a questionnaire for reporting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications which may result from this personal information as we require that certain details remain confidential.

1. When did you see the object?
Day Month Year

2. Time of day:
Hour Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central
c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was the object in sight? (This Duration)
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How long was the object in sight? Hours Minutes Seconds
5.2 Was the object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. CLEAR b. NIGHT - Bright c. CLOUDY

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a questionnaire-style document.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Normal, b. A few, c. Fuzzy, d. Obscured, e. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full, b. Crescent, c. Half, d. Obscured, e. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Flickering, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like bright stars, c. Well-defined, d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Climb or descend? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Many
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Partial 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Haze
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: [HANDWRITTEN RESPONSE]

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO DON'T KNOW
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO DON'T KNOW
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO DON'T KNOW
d. Give off smoke? YES NO DON'T KNOW
e. Change brightness? YES NO DON'T KNOW
f. Change shape? YES NO DON'T KNOW
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO DON'T KNOW

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or form with questions about the observers' experience with an unidentified object, such as whether the object disappeared while being watched, whether it moved behind or in front of something, and details about its appearance and behavior.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
c. Size

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially what trails or vapor trails, if any, the object left.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text in the form of a questionnaire. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business district of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield? 
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?    ___ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?  
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars       Yes    No
b. Sun glasses      Yes    No 
c. Windshield       Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No
e. Telescope        Yes    No
f. Theodolite       Yes    No
g. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of the object or objects which you saw, would you give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a sketch and a compass diagram. The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a sketch of how they were sighted, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely a questionnaire or form to be filled out by someone who has witnessed a UFO. 

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME
Last Name - First Name - Middle Name
ADDRESS
Street - City - Zone - State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE
SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: - Day - Month Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a questionnaire or form that the observer filled out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? #c- ?-cf .-.:uc{~ucu.ct lo~zr.,6-,055 .,z~3n {

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ___1 (__~ 
b. Color  _ c-:_c_~ c~.~ ,,; c.._

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch all details of the object, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple sketch labeled "ACo" is included.]

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or survey about a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? __________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? __________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building (describe): ___________________________
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ___________________________________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________________________________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other ________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
______________________________________________________________________________

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with various instructions and diagrams related to the observation and reporting of unidentified flying objects.

Text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No response has been selected.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 23 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. [Redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Cont H - reported to CRI Dayton 77p

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or questionnaire related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

According to the OCR, the text found in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17 Day 6 Month 1967 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

without direct bearing, other may witnesses

- page 33 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with a form-like structure containing various fields such as "REPORT CASE GROUP", "LOCATION", "SOURCE", "DATE-TIME GROUP", "INITIAL OBSERVATION", "DURATION OF OBSERVATION", "OBJECTS/COMMENTS", and "NOTES".

1. REPORT CASE GROUP: 9077475
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian  
4. DATE-TIME GROUP: 9 May 1967
5. INITIAL OBSERVATION: Low-altitude object
6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 16 mins
7. OBJECTS/COMMENTS: As given
8. NOTES: Nil

- page 34 -

