The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
2. LOCATION: Toms River, New Jersey
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (SATELLITE)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: All the observers saw was a light that appeared to move from same shape and brightness as the moon. No other physical evidence.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document, which appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 12

4 June 1967

The text in the document is as follows:

was 4 in back of them. They say the object was moving from north to south. The fact that the object had the same color as the moon, and only gave off enough light around the moon, leads one to think that as they say, it may not have been a star. judging by the speed (60 miles per hour) they may have come to earth in a round-a-bout way.

It is changing the single to the moon, they think the object may have moving from around to a great height. In view of the tremendous number of inconsistencies the report, the fact that the two in the car did not see it, and the short duration of the incident, I tend to this conclusion. However, I think that confirming data would be best.

28. 25 April 1967, Port Chester, New York.
Not in my current file. Apparently misplaced. Will look for it.

29. 26 April 1967, Preston, Iowa.
Even though this has five witnesses, the report contains sufficient information for a meaningful evaluation. Missing, and witnesses were adolescents. Case could be considered to as possible balloon, or possible sunlight reflection, etc.

30. 29 June 1967, Scotts Plain, New Jersey.
Several attempts to get in touch with the original witness have proved futile. The man, Danny Brown, truck driver, was telephone listed, and I received no response to letters sent him. He may have an unlisted number or not traceable. Key witness, also was not reachable. No phone listed and I did not know where to locate him.

Yet despite this, original report stated that there were corroborative witnesses. Apparently the Air Force investigator was unable to locate any of these, or give any leads as to how they might be identified.

Also the report has a strangeness of 2.4, but relatively low reliability. The report states that the object appeared at one time about 100 feet from the observer and at a time about 300 feet away and at 1,000 feet. No time-motion pattern was established. I would recommend that in view of the fact that it is impossible for any additional information, the case be considered Insufficient Information, with the statement that the report was so bizarre and so suggestive of something strange that there should have been immediate and comprehensive follow-up.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBT/UFO 3 May 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 23 Apr 67

TO: *REDACTED*, Pennsylvania 19134

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached AFD Form 164 and return it to me. This will provide sufficient information for reporting your observation.

GEORGE C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten letter or report.

Dear Sir,
This is a handwritten document that appears to be a report or letter. It does not contain any photographs, only the written text.

The text of the document is as follows:

"Dear Sir, 
This is at all my long f-riend a you as an unusual and strange object to look about the same time about 1/2 the size of full moon and about the same location in the moon. It is strange to me I have had at this object to be all the very center of what I would a to what I see this after a short time and put the same but think my good friend after night for about 1/2 minutes about a how long a firm me to as I would see with although I would see it though I have made a short of a few minutes and put the same but think my good friend to find a right for about 1/2 minutes about a half and about 6:30 in the evening light 23 - but we had traveled much on much in the Brilliant new Jersey. This is not quite I come for a good night in the only time I have noticed a a-light of the object.

Sincd"

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a questionnaire form to gather information about a sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as quickly as possible regarding any unidentified aerial phenomenon that you may have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any state conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that it is deemed necessary, and you may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 22 APRIL 1967
2. Time of day: 6:25 Hour (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? TOMS RIVER LAKE
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours: Uncertain Minutes: Seconds: 
5.1 How was the time in sight determined? APPROXIMATE
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY - NIGHT: a. Clear - b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember 

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a detailed questionnaire with various questions about the observed object and weather conditions.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Numerous
b. A few
c. Bright
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away or any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't know.   IF you answer yes, it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't know.   IF you answer yes, it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound

b. Color X light colored, like a match

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this test, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
I did not have a chance to make this test.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a series of questions and answers.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section 
b. In the residential area
c. In open countryside
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyes alone Yes No 
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.
A. Very LARGE. SHAPED LIKE A CIGAR. SILVER/GREYISH IN COLOR. Bright LIGHTS AT EACH END.

OCR Text Output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In the residential area 
c. In open countryside
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyes alone Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.
A. VERY LARGE. SHAPED LIKE A CIGAR. SILVER/GREYISH IN COLOR. BRIGHT LIGHTS AT EACH END.

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains two sketches or illustrations. The first is a sketch showing the position and angles of an observed object in the sky, with a compass rose to indicate the direction. The second sketch shows the motion path of an observed object or objects, with an arrow indicating the direction of movement.

Text Transcription:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you last saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR text output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location:
SEPTEMBER 23 , 1967 - TOMS RIVER , N_J.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes     No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes      No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 14  SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be relevant to your observation:
I INCLUDED IT IN MY QUESTION

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
PROJECTED DATE: SEPTEMBER 23, 1967

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text visible on the page is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  ___ ___ ___
                                           Day  Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

The text found in the document is as follows:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla  
4 June 196_

25. El Cajon, California, 19 April 1967.
We have another sighting to consider here. A tossup between aircraft and possible unidentified, but since there is no previous sighting or finding, unless we determine whether this is a specific item in further consideration up there as at that specific time, there is no reason to examine or consider whether this is an aircraft or a visual phenomenon. I have now determined that the witness reported what appeared to be a formation, but this seemed to be of formations, several formations, however, and the principal witness, quite familiar with aircraft, does not seem that many aircraft would have been heard. This is a case in which the "possible" in the "possible aircraft" should be emphasized rather than the word "aircraft".

It might be of interest in my discussion with Dr. _____ to indicate that he has suggested to _____ that they conduct to an examination in this matter of statistics, it is indeed most unfair to suggest or individual difficulties in connection with serious problems. However, we must not be reluctant to use a designation, for instance, aircraft A, B, C, etc., should mean positive identification, no question at all, that it was aircraft, but positive identification was not made. I intend to use a designation, for instance aircraft A, but I would mean positive identification, no question at all, that it was aircraft, but positive identification was not made.

27. 22 April 1967, Tom's River, New Jersey.
The evaluation here should be changed from possible aircraft to insufficient and conflicting data. My own feeling on this is that the data may not be reflective since the quite shortly a report was made, it was made some time after the observation, it is likely that the duration was a bit longer, four others in the vicinity heard or saw nothing.

Now as to the inaccuracies the moon rose that day about with her a very close to the east of the moon. However, at that time, the moon had dark areas just be setting and Mars would not yet be visible. However, this moon was in the southeastern part of the sky. This is indicated that they were traveling west, yet they say that the moon was in the southeastern part of the sky.

- page 12 -

