The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely part of Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

CASE TIME GROUP
LOCATION
SOURCE
CONCLUSION 
No data pertaining to indicate object could have been distinguishable.
NUMBER OF OBJECTS
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object resembled a star-like object in a cloudy sky. Disappearance and reappearance of object could not be explained.
TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual
COURSE
PHOTOS
No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observed by witnesses.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 5 July 1967
2. Time of day: 11:00 Minutes 0 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 6009 Ridge City, West Lafayette, Indiana
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 0 Minutes 45 Seconds. (Circle One): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy. NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Steadily brighter than blinking beacon 

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time?, b. Suddenly speed up or slow down at any time?, c. Break up into parts / explode?, d. Give off smoke?, e. Change brightness?, f. Change shape?, g. Flash on and off?, h. Disappear and reappear?

The text indicates this was a report about a sighting of an unidentified object, with the observer providing details about the appearance, movement, and other characteristics of the object they observed.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Whirring 
b. Color White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or interview form filled out.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you could describe the object as it seemed to you at the time?
Cigar

19. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you could estimate how far from you the object was?
(Circle One) No

22. What were you doing when you first saw the object?
5. Inside a building

23. Were you (Circle One):
b. In the residential section of a city?
d. Near an airfield?
f. Flying over open country?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
25.1) What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North East South West Northwest

24.2) How fast were you moving? miles per hour

24.3) Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe any of the following?
Reddish or pinkish lights Yes
Bluish or greenish lights No
Tail or trail Yes
Window-like openings Yes
Other, describe: (handwritten) Lights flashing at rear center

26. In order to give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object which, when you looked up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Cigar shaped

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with various instructions and questions related to sketching and describing sightings of unidentified objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image appears to be a scanned document containing a form with questions and responses.

JJLY 3, 1967 
FRONT YARD
30. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31. If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
NAME XXXXX
ADDRESS X X X X
Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER XXX AGE 39 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. To whom and when did you report that you had seen the object? XXXX / JAN / YEAR

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. The image shows a blank page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book report document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 - 12 - 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: [blank]

- page 8 -

