The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 11 0 ? ?
2. LOCATION: Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 6 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: South
8. PHOTOS: X Yes __ No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: X Yes __ No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The observer saw an extremely bright white light in the western sky. The light traveled in a northerly direction at a high rate of speed until it disappeared. No noise was heard at any time. This description of the object is similar to observations of the object even though it was heard. The observer was sent a lot to complete a description. Because this additional information was never permitted to us, the case is being evaluated as INSUFFICIENT DATA.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image shared. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, which contains text only.

OCR output:

Mass Turnure/SAP-OTC/75526/Oct 19, 1967

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This will reply to your letter of October 11, to the Secretary of Defense, with regards to your sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Without technical information, it is difficult at this time to offer an explanation as to what you saw. Your letter and the attached questionnaire are now in the inclosed project-file envelope to the address given to me. We will determine if we will recommend a reply.

In the future, should you sight another UFO, please report it immediately to the UFO Investigator at the nearest Air Force Base. Reporting these sightings is actually a very important matter, as they may have become busy in the future.

We hope that the included material will be of interest in your further understanding of these objects. Thank you for your interest in our UFO program.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STILES
Major, USAF
Acting Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Egor Cy - SAP-OTC
Capt Cy - SAP-OTC
Activity Cy - SAP-OTC
Stayhack

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a Secretary of Defense routing slip, which is a form used to route correspondence or documents to the appropriate officials within the Department of Defense.

SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE 
SECRETARY OF THE ARMY
SECRETARY OF THE NAVY
SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE (1)
CHAIRMAN, JT CHIEFS OF STAFF
DIRECTOR, DEFENSE RESEARCH AND ENG
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (A)
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (COMP)
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (I&L)
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (ISA)
ACTION
PREPARATION OF REPLY FOR SECRETARY OF DEFENSE SIGNATURE
PREPARATION OF REPLY FOR DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE SIGNATURE
INFORMATION AND RETENTION
DATA ON WHICH TO BASE A REPLY
COMMENTS AND/OR RECOMMENDATION
SEE REMARKS BELOW

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's official study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Text:
DENVER, COLORADO
OCTOBER 11, 1967

SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON, D.C.

SUBJECT: UFO

DEAR SIR:

On the night of October 11th, 1967, at approxim ately 9:00 p.m. mountain standard time, I had a definite siting of an unidentified flying object that I can not satisfactorily explain. The place of siting was just a hillside off a flat from the Aspenglen Camp-ground, a branch of the Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado. It was three nights ago on Wednesday, October 11th.

The siting occurred than a half hour before 9:00 p.m., and I was already tucked into my sleeping bag as it was quite cold. At about 9:05 p.m. mountain standard time, I was alerted by seven o'clock in the evening with only my head in the open to view the skies. As I was all clasped up from the cold and pondering, I was suddenly attracted by some very strange activity in the sky. At first I thought it must be some satellite or perhaps an airplane, but as I watched it through the binoculars I had with me, I observed that this was not the case. It was moving in an irregular manner, first hovering, then darting here and there, and even occasionally making sharp turns. This was definitely no satellite.

As I watched one of the few stars, dimly visible in the western part of the sky, suddenly appeared to grow tremendously in size and distinctly illuminate a great area, about half way between the horizon and the zenith. It was brilliant, and I watched it for several minutes, during which time it exhibited the peculiar motions I have described. At first I thought I might have mistaken an airplane for a star, but then I realized it couldn't possibly be a plane, for I have observed thousands of airplanes and this was certainly not one of them. It seemed to dart across the skies at a great speed, far beyond the capabilities of any man-made craft I have ever seen.

And none ever projected such powerful brilliance of their front white light.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book containing text only.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

As the light I was looking at - and when I plane it. to are brightest to the eye, the engine sound is deafening. No sound at all was heard during the time of the light's visible passage. This light passed through trees of medium height in an area of clearance - as if it had no front or back - it passed at about the speed of a meteor - and from the direction of approach there was no sound or after. Its path seemed to be descending at an angle straight line parallel to the horizon. Its track was as though one light was a tungsten-filament type that place's say - and I revolved vacuuming it move in such a stationary stately straight line, but occasionally extremely swift bursts of speed up the slope to the eye, even that the travel being straightas an arrow, except the passage of the moving object when it disappeared behind a cloud - nor was its powerful light ever re-emerging from the cloud - moreover, I see the object again through any break in the clouds or one of the objects passing in the prolonged course of its track, it simply did not reappear in my view. A person examining it noted it elec. 7:35 pm.

And I must admit everything I was experiencing as a city person camping for the first time in the foothills. Your imagination is wild and unrestrained. I all certain, is out of the question. I the a layman, I simply frowned a bit and thought "Hmm, the odd" and added it to the mind's shelves of the unlikely and moved - an exoteric delight, but one goes over at leisure. I say, not so immediately connected with survival on a cold and windy hillside and those of us well used to first fire fonds and food supplies.

Yet I could not help wandering - why did I not spot the object moving from the trees to light that seemed to me so significant and bright in the area - when the object did first catch my eye, it was distant and disappearing behind I was witnessed in a millisecond from being close as the brightest jet tracks, it vanished again from my view. I suspect that straight-line passage is the intensity of its luminescence - nor was there any trail left behind as on many high-speed night flights photographed - it covered the distance faster than my eyes or mind could comprehend - so that I had nothing to grasp on to the the vanishing object - and could hear the jets - yet they did not cover the area as this thing had done. 

I appreciate as to the exact length of time that passed from my first capture until the disappearance of the brilliant object behind the clouds was a matter of seconds - it was not even a matter of a half-minute. I was-so impressed for not breaking camp and returning to town immediately the next morning - as it is only now in writing this information to you - but it had happened so fast, I could only my mind rationally and firmly grasp of the vivid event.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a typed letter or report. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract the text from the image:

If this observation merits your attention, and I now believe it does, a more scientific description of the location of my sighting could probably be attained by a group of us going there the next day. We exchanged greetings as they passed, and they could not have regarded the green planets as we did, because they are maneuvered and departed in a remarkably colored station wagon which in Colorado."
I am not certain whether they were visitors from outer space, but I am confident of this much: the objects I saw were unlike any of the planet familiar to me, and unlike any other known pattern of flight or motion of any vehicle or aircraft of the size, speed, and color I witnessed.
Like many another citizen, I hope I was mistaken, and advanced scientific instruments corroborated my impression. And if so, at 22 probably of scientific interest for the developers to learn, I am even an average citizen can detect the extraordinary phenomena on as it moves across the sky.
Needless to say, I am not about to advertise this experience elsewhere, and at this point in my life, it is the last thing I would care having to report to the United States Government. Nevertheless, in conscience I feel it my duty to inform you of the event.

Sincerely yours,

AGE: 43 years (november 12, 1922)
HEIGHT 5'10'' but i was no taller at the time) glasses at the time)

- page 6 -

