There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

28 MAY 67
LYNBROOK, NEW YORK 
OBJECT: SAUCER SHAPED OBJECT
SIGHTING: Witness stated at about 9:00 p.m., she observed a bright, fuzzy or hazy object in the west. Sound: no sound. Color: black and white.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, it appears to be a typed document or letter. I will proceed to transcribe the text found in the document:

READ BEFORE THROWING AWAY.

Gentlemen:

As you have probably already discovered, I am a member of the Lynbrook Academy and I belong to an active and flying club with the local academy.

Last year (1965) some nine of us who were members decided we would like to investigate some strange occurrences regarding UFO's in this area. We did our fair share of reading on the subject and after nearly a year's time, we became convinced that something unusual was taking place in our general vicinity.

On the night of May 3, 1966, we were directly overhead and observed a strange object which hovered over the Lynbrook area for approximately 25-30 minutes. This object was disk-shaped, about the size of a car, and had a bright light on top which was revolving or blinking. It was perfectly silent and appeared to have some kind of force field surrounding it, for when a small plane approached it, the plane seemed to veer away as if it were being 'pushed' back. The object then suddenly shot straight up at a tremendous speed and disappeared from sight.

This is only one of the many incidents which have been reported in this area. Many local residents, including some very reliable and respectable people, have stated that they have seen similar objects on various occasions.

Possible Solutions:...

A) Meteorite - not possible because the object was stationary and hovered for a considerable length of time.

B) Comet - not possible because of the size, shape and maneuverability of the object.

C) Satellite - - - the speed and maneuverability rules this out.

D) Aircraft - as stated before I can personally vouch for the fact that this was not a 'secret' or 'experimental' aircraft, for its performance was quite different and its appearance was totally out of the question.

I would truly like some help in explaining this strange occurrence. As I mentioned, I am a member of the Lynbrook Academy Flying Club, and we have been trying to get to the bottom of this situation for nearly a year now. Can you or any of your associates shed any light on this matter?

Any information you can give me will be appreciated. If further information is required, I shall be happy to supply it. Please advise.

Sincerely,
[Signature Redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram showing the drawing of an object. The sketch depicts an oval-shaped object with some labels such as "white" and "horizon" around it. There is also a house depicted at the bottom of the sketch.

Drawing of object
That was white judged towards middle 
Zenith
Oval
White horizon across
Big Dipper

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT/UFO                                                                        25 MAY 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 20 May 1967

TO:      Lynbrook, L.I., New York 11563

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete attached FTD Form 1649 and return it to the Air Force.

WALTER H. ANDRUS
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any story or publication without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 6 MAY 1967
2. Time of day: (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Lynbrook, NY
5. How long was object in sight?: (Total Duration) 10-15 Minutes
5.1 How was the object's speed determined? Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Day b. Night c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 2097 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document or form related to a UFO sighting report.

H. IF your saw the object at NIGHT, what did your notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. More
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
1. Bright moonlight
2. Dull moonlight 
3. No moonlight - pitch dark
4. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clearly
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____

12. The edge of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other (little)

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each item)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (No)
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes (No) 
d. Change brightness? Yes (No)
e. Change shape? Yes (No)
f. Flash or flicker? Yes (No)
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No)

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text.

NO AY did not see. AY INSTANCE

(Circle one:)
Yes No (Do) Don't Know.

(Circle one:)
Yes No (Bo) Don't Know.

a. Sound. EXTREMELY BRIGHTS

b. Color. EXTREMELY BRIGHT MORE COLORFUL THAN ORDINARY FLAME

Partially all of the object.

A CASE FAMILIAR ROUNDSHAPED REDDISH ORANGE COLORAT...GLOW OUTSIDE...

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)
YES
(No)

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
YES
(No)

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Flying over city?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?
miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)
Yes
No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyes/glasses
Yes
(No)
b. Sun glasses
Yes
(No)
c. Windshield
Yes
(No)
d. Window glass
Yes
(No)
e. Binoculars
Yes
(No)
f. Telescope
Yes
(No)
g. Theodolite
Yes
(No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.
(Comment)

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report that includes sketches and diagrams related to UFO sightings.

Text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the start, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) - Yes No  
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) - Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: - [redacted]
32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Lynbrook, 11563 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 16 SEX: Male
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? - [redacted]

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a report document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 Day C Year 1966 Month

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. 

Our extended upper-air observations cause us to believe that more detailed study is needed concerning the upper atmospheric conditions in the area involved.

- page 11 -

