The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record form.

PROJECT 10279 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP	2. LOCATION
19 APR 67	Silver Springs, Maryland
3. SOURCE	10. CONCLUSION
Civilian:	INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS	
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
North - Take-North
8. PHOTOS
9 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
9 Yes

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" which contains a questionnaire for reporting UFO sightings.

16 April 67
Silver Springs, MD.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
Day - 16 
Month - Apr 
Year - 67

2. Time of day: 
Hour - 7:30
Minutes - 0
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central 
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Silver Springs
City or Town
Maryland
State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours - 0 
Minutes - 10
Seconds - 30
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Partly cloudy 
c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): 
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Dark pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds  

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Few, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: __________

12. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off sparks or smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a series of written questions and responses.

Text extracted from the document:

14: Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Steel in sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  
b. Color White 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
13.5 deg

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? March 1 to 4 sec

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3-4 blocks

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

None

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a diagram and text.

The text in the image is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Sketcher line path.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document associated with Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted all the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES  NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Silver Spring, MD

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED], Silver Spring, MD
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 27  SEX: MALE
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
REPORTED HE WATCHED THE OBJECT IN A STATIONARY POSITION OVER A PERIOD OF 3 TO 5 MINUTES. OBJECT THEN INCREASED IN SPEED AND DEPARTED. OBJECT WAS DISC SHAPED AND SILVER IN COLOR.

33. When and in what year did you report that you had seen the object?
Day 2  Month JUNE  Year 1960

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page from an old document, likely part of a Project Blue Book report. The page is numbered "7" and contains a questionnaire with questions 34 and 35 visible.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 16 - 4 - 67
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

