There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing various textual information about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 8 Jan 67 - 19/0350Z
2. LOCATION: Columbus, Kansas
3. SOURCE: Observer (Possible)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: NW
8. NO PHOTOS
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Appear (Possible)

The observer watched a whitish-blue object with exhaust travel toward the northern horizon. During the observation, a high-pitched whining sound was noted. The 164-contiled object was elliptical with the color suggested for the object was football shaped and had red, white, and blue flashing lights.

Contact with the 335th FW Bunker Hill AFB revealed that there were 5-6 aircraft in the area at the time of the sighting making bomb runs.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 14 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? U.S. Air Force 18 Day January 1967 Year

- page 2 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The page contains a questionnaire with spaces for the observer to fill out information about their sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: February 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text that reads:

"Memo for the record:
Capt. of with the 3034th HW Bunker Hill AFB, Indiana revealed that on the night of 12 Jan 67 2-58 aircraft were sighted moving bast due north of Cofflin, Missouri. These aircraft would have been in the area at the time of the incident."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDDT/UFO                                   9 February 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 18 Jan 67

TO:
COLUMBUS, Kansas 66725

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have submitted is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES G. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Columbus, Kansas
January 10, 1967

United States Air Force Department
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

We are writing this letter to inform you of our sighting of an unidentified flying object on the 18th day of January 1967, when a friend of mine and I were outside getting some water out of his car, when all at once we heard a strange noise. We looked around and didn't think anything about it, until later on the same night someone called and he said that he had noticed several U.F.O.'s. We started talking about the strange noise, that he sighted an U.F.O. and said the strange noise, the things we had heard might have been the strange noises. The strange noise were confirmed by two other people. We would like for you to have any information that you could send us.

Thank you for your time and patience.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image contains a typed letter with addresses and a closing signature that have been redacted.

IF YOU HAVE ANY AVAILABLE INFORMATION ON WHAT I PREVIOUSLY REFERRED TO IN MY LETTER, WOULD YOU PLEASE SEND IT TO:

Columbus, Kansas 
667-25
Columbus, Kansas
667-25
Columbus, Kansas 
667-25

THANK YOU VERY MUCH.

YOURS TRULY,
[Redacted]

A enclosure

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please fill out this form as completely as possible. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
17 January 1967

2. Time of day: 
9:50 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Columbia, Kansas

5. How long was object in sight? (Test: Duration)
5 Minutes

5.1 How was the object determined?
Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Clear, b. Bright, c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. To back of you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, consisting of a questionnaire or form with various questions and multiple-choice options.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS: (Circle One)
a. More 
b. Less
c. A few
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON: (Circle One)
a. Bright
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS: (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER: (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Few, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid 
b. Transparent
c. Yes
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Yes
b. No
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The shape of the object was:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Definite outline
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form with questions and space for written responses. As an OCR system, I will extract all the text found in the document:

14: Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, it just flashed off and then came on again.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - a flashing sound, b. Color - whitish-blue.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and estimate how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, about how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About 1/2 of it.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please on arrow to show the direction the object was moving.

Exhibit #1

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a series of questions and answer options related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1500 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an open field (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete this following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eye glasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Window-s Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a drawing of the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A diamond

TEXT OCR OUTPUT:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1500 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outside
d. In an open field (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete this following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest 
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eye glasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Window-s Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a drawing of the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A diamond

- page 11 -

The image contains a sketch and a compass image, but no photograph. 

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
1967-01-8539999-Columbus-Kansas.pdf12.txt

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the horizon line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a circle that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

