The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 05/08/67
2. LOCATION: Cincinnati, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (Venus)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object appeared to have 4 lights, one red and 3 white, brighter than a light bulb. Object appeared to maneuver - 2-3 times in diameter.
8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes
      [X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes
                     [X] No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, articles, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? May 6, 1967
2. Time of day: 10:45 Minutes F DT (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? West Terrace, Cincinnati, Ohio City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 0 Hours 0 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess Precise
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT - CLEAR or PARTLY CLOUDY
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD GCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a form with various questions and checkboxes to be filled out.

Below is the text extracted from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8-1 STARS (Circle One): a. None  b. A few  c. Many  d. Don't remember
8-2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight  b. Dull moonlight  c. No moonlight - pitch dark  d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear  b. Hazy  c. Scattered clouds  d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry  b. Fog, mist, or light rain  c. Moderate or heavy rain  d. Snow  e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid  b. Transparent  4 LIGHTS c. Flashing  d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter  b. Dimmer  c. About the same  d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Brighter THAN light BULB

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred  b. Clear and sharp  c. Don't remember  d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and travel out of sight? Yes No Don't know
c. Change direction? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text found on the document is as follows:

14. Did the shape change as it was being watched? If so, how?
2-3 TIMES   4-8 SEC

15. Did the object move in front of or behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one)
Yes          No          Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of or behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle one)
Yes          No          Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Size: NO 
b. Color: White
c. Brightness: Bright

18. At any time, did a sharp change in the object's length in line with a known object and observer indicate how much of the object was covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
YES

19. Draw a picture to show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, tail, exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please make the drawing large enough to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing text that appears to be a questionnaire filled out by a witness of a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 6_5_1o_w_

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1O M.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
N/O

- page 5 -

The image contains a compass-style illustration with a curved horizon line and instructions for sketching the sighting of a UFO or other object above the horizon. However, there is no actual photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

6 object went to after it went down

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 36 SEX M
*indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Moved very slowly - Always seemed stopped - Stepped for half hr

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
For Mary - 6

George Morgan OD

- page 7 -

