There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This page appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, containing text with details about an unidentified observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP 15 FEB 67 2330Z
2. LOCATION Findlay, Ohio
3. SOURCE
4. DURATION 15 MINUTES
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 15 MINUTES 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground (Visual)
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE None
10. CONCLUSION Insufficient Data for Evaluation
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched 3 lights that were about the same size or aircraft lights. At times the three lights increased to about 5. The lights appeared to be red and appeared to be moving in various directions, but did not disappear. The witness had to stop looking because his yard lights were turned on and interfered with observation.
The observer did not report any azimuth or elevation for the lights. The data is not consistent with that of an aircraft observation; however, the case is being carried as insufficient data.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which seems to be a questionnaire related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The questions that you give will be used for research purposes. The information will be used in connection with any statement you may wish to make concerning this personal information and that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a series of questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One) a. Suddenly, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: [Handwritten note]

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One) a. Well defined, b. Blurred, c. Like a bright star, d. Shimmering, e. Other: [Handwritten note]

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? [Handwritten note] b. Suddenly speed up or slow down? [Handwritten note] c. Move in an irregular course or zig-zag? [Handwritten note] d. Give off smoke? [Handwritten note] e. Change brightness? [Handwritten note] f. Flash or flicker? [Handwritten note] g. Disappear and reappear? [Handwritten note]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No -- stopped observing because unable to obtain additional information.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):   YES   NO   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Trees

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  Little   
b. Color  Light - Bright - Silvery - appears to reflect light.

18. From the information you have given, can an estimate be made of the size and distance of the observed object and any lights it may have had? If so, how much of the object is covered by the head of a match? If you had performed this experiment at the time, how large an object would have been covered by the match head?
Covered approx. 2/3 of entire area.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc; and especially outline any visible or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
At that time unable to secure written details.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (X) No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (X) 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

Circling 3 to 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At a
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over some other country?
f. In a flying saucer?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you going?
(Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?
25 - 45 miles per hour, trying to catch up

24.3 Did you observe the object any time other than when you were looking at it for the first time?
(Circle One) Yes (X) No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes (X) No
b. Sun glasses Yes (X) No
c. Windshield Yes (X) No
d. Window glass Yes (X) No
e. Telescope Yes (X) No
f. Theodolite Yes (X) No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible, where you able to draw a sketch or describe the general appearance of the object which you saw?
Essentially, as described, it seemed to be a fairly brilliant or illuminated object - circular in shape - that seemed to be moving erratically or irregularly in its travel path and was observed on more than one occasion, though possibly not continuously - and from the reported speed and maneuverability, does not seem to have been a conventional aircraft or other known object. The possibility of its being some type of aircraft or satellite cannot be completely ruled out, however, given the limited information available.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a diagram and text. The diagram appears to be a compass rose, showing different directions and angles. The text asks the viewer to imagine a sighting and draw how the object or objects moved, and to indicate the direction they were traveling.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" the course (direction) you first saw the object. Place on "B" the highest altitude reached by the object. Place on "C" the same course (direction) you last saw the object. Place on "D" the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" the beginning of the path, or "B" is the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
___Sgt. & Mrs. Gearhart, 19130 Findlay, Ohio_________________

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED], FINDLAY, 45840, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]  AGE: 18  SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: ___  Month: ___  Year: ___

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

OCR Output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 FEB ___ 67 _____
Day Month Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

