There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record containing text.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE/TIME GROUP 
C 0859 ST 06/02/54
2. LOCATION
Middlesex, New Jersey
10. CONCLUSION 
Possible (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
This object was sighted at a distance looked similar to the landing lights of an airplane. When closer however the object appeared roughly circular and had what appeared as windows along the side. The object had a steady floating motion and disappeared towards the southeast. The object passed closer than permissible to an eastbound transport. Documents concerning the observation of this object are similar to Satellite decay. However it would not have been traveling westerly in its orbit. Since the object passed closer to the transport, one would expect the pilot to have seen the object. However nothing was recorded.
FTD SEP 63 0329 (TDE) Previous versions of this form may not be used. Westbound plane with both its landing lights on.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force's Environmental Technical Applications Center.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNICAL APPLICATIONS CENTER (ETAC)
BLDG 159 NAVY YARD ANNEX, WASHINGTON, D.C. 20333

APPLY TO
: BEAG/EAD (Sgt Dunham)
5 JUN 68

SUBJECT:
Request for Weather Data

TO:
FTD (TDPTR-4)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. In support of pending UFO evaluations, the following weather data are submitted:

a. Middlesex, New Jersey: See attachment 1.
b. Vista, California: See attachment 1.

c. St. Paul, Minnesota: See attachment 2 for radiosonde observations on 27 Sept 67 at 1500L. Requested surface observations are as follows:
1500L ESDOB11/OVC 7 233/20/10/0306/031 / Stn. Pres. 29.40 RH=65%
1500L ESDOB12/OVC 8 284/20/11/0306/030 / Stn. Pres. 29.40 RH=66%
1700L ESDOB13/OVC 15 274/19/11/0311/027 / Stn. Pres. 29.30 RH=71%

2. Data sources were ETAC surface and upper-air history files and the Asheville, N.C. data files. Surface observations for Middlesex, New Jersey were not available on 6 Oct 67 as OCOOL and OOOLL. Extraction or evaluation of all other weather data were adequate for all situations.

FOR THE COMMANDER
/s/ JOHN T. McCABE, Colonel, USAF
Chief, Environmental Applications Div.

1. 1 Surface Data Sheet
2. 2 Upper-Air Data Sheets

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a table or document with data entries related to various locations, dates, times, sky cover, wind, visibility, sea level pressure, and temperature.

Proj: 5292D - STAR TREK - Surface Data
Station      Date       Time(L)  Sky Cover  Wind     Visibility  Sea Lvl. Pres. Temp. & Dew Pt.
Newark, N.J.  6 Oct 67   0100     3/8       300/06   15          1012.2        66/54
"             "          0300     No Data Available
"             "          0400     No Data Available
"             "          0500     3/8       320/14   15          1013.9        61/46
Miramar NAS, Cal.  2 Feb 68  2000     8/8       010/02  15          1019.6        55/45
"             "          2100     8/8       CALM    15          1019.5        52/43
"             "          2200     8/8       100/04  15          1019.5        48/43

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The text in the document appears to be a request for surface wind direction and velocity for Middlesex, New Jersey on 6 Oct 67 at 0400 hr. The document is from Capt. (Lt Col Smith) and references 2d Lt Marano's report from 15 May 59, with the record number 70916.

CPDR(LT COL SMITH)

Request surface wind direction and velocity 
for Middlesex, New Jersey, 6 Oct 67, 0400 hr.

DPXR(USFO) 2d Lt Marano 15 May 59
70916

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the United Air Lines to Major Quintanilla, discussing the lack of reports for certain dates in October 1967 and March 1968. The letter is dated May 15th, 1968.

Text in the document:

UNITED AIR LINES
Stapleton International Airport, Denver, Colorado 80207

May 15th, 1968

Major Quintanilla, Jr.
Project BLUE BOOK
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

Dear Major Quintanilla:

I am writing in reply to your letters of May 6th and May 7th. In checking the USAF Pilot report files I find no report for August 28th 1967 between the hours of 2300Z and 2330Z.

There is likewise no report for October 6th, 1967 anywhere near the Northeast area of the U.S.A.

A continuous check of the March files still show no report for March 24th, 1968 between the hours of 0132Z to 0142Z.

I am very sorry that I have been unable to help you with any of the above requests. Please be sure to write if there is anything further that I might be able to help you with.

Sincerely Yours,

// H. P. Bolch, Project Director
Volunteer Flight Officer Network

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document with text.

DEPT (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/ams/7 May 68
UFO Observation, 6 October 1967

Volunteer Flight Officer Network
United Airlines Idylwyld
Stapleton International Airport
Denver, Colorado 80207

1. The Aerial Phenomena Office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from New Jersey which occurred on 6 October 1967. Approximately 8 sun. EST.

2. Did you receive any reports of unusual objects for this date from the New York or New Jersey area? If so, we would appreciate your comments as to a possible cause of the sighting.

3. Thank you for your assistance on this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

OCR output:
Miss Turnure/SAF-OTC/76326/Oct 11, 1967

OCT 12 1967

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],
Reference your recent letter regarding your sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO), it is impossible to tell precisely what you saw unless we have more information.

If you will complete the attached questionnaire and send it in the postage free envelope, enclosed for your convenience, to the address given on the envelope, it is quite possible that we will be able to tell you what you observed.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STUMP
Major, USAF
Acting Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

2 Attachments
Mr. [REDACTED]
Wrightstown, New Jersey 08646

SAF-OTC 
XXXDXXX Staypack

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements that I can describe. The text appears to be a handwritten letter or document discussing some details related to a UFO investigation or sighting.

Here is the text transcription from the document:

United States Air Force 
Office of Special Investigations
Investigations -- 

Dear Sir:

At about 4:00 this morning, I was going to the room, to look out of the window. Between the two planets the two points (2) four-20 children the morning may. 

As I looked, I observed a very bright light seeming barely three or dark as a planet landing on a pointed landing light, and wondered why a different from the usual scene, it passed on as a planet landing below.

- page 8 -

This image does not contain any photograph or images, it is a handwritten document. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

First night, March 5 (Monday)
at 10:12 h had landing, lights on
the "watchtel". I was amazed
to note that the entire
"object" way looking around, and seemed
to be alive rather than
from the ground.

As it came closer, I
got down this (next page)
the entire object - 
Very clearly.

- page 9 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram of an elongated oval or elliptical shape, with the text "Good" written inside. Below the diagram, there is a handwritten caption that reads "Bright on approach, did not sclere in alone with sunset - then about bright no spread motion no exhaust seen."

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Bright on approach, did not sclere in alone with sunset - Then about bright no spread motion no exhaust seen.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or notes, likely from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document says:

The motion seen sometime to a six-inch telescope - part of course, for some space, plus fanciful (?) (view # 1)

Brilliant - (behind tree)

View # 2 
(Elongating)

View # 3 (The arrested)
At no time did it appear as a circle or saucer 9 was not very high the signals

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing the sudden disappearance of an unidentified object, which could also be explained by the pilot's sighting off his lights.

lights and cabin lights on. The sudden disappearance of the object could also be explained by the pilot switching off his lights.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image:

Notes
Direction - East to West
Size - (Difficult to determine) Altitude - (Est) 1500 ft.
Speed - Same as plane
Flight - Steady, Even.
Noise - None

The sky was apparently lightly and it is noted that no more than this was visible.

- page 13 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of handwritten text that appears to be part of a report or document related to a UFO sighting.

Text transcribed from the document:

"The object was silvery and illuminating. When the object: (1) The object was speeding over a nearby residential area, and seemed close to the UFO that passing, 9:15 approx lights were flashing, and we noted could hear any sound from the UFO - No - we already reflection is out - Pleas only mention slight in transcript."
Respectfully Submitted.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, possibly related to a UFO sighting report.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6 July 1967

2. Time of day:
Hour 3 Minutes 00
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Middletown New Jersey

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2 (Est.) Hours Minutes 0 Seconds 

5.1 How long was object in sight determined?
b. Fairly certain

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY
g. Bright
h. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): c. In back of you

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text appears to be a questionnaire or report form filled out by an observer of an unidentified object.

Text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy or very light haze
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
(not legible)

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (No) Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes (No) Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes (No) Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes (No) Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes (No) Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No) Don't know

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO sighting report form filled out by a witness.

VERY SUDDENLY MAIN SCALE DISTANCE TO VEHICLE
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
FROM AIRPLANE TO VEHICLE
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
NO COLOR - JUST LIGHT
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: YELLOW LIGHT
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
( SEE BELOW )
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Drawing provided)

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 to 1 mile.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circles One): c. Outdoors 

23. Where were you 
(Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass Yes
e. Binoculars No
f. Telescope Yes
g. Theodolite Yes
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. It appeared to be like nothing a common, except for a lighted cigar-shaped object flying at a high rate of speed.

- page 18 -

The image contains a sketch and a compass diagram, but no photographic image.

TRANSCRIPTION:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

30°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
(Progression of motion--Perspective)

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Transcription of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes  No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - [Last Name] [First Name] [Middle Name] 
ADDRESS - 248 HECKMAN ST., MIDDLESEX, N.J.
TELEPHONE NUMBER - [Redacted]
AGE - 31  SEX - M
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
My sighting did not occur to - 26/15
I am a Special Police Officer
I do not wear glasses.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [Redacted] (Relatives)

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scan of a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

34. Does you completed this questionnaire:  Ye  

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
(1) No implication of "USAAF plane" 
(2) No implication of "Police sighting" 
(3) Sighting of flaming, rotating object. Looking with binoculars, object stationary, very bright as if small, high altitude.
(4) I feel that these "sightings" of unknown object are worthwhile having ground observed. More details have formed my conclusion.
(5) I head from "news medium" these are only 
A few of many M-SSM and 06C sightings month which Became on media.

- page 21 -

