The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is titled "PROJECT 10073 RECORD" and provides information about a sighting that occurred in St. Paul, Minnesota on 23/01/1967.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP 22 Mar 67
2. LOCATION St. Paul, Minnesota 
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION None Stated
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Air-Visual
7. COURSE None Stated
8. PHOTOS (1) Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE (2) No
10. CONCLUSION Possible (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Observer stated that the object was observed while aircraft were flying.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the State of Minnesota Highway Patrol, an Office Memorandum dated March 28, 1967, regarding a reported sighting of a U.F.O. on March 22, 1967.

Transcription of the text in the document:

STATE OF MINNESOTA 
Office Memorandum

TO: Major Bert Johnson
FROM: Captain Walter W. Whitson
SUBJECT: Reported Sighting of U.F.O. on March 22, 1967

Enclosed please find a letter from Officer Michael Morlan #231, concerning the sighting of an unusual object in the sky on 22 March 1967.

Officer Morlan contacted me on 23 March in regards to his sighting. He advised that on 22 March, and questioned him further about the above sighting and received the enclosed letter from him which I believe is self-explanatory.

Officer Morlan, Sergeant O'Lan Ott, and I then drove to the area where Mrs. Fields stated the U.F.O. that she was reported to have seen. Mrs. Fields and her 12-year-old daughter gave us a detailed account of what they saw. They stated that about a mile and one-half west of New London about 1920 hours and stay about a minute and one-half. They then observed it again for about one minute at 2130 hours. She told her there was no such thing. The girl said it is coming towards us. They both continued to watch and when they had driven about one-half mile it was all at once sight in front of them. She applied her brakes at this point and the light seemed to lift and drop down with a hissing sound. It then dropped and was about five or six feet in front of their car. She said the lights on her car went out, and she could see. She said the light seemed to be contained inside the object and it did not light up the area at all. She said the color was that of a welding light, and all of a sudden it moved straight up in the angle shape around the light and also something that looked like small windows above the light. It remained in front of them for one minute and then took off to the east at a high rate of speed. It then took about 30 seconds to disappear from sight. 

We then went to the farm which is located about five miles north of the area described by Mrs. Fields and her daughter. The farmer, and his 20-year-old son who is 125 pounds, said he was outside the barn when he first observed the object. He called to his son to come out and see it. This was at 1923 hours. They both watched it for the next seven minutes and said they did not have any idea as to what it could have been. It then went out of sight. There was nothing said in this position for several nights thereafter. It then went out of sight.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to extract the text from the document:

To: Major Bert Johnson
From: Captain Walter W. Whiston
Subject: Reported Sighting of U.F.O. on March 22, 1967

"A high rate of speed," said he could see red and green lights on the object in addition to the bright white lights. They also said the light seemed to be self-contained and there was no light on the ground.

I believe that all of these parties observed a light, whether this light was a reflection, a mirage, or an actual object I am unable to say. If you have any further information about this I would be glad to give it to these people; I feel that it should be reported to you.

/S/ Chief Harbinson
Assistant Chief Henry
Officer R. Neoreila #751

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a MINNESOTA DEPARTMENT OF HIGHWAYS report document.

OCR Text Output:

TO: New Ulm Division Commissioner
From: Mgr. O. R. Johnson, Mgr.
Subject: U.F.O. Sighting 
March 23, 1967

No two described over the phone.

Minneapolis - St. Central International Airport
Minneapolis, Minn. 
Zone: D.O.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

March 22, 1967 - 7:10 P.M.
Traveling south on Highway 71 in patrol unit, speed approximately 50 - 55 mph. Me and Lt. Johnson. We observed a bright light to our northeast traveling apparently at the speed of jets. This was sometime directly forward and to the left of my vehicle. My first thought was that the DC-3 that brings turkey poults into Willmar from California had taken off and had landing lights on. By this time it had been stopped for approximately 20-25 seconds then it took off at a very high speed, I would estimate it to be at least 1,000-1,500 mph. I flashed my spotlight in an attempt to light it up, but was unable to do so as it was gone in no time. I then advised the dispatcher that I didn't think it would be able to land on the highway or in the vicinity, as it had reached a very high speed (approximately 100-150 mph more than the normal aircraft in that area at the time of night). I let my spotlight go steady - coming vehicle when it revealed just about aircraft color, but not much above or beyond it (I'll estimate) 5 - 600 feet away from me. When it was going away it still had a white light but I could no longer follow it in my spotlight. I advised the dispatcher again that it was leaving at high speed and was headed in a southeast direction. This time I opened the door of the squad car and stepped out. I heard no sound, there wasn't a cloud in the sky - no wind - temp was 35° above. To the south there probably more eastbound at this time of night. It observed no distortion in the air as it went by, no smoke or flame. After it had gone for a distance of about 1 mile across from where I was sitting I again realized I must have been taken aback. On the basis of this observation I it must be a larger more advanced than the DC-3 that comes into Willmar and maybe wasn't above the lake yet. I then turned my spotlight off to avoid being picked up by any other objects. I still I thought possible that this object may be higher than I estimated and so turned it on again shortly. Again, due to the size of the lights I felt he would never shoot too much of a bolt, the take off was so tremendous. I followed to file spot again in the same pattern as the first time, but when it reappeared the same spot, it appeared to be diminishing in size very consistently. 2 - 3 minutes than it was completely out of sight. During this time I had not very restful - it just kept getting smaller and smaller. After it was no longer visible I was able to make out this object clearly or hear any sound. If it was to view and determine if any man might be out and about looking above or below the vehicle. The observation as a whole convinces me this was not anything belonging to the Willmar nor all turning of an object was to its left. (I have heard Officer Richard Moreland on this end on 3-23-67 occasion 9 - 9:30 P.M. As of this writing I have not talked to him about his observations.

Signed/ Officer Richard Moreland #251

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
934TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP (M) (RES) (CAC)
MINNEAPOLIS-ST PAUL INTL ARPT, MINNEAPOLIS, MINN 55417

17 April 1967

MEMO TO: DO

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: DEPT/UFO (Lt Morley)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Dayton, Ohio 45433

1. The enclosed report from the Minnesota Highway Patrol regarding an unidentified flying object is forwarded for your information and action. I have not contacted the witnesses but have investigated locally and determined a possible explanation for your observations. A check with the Minneapolis Naval Air Station has indicated that there were two USNS Stratotanker aircraft on 23 March 1967 that were conducting routine Air Force operations cn the same date and at approximately the same time that occurred in 1930L (0130Z) when the incident occurred. A time period of over 2 months has elapsed from the date of the incident to the present time and the witnesses are normally conducted throughout Minnesota. The area of observation is approximately 100 miles from the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. The aircraft do not appear to have penetrated into the water, for no search or rescue purposes. The aircraft do not provide much closer than it actually was - especially at night, at low altitude opinion the antisubmarine aircraft provides the most reasonable explanation for the sightings which are generally consistent with major jet aircraft operations.

2. I indicated that you would send me a letter in acknowledgement of the receipt of this report and that I would also like an info copy of the response you provide to the Minnesota Highway Patrol. Chief Highway Officer Johnson, 1246 DPS-COURTS BLDG, New Highway Building, St. Paul, Minnesota 55101. Attn: Major Johnson.

JOHN R. WEISE
Capt USAF
UFO Project Officer

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document.

OCR output:

AFCIN-SDOI
OFFICIAL
AFCIN-SDOI

SUBJECT: UFO (Maj Quintanilla/T0916/ms) 19 May 1967

UFO Sighting, 22 March 1967

Highway Patrol Officer
Minnesota Highway Patrol
St. Paul, Minnesota 55101

1. Reference is made to a recent report from the Minnesota Highway Patrol concerning an unidentified object observed on the night of March 22, 1967. Although a positive identification has not been made, the following information has been developed:

2. Investigation revealed that two USAF anti-submarine patrol aircraft were participating in training flights in the area. The aircraft utilized a high intensity search light which could have accounted for the observations.

3. In response to the growing popular interest in unidentified flying objects, a hot air balloon being experiments conducted by AFSC/AFOCSI. The Air Force is investigating numerous sightings lately which can be attributed to these balloon experiments.

George G. KEELER, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
Cy to: 93rd Troop Carrier Group
USAF/CAPE VINCENT

- page 7 -

