The image does not contain any photographs. 

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 10 JAN 65
2. LOCATION Newburgh, New Jersey
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 2
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS
 Yes
 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
 Yes
 No
10. CONCLUSION Probable: Hot Air BALLOON
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers sighted a red object which was about as bright as the sun and hovered occasionally. The object seemed to stop at times, hover, and then move on. It also appeared to change directions at times. Just before the object disappeared the observer sighted a red streak from the object. This object after a short interval disappeared widely. 
Comments: The wind was blowing toward the SW and the object moved roughly south. The description is consistent for Hot Air Balloon, especially the tried streak before the object disappeared.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred on January 10, 1968 in Newburgh, New Jersey.

January 10, 1968

At approximately 5:30 P.M. my housebands and I observed an object in the east above the horizon. My husband and I were standing in the parking lot behind our apartment building (Route Village, Vails Gate, New York). The object, from our viewpoint, seemed to hover above the size of Venus, appeared to move above the horizon and then move towards us. It was yellow in color and occasionally seemed to flash red. Again it appeared to stop and hover, and then moved slightly to the south (to our right in the face of east). As we watched, it completely disappeared from view. In five to ten seconds the object reappeared far to the south - much farther than any conventional aircraft or satellite could have gone. I have ever observed could have moved in that short time.

I ran into our apartment and called.

- page 2 -

Based on the image provided, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows handwritten text on a page.

Transcribed text from the image:

"returned to may interview with our telescope. While the object through the telescope it was also observing it. it seemed to be moving horizontally for a southward direction slowly when again it completely disappeared, and it did not reappear.

The atmosphere was clear, the air calm (Beaufort 0 and 10°F) after the sighting it continued to shine for a short while but then faded. it has reappeared at times and the same time on several occasions. more men no overcast."

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4602D AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12550

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 4603ODC

SUBJECT: UFO Reports

TO: FTD (TDETR)

The attached UFO report is submitted in accordance with paragraph 8, AFR 80-17.

FOR THE COMMANDER

D. C. BOYD, Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Operations & Training Division

1 Atch
UFO Report

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, describing an unidentified object observed in the sky.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Irregular
2. Size compared to a known object: size of Venus
3. Color: red to yellow and back to red. Moon bright.
4. Number: One
5. Formation, if more than one: -
6. Any discernible features or details: None
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
8. Sound, if heard, describe sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Light
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 35° to 40° above horizon, Northeast
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: Almost same angle, southeast

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document with text describing various details about the sighting.

As an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
Fast, hovered, disappeared, hovered 90° turn.

5. How did the object(s) disappear: abruptly

6. How long were the object(s) visible: 11 min

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic
2. Optical Aids: (i.e., binoculars, telescopes): 15X-60XD=60MM - Varipower Telescope (coated optical)
3. If the sighting occurred while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification numbers, altitude, heading, speed, and home station:

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
2229 10 Jan 68 1729 EST

1. Greenwich date-time group and local time:

2. Light conditions (use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk):
Night

E. Location of Observer(s): (Give exact latitude and longitude coordinates of each observer, and/or geographical position)
41° 28' 74°041' Knox Village, Newburgh, NY

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Military and Civilian

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

2. Name: [REDACTED]
3. Age: 21, 20
4. Mailing Address: [REDACTED]
5. Occupation: Airman
6. Education: Highschool 1/2 yr college (Wife) Highschool 1 yr college
7. Estimate of Reliability: Good
G. Weather and Winds-Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
2. Report from nearest AWS or US Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 30,000' and 50,000', if available:
Surf 040/5 -5°C
6,000' 270/25 -19°C
10,000' 270/45 -18°C
15,000' 270/60 -26°C
20,000' 270/100 -28°C
30,000' 270/145 -45°C
56,000' -56°C

- page 7 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, containing detailed information about a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

3. Ceiling: 2200Z Stewart AFB high think broken
4. Visibility: 20 nautical miles
5. Amount of cloud cover: -10%
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None
7. Vertical temperature gradient: See G-2
H. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, that might account for the sighting: None
I. Interception or identification action taken: None
J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area at might possibly account for the sighting: Albany 1200Z 10 Jan 68 AGC (Great Pit) 1800Z 58
K. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s): ROGER B. TYRRELL Captain, USAF UFO Investigator Preliminary analysis: I do not feel this object was a weather balloon due to its course and probable position of known balloons. The liklihood of it being Venus was discounted due to the position. The weather satellite transient was later at night for this location. Preliminary conclusion undetermined.
L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 3301st UNITED STATES AIR FORCE RECRUITING GROUP (ATC)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12550

REPLY TO 
CAS

11 Jan 1968

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object 

TO: UFO Officer
4713 DSDS
Stewart AFB, NY

1. At 1729 hours, 10 January 1968, my wife _____ and I was driving home to our quarters at Newburgh, New York, when I noticed what looked like a red star just above the trees in front of my car. I asked my wife what it was and she replied, "Probably Venus."

2. I pulled into the parking lot and proceeded to back the car into the first parking space nearest the building. As I turned off the engine, I thought I saw the object move towards us. I asked my wife if it seemed the same to her and her reply was, "Yes."

3. We got out of the car and stood in the parking lot observing the object which had changed to a brilliant yellow. It still appeared to be moving toward us because I felt it seemed to be getting closer, and I found it was definitely moving. All at once the object started to change its color to red and then proceeded to stop and hover. Such movement was extremely rapid, seeming to make a ninety degree turn to the south and stopped just as before. At this time, the object was located approximately in the Northeast sky at about a thirty-five to forty degree angle in proportion to the horizon.

4. The second time the object stopped and "hovered," I observed a small red streak and the object disappeared. For a few seconds, I spotted the object out of the corner of my eye to the far south of me. From the first disappearance to the first reappearance, the time lapse was from five to ten seconds.

5. I told my wife to quickly go into our apartment and return with my Scope (15X-60X-60MM Called Variopowert Telescope).

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned text document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Transcription:

She headed for the apartment at a dead run while I continued viewing the object.

6. The object slowly continued making a sweeping motion in the sky at approximately the same angle (thirty-five to forty degrees) off the horizon above the trees.

7. My wife returned about forty-five seconds to a minute with my telescope, to its lower power, and another four or five seconds to focus the object. Just as I was placing my telescope on full power, the object disappeared as abruptly as the first disappearance.

8. When the object disappeared, it did not fade. I compare the disappearance to a light switch. It was there - then it wasn't.

9. The atmosphere was extremely clear, as we could see the moon and a few stars. The object was about the brightness of the moon, and I could hear no noise from the object, and could see no propulsion system.

10. Upon the object's last disappearance, my wife and I waited a couple of minutes to see if the object would reappear. It did not.

11. My wife and I entered our apartment at approximately 1741 hours. Our sighting lasted about eleven minutes. I immediately started writing down everything I could remember, and so did my wife.

12. At 1745 hours, I made a telephone call to Stewart Air Force Base and spoke to the NCOD. He took my name and telephone number and I gave him a brief synopsis of my wife's and I's observations. At approximately 1800 hours, the NCOD called me and asked if I would call Major Breedlove at Stewart AFB. Extension 3234. I would call Major Breedlove at Stewart AFB.

13. At 1800 hours, I called Major Breedlove and gave him my report. He recorded as much information as possible and asked me to bring my narrative I had written on our observations to the UFO Officer, 4713 DSDS, Stewart AFB, New York, (Building 110). I told Major Breedlove that I would comply with his request.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document with a redacted section.

14. Presently I am assigned to the 3501st USAF Recruiting Group, Stewart Air Force Base, New York. I have been in the United States Air Force for two years.

- page 11 -

