The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a record from case 6668 dated 3/8/60, which occurred in Richmond, Indiana.

PROJECT 10573 RECORD
2. LOCATION Richmond, Indiana
10. CONCLUSION INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE
COMMENTS: Observer gave a very sketchy description of a UFO sighting. Both the observer and the witness were sent Form 117's. Neither has returned a completed form as of 28 MAY 68.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE NO

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image only shows a blank form with questions and spaces for filling out information.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 - 29 - 68
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, specifically the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book), regarding a UFO sighting report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 29 March 1969

TO: DAYTON, OHIO 45330

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to a UFO sighting on 29 March 1969, could you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness, disregard this letter. Your information will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorates

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFPC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:     TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT:     UFO Observation , 29 March 1968

TO:         RICHMOND, Indiana 47374

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to the UFO sighting on 29 March 1968, would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a notation to that effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in the continued investigation of this UFO observation.

GEORGE QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire completed by someone who reported observing an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to contact you if additional details are needed.

1. When did you see the object?   28 Mar 65
2. Time of day:  
    Hour: 8:20
    Minutes: 30
    (Circle One): a. A.M. or b. P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? RICHMOND - - Wayne - - IND

5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration)
    a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
    MINUTES: 20

5.1 How was the time in sight determined?

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Overcast
    NIGHT: a. Bright b. Partly cloudy c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire about a sighting of an unidentified object.

8-1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight 
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Moderate or heavy snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
d. Give off smoke? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
e. Change brightness? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
f. Change shape? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
g. Flash or flicker? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes___ No___ Don't know___

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? N/C

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - NO SOUND b. Color - REDDISH BROWN

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? - (no response)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. - (no image)

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
N/C
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
IT MOVED BEHIND. TREES
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of. -
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - NO SOUND
b. Color - REDDISH BROWN
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2,000-3,000

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country? 
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 40 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document. The page contains a sketch showing the position of an object in the sky relative to the horizon and compass directions. There is also a compass rose diagram. The text on the page discusses instructions for drawing a picture to show the motion of the object or objects observed, and asks how many objects were seen.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
12/16/4
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a UFO report form, from Project Blue Book. The text on the page consists of questions and blank spaces for respondents to fill out, including information about whether the respondent has seen the object before, if anyone else witnessed the object, and personal details about the respondent.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give data or details and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself: [Redacted information]
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 10 -

