There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing various fields such as Date-Time Group, Location, Number of Objects, Length of Observation, Type of Observation, Physical Evidence, and a Brief Summary and Analysis.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 8 June 1968
2. LOCATION: Brooklyn, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 45 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. PHOTOGRAPHS: 0 Yes XX No
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes XX No
9. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: See case file. The observer also submitted 2 prints of what he said was a UFO that he saw and photographed in August 1967. He claims the UFO image was on the negative holder of the printing device.
10. CONCLUSION: Other (UNRELTIABLE REPORT)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPT (UFO)
UFO Sightings of Aug 1967 and 3 Jun 1968

Brooklyn, New York 11215

Reference your UFO sightings of Aug 1967 and 3 Jun 1968. Although we consider these sightings too old to investigate properly, we did submit your photographs to our photographic experts. Their findings are as follows:

"There is a definite pattern of light imagery on both prints. There are at least five of these images in addition to the particular one on each print identical for print Nr. 1 with tick marks over each image including that identified as a UFO. When this overlay was applied to print Nr. 2, the tick marks correspond perfectly to the images present. Due to the fact that there is a definite pattern it is almost certain that there is a view difference consistent between the images, and it's almost likely that this effect is due to the holder of the printing device."

INSPECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

2 Atch
Photos

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that discusses a set of black and white prints forwarded to the UFD (Unidentified Flying Object) for analysis. The document describes the imagery and comments provided by the analyst regarding the prints, but does not include any actual images or photographs.

SUBJECT: UFO - MANHATTAN ISLAND
ANALYST: Chapin
DATE: 16 May 69

1. The following comments pertain to imagery described by -- Jr., Brooklyn, N.Y., on two black and white prints forwarded to PID for analysis.

2. There are at least five of these images in addition to the particular one on each print. These are identified by the sender as a U.F.O. An overlay was constructed for print Nr. 1 with tick marks over each image including that identified as a U.F.O. When this overlay was applied to print Nr. 2, the tick marks correspond perfectly to the images present.

3. Due to the fact that there is a definite pattern of like images throughout the field of view, it is felt that there was a pattern or grid of lights constituting the images or sightings. This is further supported by the fact that the grid overlay is being forwarded with the returned prints to PID/UFO.

- page 3 -

The image contains a photograph of a flying saucer-like object with different colors. The document appears to be a handwritten letter describing an incident where the writer's friend saw a "flying saucer" (a round object with different colors) on June 8, 1969. The writer mentions they have two pictures of the object, but the images are not shown in this particular page.

Dear Gentleman,

to tell you nothing you that my friend and I saw. It was on June 8th 1969 when my friend and I saw a FLYING SAUCER, (U.T.O.). It was a round object with different colors. It looked like this, sample.

WHAT DO YOU THINK OF IT ???

We saw another one in August 1967 around my friend, this motherly and 7 went for a Terry Boat Ride around Manhattan Island I have two pictures of it !

TURN THE PAGE

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. It seems to be a handwritten note or letter requesting the viewer to provide some additional information or images after reviewing the "two pictures" mentioned.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

What do you think about those two pictures????

Could you please return the pictures after you looked at it?

Thank You 

Please send to:
[redacted]
Brooklyn N.Y. N.Y. 11215

Thank You Again

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report describing some photographs that were taken.

Text transcription:
These pictures were taken by and
It is not picture but a miniature later 
bottom picture was taken

#2
The 2nd picture was a terminal a few 
minutes after 11.

- page 6 -

