The image appears to contain a grainy, black and white photograph that takes up the majority of the page. The photograph seems to depict a landscape or horizon, with a textured or speckled pattern filling the frame. There is no clear visual evidence of any objects or phenomena that could be interpreted as unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 November 68
2. LOCATION: Brattleboro, Vermont
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: See Case
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: See Case
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: See Case
8. PHOTOS: D Yes, D No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: D Yes, [X] No
10. CONCLUSION: Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: "The observer has seen many UFOs in the past, any clear night they can be seen."

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a report related to Project Blue Book. 

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
S. T. (DITDEF U.FO) 
Research and Aerial Phenomena, 6
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir,

I write to Mr. Conlon at the University of Colorado November search about the project office, UFO sightings are closed.

We sent you your address.  This is not a report of an individual sighting such as anyone may have. They appear in such numbers and so frequently anyone can see them.

Apparently they congregate there.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document that appears to be part of a UFO report.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"the momentary display was seen passing above Brattleboro. They also kept low. They fly up and down and sideways. They make no sound.

One large Mr. U.D. had a white light in the center. As the lights came on top and red lights went on the bottom. Another I watched, flew from the north, along the western horizon, then toward the south. It was darker shaped with a circle of lights which seemed to revolve in a circle and it was plainly seen with no sound.

Wednesday the 23rd January at about 7:30 PM EST I went toward the first National Shopping Center there was a light white in color which I.D. - It merely hung in."

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

We watched a stationary light startled the sight up the area.
My sister and her daughter have made several sightings in july and august- observing the fact twelve years.
But during the last fifteen minutes the U.F.O. has become much more numerous and all new- a more sophisticated one.
We feel that we are under constant surveillance. There are a small one followed me.
I my clear night they can be seen from home which dominate the wide vicinity of the sky with a low altitude.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a handwritten document or report.

the story we receive was that they saw five distant stars darting in and out and staying up for nearly an hour the parting of the clouds was filled with dust and plenty of people stopping for the happening may 23, 1947 and i happened to it. but nobody else even glanced at it. after stopping we desire to Guilford Center where my sister lives. there were two men in the car. the way they arrived in Guilford, I suspect it to their haste. one evening while i drove out to Guilford there were four red 11.30 They did appear. the search plane a great way further south and apparently landed.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. There are several dark horizontal bars or lines across the document, likely from the scanning or copying process.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

"range of mountains to the west there is a mill take a picture of it in the sky in great detail have 100 pictures to send therefore give me have only for it. I wish someone to investigate. It might be a mental defense program.

Sincerely,
(Name)
Brattleboro, Vermont"

- page 6 -

