The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
  WALKER, MINNESOTA
2. LOCATION
  WALKER, MINNESOTA
19. CONCLUSION
  INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
  ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
  20 MINUTES OR LESS
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
  VISUAL-VISUAL
7. COURSE
  STRAIGHT
8. PHOTOS
  NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
  NO

According to the document, the observer sighted a "yellowish star-like object" that appeared to be standing still. The object seemed to be higher and higher in the sky at intervals, and the observer saw it high in the sky, about 30 deg as it appeared to zip across the sky to about 60 deg.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting in Walker, Minnesota.

Text from the document:

USAF. (SAFOID) 
PO DRALLES

Ref the attached UFO rpt from Minn,  regarding 
her unidentified observation - 16 Feb 68, there 
is too old to investigate. In the future 
she should report her sighting as soon as 
possible to the nearest air base, etc.

DEPT (CFO) W-P AFD, Ohio 45433
24 Jun 63
70916

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed.
1. When did you see the object? 6 February 1968
2. Time of day: 7:15 to about 7:45 CST
Hour: (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Village of Walker, Cass County, Minnesota
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) APPROXIMATELY 30 minutes or less
How was time in sight determined? Left home about 7:15, believe I arrived at destination approximately 7:45.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: 1. Clear 2. Partly Cloudy 3. Cloudy NIGHT: 4. Clear 5. Partly Cloudy 6. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. To your left b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions related to the observation of a UFO.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? (Circle One for each question)
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______________________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Irregular or ragged
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Stop and hover at any time?    Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?    Yes   No   Don't know
c. Disappear and reappear?    Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off sparks?    Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change brightness?    Yes   No   Don't know
f. Change shape?    Yes   No   Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?    Yes   No   Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?    Yes   No   Don't know

- page 4 -

The image contains a photograph. The text describes the object as first appearing like a large star, but then becoming larger, more translucent, and somewhat horizontal in the bright light, which prevented the observers from perceiving its exact shape.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes.  It vanished instantaneously.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):   Yes    (No)   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: _________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No    Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: ___________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  None that I could hear.
b. Color  Color of a star, Probably like a yellow light, translucent.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the match stick is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the match head would have been covered by the object? 
It was a little larger than the largest star.  The largest two objects in the sky seemed to be a large star in the eastern sky, which is visible every night at that time of year, and this object which started in the north-northeast.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects.  Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially show trails or vapor trails.  Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The image shows a hand-drawn sketch of an object in the sky. The object is described as appearing similar to a very large, brighter-than-normal star, and that it changed in size and shape over time, becoming larger, more translucent, and somewhat horizontal in the bright light.]

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes / No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes / No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour, when I first saw it.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes / No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One)
a. Eyeglasses Yes / No
b. Sun glasses Yes / No
c. Windshield Yes / No
d. Window glass Yes / No

e. Binoculars Yes / No
f. Telescope Yes / No
g. Theodolite Yes / No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects which, when pieced up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Just a light so bright that we couldn't see exactly what it looked like.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a sketch/diagram and text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

90°    75°
60°    45°
30°    15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path. Show any changes in direction during the course. Through it appeared to be standing still, I saw it move higher in the sky at intervals of several minutes. Then we lost it when we drove to our destination, and I saw it high in the sky, about 90° and I tipped out of the car at about 60°.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Never.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
I am not at liberty to give anyone else's name or address.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] [Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 39
SEX: F
Occupation - stenographer.
Please do not publicize my name.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
7 February 1968 - Cass County Sheriff's office, Walker, Minnesota.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 May 1968
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

The first sighting was first seen by my friend while driving to my place to pick me up. After I got into the car, we drove down to the quite well-frozen-over something where we could not get a better look at it across the lake to the northeast. We watched it about five minutes there. It appeared in the day-light which we thought at must be a star, and at about 300 yards away. It first saw it while we were driving up to the lakeshore. 
After watching it for about five minutes, and the driver turned down the highway going east instead of going to our destination. About one-half mile east of Walker, we stopped the car and turned off the highway. I noticed all during this time no other traffic or persons of any kind either in the village or on the road and looked for the bright object and it was then it seemed much bigger than before. Though the brightness of the object prevented us from seeing the shape clearly, it showed there was a vaguely horizontal shape. After we felt it was not a star. Possibly it was translucent, and we felt it was not a star. Possibly 45-50 feet in diameter.
After watching it for that length of time and that location, we decided we were getting late and left there and drove back into Walker and to our destination, which was in the residential area. I could not see the object while we were driving back, going west and south. There was no traffic on the highway as we were driving, thus could not made a mental note of it.
When we arrived at our destination, I stepped out of the car first and looked up into the sky to sight the object again. This time I saw an object, somewhat brighter and bigger than before, and seemingly horizontal and translucent. but it was more with the sky and to the east, or possibly slightly southeast, not directly overhead, but I had to look up from the car. The object was high, but different in appearance to the car. There were no lights on it and could not see it clearly, but it had the twinkling of an eye to about a 60° angle to the north quite distinctly. There was no tail, no smoke, and nothing there after it vanished. I could not estimate the speed, unless it seemed very far away, and my eyes followed it all the way across the sky, getting smaller and smaller until it vanished. It in vanished after perhaps 15 seconds. I looked about half a minute or a little more, and about 600-700 feet up. The path was not straight, but as if it made a slight curve. I should estimate high speed, about 500 mph. The object was not very bright, but as are some st3rs. It was not flashing or winking, but was steadily shining, with no flame or anything else showing in front of it. It sped from south to north. It was in the northeastern part of the sky when it vanished.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a letter from the Congress of the United States House of Representatives addressed to the Department of the Air Force regarding a sighted unidentified flying object. The letter is signed by Odin Langen, a Member of Congress.

Congress of the United States
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C. 20515
May 31, 1968

Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

The enclosed is forwarded to you at the request
of my constituent, [redacted], Minnesota,
who has completed the Technical Information form with regard
to a sighted unidentified flying object.

She requests that her name not be publicized.

Sincerely,
Odin Langen
Member of Congress

Encl:
Disclosure

- page 10 -

