The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

LOCATION: South Charleston, Ohio
CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 5
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
PHOTOS: None
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC), regarding a UFO observation on 26 March 1968 in South Charleston, Ohio.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO) 

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 26 March 1968

TO: Sarah Charleston, Ohio 45369

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 26 March 1968, would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it to this office as a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object reports.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 21 July 1968
2. Time of day: 6:55 Hour Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? DUNBAR CHARLESTON, CHARLESTON CITY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 4-5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? VISUAL ESTIMATE
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One)
 DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy 
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF YOU SAW the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky 
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:______________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
c. Drift or move parts or pulsed? Yes  No  Don't know
d. Give off smoke or trail? Yes  No  Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes  No  Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes  No  Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes  No  Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes  No  Don't know

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - everytliing disappeared instanuaiteously

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
it moved behind - 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ------
b. Color Glowinq (silver-like).

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
(Approximately covered) -

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please try to make the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(A rough sketch was provided showing an oval or cigar-shaped object with a trail behind it.)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a project blue book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country? d. Alone on a flight? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
<Signature>

- page 6 -

1. The image contains a photograph of a compass-like diagram with angular markings, which appears to be part of the Project Blue Book UFO report document.

2. Text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) of the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the center shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Five objects only -
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Answer: Please see written response.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Answer: Redacted name and address information.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Name: Redacted
Address: St Charleston, Ohio
Telephone Number: Redacted
Age: 46 Sex: M 
Additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent: None provided.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
9 6 1968 Reported to G-2 (Military Intelligence)

- page 8 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from a document, likely a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 26 Mar 1968
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 9 -

