The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

1. AT EYTIME GROUP 
3. JUNE 6, 1968
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 
ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual 
7. COURSE
Not reported
8. PHOTOS
(B) YH, (B) NM
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
(B) YH, (B) NM  
10. CONCLUSION
Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
COMMENTS: The observer has seen many UFOs in the past.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Case.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

USAP (SAPOCC)
Please send a Blue Book to:
[Redacted]
Cleveland, Ohio 44105
TPNE (UFO), W-P AFB, Ohio, 10 Jul 68, 70916

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Dear Sir: 
I am very much interested in the U.F.O. Sightings as an article in the Cleveland [Cleveland] Press during the weekend of the 24th of June 1968 was of great interest to me. The report stated that the military took the reports very lightly and did not even investigate the sightings. As belonging to a flying saucer watcher group, I was rather disappointed in this. As I am from my long standing program to study possible landings and behavior of UFOs.  I would appreciate any additional information you could send me from files on this particular sighting. I realize you are busy, but any information would be greatly appreciated.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely a page from a report.

Blue Book with stuck
The object was a candidate
Event so fast 20 minutes maximum
outline of object was fuzzy but distinct
moved at high speed and altitude. 5 times the speed of conventional aircraft.
the most beautiful thing, have ever seen -
what big arm? Probably my impression
June 24 27 minutes over
all the same, more weight to cant
at below light bright through window
into the dark cloud.
like the

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report. I will now act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

Daza Bray the along a g a pasture the only abaaruhle used be got of the one in a battle a little tank about made out with Vhick was -- Also many which to far these uantrols. a Jame after 723.0 m. I have see a is about bright one aud too that take those some think to see these are a ttle eo a He are atso watching, we think

There ie aothing eplinblo then thet this couplat 8-9 feet long a Bl back Caddie come down the atrias and 3 i b ft. high with, Lit. hod wit l my hair i no at all 
They got back akind looked again and then took off. I followed the titan came. I collected the time it spent

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document that appears to be part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Please see the text output below:

Please give me more details of the sighting. Details of what?

Mrs. Ceciel and
date 8-6-68

- page 6 -

