The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a government document related to the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 20 APR 68 21/0902Z
2. LOCATION: Springfield, Ohio
3. CONCLUSION: Probable (SATELLITE)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: The observer sighted a silver colored light that looked like a star. The light traveled from the 5 to the 12 and was seen for 5 - 10 Minutes.
6. COURSE: -
7. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this document page. The image appears to be a blank form or questionnaire with only text visible.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 apr 55
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire—a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFSC)
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 20 April 1968

Springfield, Ohio 45506

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 20 April 1968, please complete the attached form. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make that statement to the effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

R. J. QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technology Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope (? cys)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS (AFSC) TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:	TDFD (UFO)

SUBJECT:	UFO Observation, 20 April 1963

TO:		
Springfield, Ohio 45505

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as a witness to an unidentified flying object. On 20 April 1963, you filed a report on this sighting. Would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Foreign Technology Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, and we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 20 APR 68
2. Time of day: 11 Hour 15 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other LOCAL
4. Where were you when you saw the object? SPRINGFIELD, City or Town STATE or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire related to the observation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text on the page contains various questions and multiple-choice answer options for the observer to fill out, covering details about the sighting such as the appearance of the object, weather conditions, and whether the object exhibited any unusual behaviors.

Here is the text from the page, transcribed as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?     Yes     No     Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?     Yes     No     Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?     Yes     No     Don't know
d. Give off smoke?     Yes     No     Don't know
e. Change brightness?     Yes     No     Don't know
f. Change shape?     Yes     No     Don't know
g. Flash?     Yes     No     Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?     Yes     No     Don't know

- page 6 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page contains text with questions and answer fields related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
MERELY WENT OUT OF SIGHT

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: FT 5 
b. Color: DULL WHITE, METALLIC LUSTER

18. We wish to know the angular size of the object. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a historical program by the U.S. Air Force to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?  
(Circle One) YES ----- NO  
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  
FAST AS WIND

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?  
(Circle One) YES ----- NO  
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?  
a. Inside a building  
b. In a car  
c. Outdoors  
d. In an airplane (type)  
e. At sea  
f. Other  

23. Were you (Circle One)  
a. In the business section of a city?  
b. In the residential section of a city?  
c. In open countryside?  
d. Near an airfield?  
e. Flying over the country?  
f. Flying over the sea?  
g. Other  

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:  
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)  
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest  
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.  
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes ----- No  

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?  
a. Binoculars _____ Yes (No)  
b. Sun glasses _____ Yes (No)  
c. Windshield _____ Yes (No)  
d. Window glass _____ Yes (No)  
e. Telescope _____ Yes (No)  
f. Theodolite _____ Yes (No)  
g. Other _____ Yes (No)  

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that includes diagrams and instructions related to observing and reporting UFO sightings.

Here is the text output from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the campus where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the campus where you last saw the object.

90°    75°
   \    |
    \   |
     \  |
      \ |
       \|
        60°
         \
          45°
           \
            30°
             \
              15°
               \
                0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a form that has been filled out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes (Circle One) No

31.1 If so, answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NO.: [Redacted]
AGE: 22 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
-

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
[Redacted]

- page 10 -

