The image does not contain any photographs or visual evidence. It appears to be a form or report from Project 10073, which details an "unreliable" UFO sighting report.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 05/20/68 - 06/00/05
2. LOCATION Bellefontaine, Ohio
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 15 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE See Case 
8. PHOTOS □ Yes XX No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE □ Yes XX No
10. CONCLUSION Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
Investigating officer did not feel the report was reliable.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS See Case Files
FORM FTD SP 43 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document.

OOP (DEW) 16 Dec 1968
UFO REPORT
FTD (Sgt. Jones)
Wright-Patterson AFP, OHIO
1. This report summarizes the results of the investigation conducted by this unit in response to a reported UFO sighting. All available data was researched and analyzed in report.
2. The results of our investigation, while not specifically identifying the object, seem to indicate that, due to the nature of the sighting and the information supplied by the informant, further investigation is unnecessary.
FOR THE COMMANDER
DONALD E. WADDELL, III, 2nd Lt., USAF
Unit UFO Officer

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and transcribe all the text found in the document.

A report of an unusual flying object was received at this base by SSgt J.A. Booth the 6th of Dec 1968 at 2205. The reporter, a telephone and his description of the incident can be found in Appendix A of this report.

On receiving the report, SSgt Booth reported the incident to Lt. Donald E. Waddell, UFO (DETR) of the 4661th ARRT. The 6th of Dec Lt. Waddell contacted Right-Patterson AFB (DETR) and reported the incident to Capt. Joseph who instructed a follow up report.

The same day Indianapolis ARTCC was contacted concerning the incident. The watch supervisor said no unusual air traffic was observed in the area the 5th but that the Ohio State Patrol said no other reports were received concerning the sighting.

The witness indicated that his ability to verify the details of this story as he contradicted himself several times. The object, he said, was observed in Bellefontaine 2000-2030, appearing to move from east then to the south. The object was observed while the individual was driving. He described it as light in color, self-illuminating, solid circle with fuzzy edges. It was about the size of a quarter and no noise was heard. He stated if it was his first sighting of such an object said yes but later told of a similar experience in April of 1968 in which a general alarm was given. He described the object as black cigar shaped and at the same time turned a bluish-white and disappeared. There was another observer to this individual event but did not know who it was.

Originally he indicated that the sky was clear of any objects such as air traffic during the sighting but later said that it was a small aircraft flying north in the area which first drew his attention to the object.

The witness is a male, 19 years of age who is an assembly line worker at Airstream Manufacturing Co. His address is Bellefontaine, Ohio. He scientific or technical background and is a high school graduate.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing an observation of an unidentified flying object.

APPENDIX I
I was heading east, object was heading east on county road 25, object was ahead a little bit to the left, front of car, could look through windshield, front, witness. I turned south on county road 9, object still going straight on ahead. When I passed a house, which was on left side of road, I noticed object was not going southerly direction, 'and I could see it with ease through left front door window.' When I turned onto state road 47 object also turned in direction I did toward Bellefontaine.
Object appeared not to make any precise 90 turns. When I got to Williams & Main St. the object took off quickly, straight up when I stopped. Coming to Bellefontaine I could see the object with ease through left front door window. I had stopped three times and object stopped at same time. Third time I stopped there weren't any buildings close by and slight wind. I rolled down window, thinking it might have been a reflection on window, but object still appeared high which humming sound. Object looked round and bluish-white in color. I couldn't tell size, appeared to be about 2 miles from car. At this time I was about one mile from state road 47. Sky was clear, I didn't see any clouds.

- page 4 -

