The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record form.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: JAN 1960
2. LOCATION: Elizabeth City, North Carolina
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: see case
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: see case
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: see case
8. PHOTOS: none
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: CONFUSING DATA
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: "The observer states about 7 different sightings all are confusing. He states at one point 'Flying nothing but a sign coming from above....' For details see case file.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) during the 1950s and 1960s.

The text in the document reads as follows:

To: Project Blue-book Information SAFDI
Washington, D.C. (20333)
Dear Sirs:
My name is a Junior at High School here in Elizabeth City, N.C. I have some information on U.F.O.'s. or Flying Saucer Comments on Coral and Jim Lorenzen "Little - Flying Saucers - Serious Business" by Frank, they knew too much about flying saucers. The Flying Saucers Reader by David P Undacored by Marshal Flying a Green Field From Outer Space to you by Harold T Wilkins. Damaged.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text that appears to be a description of a UFO sighting.

Text transcribed from the image:

Flying Saucers A Challenge to
by Jacques & Janine Vallee,
above us, by Malcom KAHN
more.
3 years I have been interesting in
But I have seen an unknown
Object flying througn our Skies
like a Sone Vega in the constell
About 8 n light-years away. From the
No - sound at all. I also have a
3 inch refracter telescope, about
hour. the color of it is white
Is Red. One thing peculiar
Sometimes it will be coming
North going towards the South than
mid-air and turn around Towards the
North Again, Sometimes it will
the South travelling toward the
mile (2 of these

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a handwritten document with text describing an incident.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Both of them appeared to be moving toward the North east up, another one was going about 1 miles above the ground and headed from East to West. Some kind of upper Big Dipper or Ursa major. Observe about 30 minutes and about 1/2 of my brothers have seen the same thing and stay there I would say that the length of time that I saw this, on a summer nite, July 29, 1966, my cousin and my uncle, they this thing, they observed the light was about as a complete around the size of the sighting. About 100 yards across a field, it was.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document describing a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text:

From South to Northeast, but it was ahead, seemed North again, it was and blurred and oval shape, it was white in color, it was like a helicopter, it had no sound at all, determined the size of light, the object got brighter & brighter than it.
Remember January 12, 1965, having a poor visibility. Near the horizon a sighted & I thought it was the plane but Notice it move, it came from the East going slow, it was real bright as star, with no sound at all. Then it brightened up more, a nice & slow a strange object hovering about 10:00 o'clock then it became & was clearly that not cover the object move, the object disappears.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text on what appears to be a page from a UFO report document.

Text transcribed from the document:

Here is another sighting that happened on January 27, 1968. It was making terrestrial hand-viewing, when - some events & always take my home. I watched the air liner & believe the New York, New Jersey and Washington district tell the difference between force military & small force & hope you are not thinking that NEED Glasses or anything trying to looking through the telescope the cause up white smoke from the seeing. The witness again seen a strange sighting, they said this was crazy they were drunk. I told my year young that telescope something this object was about 7-800 ft. in the air & it was flying the object.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten text that discusses various topics related to UFOs, the state of the world, and sociopolitical issues.

The text on the image reads:

"Sigus there shall be from your air force and NASA. That in mind i wish to stop trying to put a man down 2!1! and have proof that this things do exist, but this planet is about up i tell you why these species or UFOs do exist, look world ploblem today concerning states, peace centering. Only alaska war-Vietnam korea middle easter asian violence-world going world dear full sights and srgus ladies & gentlemen whats happen in the today everything is tight in the bible, is trying nuclear and UFOs. they do exist."

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text describing a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text in the image:

Oh! it was 2 times larger than a helicopter. It was about 100 ft wide. Series that comes on television - nun - or shape like a ship from the deck of two small ones. The shape was ridiculous. They say no one was ever in this. We must put in the how these so called saucers are nothing but a sign of our heaven it is the Bible - St. Luke - Pestilence wears like and pearance, God.

- page 8 -

