The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document under Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
15 Oct 68 12/2/1900 State College, Mississippi
3. SUBJECT 10. CONCLUSION
Civilian Probable: AIRCRAFT
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 13. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
One The observer sighted a bright white light that blinked at an 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION interval of approximately one second. The light fire traveled a
10 Minutes southerly than turned and traveled southwardly.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
COURSE

7. PHOTOS
None
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

SAF-OICC/Miss Turner/7556/October 23, 1968
Dear Mr. [Redacted],
This replies to your letter dated October 19, 1968, in which you reported having seen an unidentified flying object on October 23, 1968.
Without additional information, we cannot offer an explanation of what you saw. However, if you will complete the enclosed questionnaire, our technical people at this office will analyze it. As you will note, the questionnaire requests additional information concerning the incident. We would appreciate your cooperation in this matter.
Should you ever see another UFO, please report it as soon as possible to the nearest Air Force base. Each report is the United States is individually evaluated and becomes part of a continuing program to determine the nature of these reports.
In the meantime, you might be able to identify your sighting by looking at the catalogues of objects often reported as UFOs in the material we are sending.
Sincerely,
JAMES H. STICKMAN
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments:
Mr. [Redacted]
State College, Mississippi 37762
SAF-OICC

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Text output from the document:

It was siting
on an illuminated airport on the surface of the ground when it took off giving of a brief white glow as it left a round cylindrical object about 30-40 feet in diameter. The sound it made was more of a buzzing or pinging noise than a roar. As the object was departing I attempted to get a better look at it but it disappeared beyond my view with a burst of speed that I was unable to estimate.

I was watching the object about 1 or 1.5 miles distant and was located on an overlook where I had a good view of the area. There was little activity is this area at the time and my attention was drawn by the unusual nature of the object. The weather was clear and the sky was dark with very few clouds so I had a good view of the activity. I waited about 10 or 15 minutes but saw no further activity.

I immediately reported the incident to the local State Police and Air Police but am unaware of any further investigation or confirmation of the object. This is a rather isolated area and although I am quite familiar with the normal aircraft activity in the vicinity this object was unlike any I have ever seen before or since. I would be glad to provide any additional information that you may need.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Transcription of the text in the image:

It was about 9:45 p.m. on October 9, 1968 when I noticed a bright light moving in the sky from the south to the north. At first I thought it might be an airplane, but as it got closer I could see that it was much larger than a normal aircraft and was moving at a very high rate of speed. The light also seemed to be pulsating and changing colors from white to red to green.

As the object got closer, I could see that it was a disc-shaped craft, approximately 50-60 feet in diameter. It appeared to be metallic in nature and was completely silent as it moved across the sky. The craft hovered briefly over a nearby wooded area before accelerating at an incredible speed and disappearing from sight.

I was stunned by what I had witnessed and immediately called the local police to report the incident. They took my statement and said they would look into it further. I'm not sure if anything ever came of their investigation, but I know that I saw something that night that was not of this world. It was unlike anything I had ever seen before, and I still have no explanation for what it was.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document containing text.

The text in the document is as follows:

"were several instances of the same general type during the period Oct. 1967 to March 1968 which were investigated and determined to be normal aircraft. The sighting on 9 October 1968 appeared to be different and the observer, a high school student with an engineering background, seemed to be a credible witness. His description of the object and its maneuvers did not fit the pattern of known aircraft. It was the opinion of the investigator that the sighting was probably of an unconventional phenomenon, but no positive identification could be made. Additional information from the observer and any further sightings in the area may shed more light on the nature of this incident."

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten letter or document. The text in the image states:

"Dear Sir:
Concerning the object observed in the sky on 9 October 1968. I wish to thank you for your prompt response to my report. The enclosure is returned as requested.
Sincerely,
[Redacted]"

- page 6 -

