The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 26 FEB 68 27/01012
2. LOCATION: Irvington, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: TWO
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: NNW to NW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (HOT AIR BALLOON)
COMMENTS: The description is consistent with that of a hot air balloon. The observer sighted two yellowish lights. The main one was twice as bright as a bright star and one was to the right and smaller. The smaller one pulsated at various times during the observation. The object first traveled toward the SW then turned and headed NW.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

THINKS THAT EVERYTHING WASHED OVER IN THIS CASE STANDS HALE
IF SENT A LETTER TO QUESTION WHICH REFERRED TO MY FARMER 
YOU MAY RECEIVE A REPLY BECAUSE HE LAST WAS AWAY ABOUT 2 MINUTES IN THE AVERAGE OF THE DISTANCE TO GET HIS CAR.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book report. The text of the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE  
HEADQUARTERS, FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)  
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO: TFPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 25 or 26 February 1968

TO: Mr. [Redacted]  
Ardsley, New York 10502  

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to the UFO sighting on 25 or 26 February 1968, would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it to us in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please state this fact at the top of the AF Form 117. This statement to this effect on the sighting would be used in evaluating the attached sighting. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF  
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office  
Aerospace Technologies Division  
Production Directorate

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

Text from the document:

MAR 8 1968

Dear [redacted],

This will reply to your letter of February 26, 1968, in which you described an unidentified flying object (UFO) that you and your father observed.

Without additional information, we cannot offer an explanation of the UFO you saw. However, if you will complete the attached questionnaire and mail it to the address on the enclosed envelope, our records may provide clues that will be useful in investigating your case further and making an evaluation.

Should you ever sight another UFO, please report it as soon as possible to the nearest Air Force base. Each base has a UFO investigator, who is in a better position to make an on-the-spot investigation which usually results in a more accurate analysis.

In the meantime, we are sending you some literature that may help you identify the sighting. Thank you for reporting it to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. SWILLLS
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments:
DR. ------, Ardsley, New York 10502

SAF-OIC
Coord Cy - SAF-OIC
Ckbo Cy - SAF-OIC
Activity Cy - SAF-OIC
Reader Cy - SAF-OIC
Susp Stk

CC: WPAFB

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only handwritten text. Acting as an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

Feb 26, 1965

Irvington, N.Y. 10522

Dear Sir,

Last night (Feb 25) I saw a UFO for over 1 1/2 hours in the western skies about 9:00 P.M. 

When I first saw it, it appeared star-like, but it soon developed into a star-shaped object and it was yellow with
lighted and it moved rapidly. The size of the 1 on the right side was diminutive compared to the size of the object which
was going out of sight at much lower than a star-like vehicle and flew north toward the western skies. It went
beyond my sight and I lost sight of it about 5 minutes before 11 P.M. I phoned various individuals in Irvington, N.Y. at the time. I phoned a police because of its strange flight characteristics. It did not stop and hovered at any time. There were no sounds from the object which was going across the western sky and
of the western part. The police said he could see the lights and said this thing was going the western
sky. As I said, this thing I saw was for over 1 1/2 hours strange object. Please let me know if anything like this
has been observed anywhere. I look forward to your reply. Thank you for your attention. I was very impressed with
the first impression of the object. I saw it.

- page 5 -

The image shared does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

It seems dont recall in details of my age (13) you know what my family so please remember when I said it was 3.000 T. No cover on the object but saw short 1 flash of light and that was all I saw and the was something like 1 minute in duration and my family and I were on time. Nothing more I can say this object was reported in the papers as been sighted in other towns as well and Ive seen.

Thank Elvis

- page 6 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Analysis at the U. S. Air Force Aerospace Defense Command in Colorado Springs, Colorado, concluded that an object which glimmered no earlier than mid-February was a portion of the unmanned Apollo 5 spacecraft launched from Cape Kennedy on January 22, 1968.

Apollo 5 was one of a series of test launches being conducted by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in preparation for a manned lunar mission. 

Reports in the South American press described a strange, 125-pound metallic object which produced three loud, sonic-boom-like explosions as it came down in the Colombian province of Meta on February 12.

Orbital analysts at ADC had predicted that the descent stage of the Apollo lunar module would decay on February 12 within plus or minus five minutes of 17:51 Greenwich Mean Time (10:51 a.m. EST). The north to south track over Mexico and the Caribbean Sea would have carried the object to the Colombian impact area.

This evaluation was provided by the 1st Aerospace Control Squadron, 9th Aerospace Defense Division, ADC, which operates the Space Defense Center in the North American Air Defense Command's Cheyenne Mountain complex near Colorado Springs.

The Space Defense Center is the command post for a global network of electronic and optical sensors operated by the ADC Aerospace Defense Division to detect, identify and track earth-orbiting satellites.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO report document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: (15 'May  1968...

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I was standing in an open field not too far from my home trying to get a better look at a strange light I had noticed earlier. I did not see the object at first, but after looking around for a while, I saw it straight in front of me, hovering over the trees. It appeared to be circular in shape and very bright. I watched it for several minutes, and it seemed to be moving slowly at first, then suddenly shot straight up and disappeared. I was very surprised by this and went home to tell my family what I had seen. I am curious to know if anyone else in the area reported seeing the same thing that night.

- page 8 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions from an official U.S. Air Force document. There is no photograph present in this image.

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sykine) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass when you last saw it.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically form continued page 4.

OCR Output:
UB form continued

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date and location?
Yes L -'-t3B -o4 ~ ~ ~ld - ✓ it ~l_,t 1 ~

31. If you answered "YES", did they see the object too? (Circle One): Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: Last Name - First Name - Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street City State Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
AGE: 13 SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

I can not remember dates or times when I may have seen this object. It base no
recognition in memory as seeing a similar type. I have no recollection of discussing
this in any way.

I was an amateur student a little over a year ago in the physics
of space travel and atomic structure, but never associated any
of this to my present sightings or mention it to anyone. It is
the green flashes that I recall, it might be a 70" meteor as described.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? I h4dnt report it to anyone, it was just an observation by my self.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a page from a UFO report document titled "FORCE U-FO FORM". The form contains various questions and fields for the observer to fill out regarding details of their UFO sighting, such as the appearance of the object, weather conditions, and the object's behavior.

Text from the document:

FORCE U-FO FORM
Page 2

9. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. MOON (Circle One): a. Full moon
b. Bright moonlight
c. Half moon
d. Don't remember

10. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? (Circle One):
WEATHER: a. Clear
b. Partly cloudy or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

11. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter 
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Other (please describe)

13. Did the object: (Circle One or more for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes      No      Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and move away? Yes      No      Don't know
...

- page 11 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. I will now proceed to extract the text from the document.

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE
THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA YOU HAVE OBSERVED. YOUR COOPERATION IN ANSWERING THE QUESTIONS WILL BE VERY HELPFUL. PLEASE FILL OUT THIS FORM COMPLETELY. YOUR NAME WILL NOT BE USED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF YOUR STATEMENTS OR CONCLUSIONS WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION.
1. WHEN DID YOU FIRST SIGHT THE PHENOMENA? 
DAY ___15___ MONTH ___FEBRUARY___ YEAR ___1968___
2. WHAT TIME DID YOU FIRST SIGHT THE PHENOMENA? 
HOUR ___6___ MINUTES ___30___  [X]A.M. [ ]P.M.
3. WHAT TIME DID YOU LAST SIGHT THE PHENOMENA?
HOUR ___7___ MINUTES ___0___  [X]A.M. [ ]P.M.
4. TIME ZONE: [X]DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME [ ]STANDARD
5. WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENA? IF IN CITY, GIVE THE NEAREST STREET ADDRESS AND INDICATE ON A RAND-McNALLY ROAD MAP WHERE YOU WERE AT THE TIME:
Near 1 Sheridan St in Irvington, N.Y. About a mile and 3/4 east of the traffic circle
6. IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE POINT SHOWN IN THE SKETCH. PLACE AN "X" ON THE CIRCLE LINE TO SHOW HOW HIGH THE PHENOMENON WAS ABOVE THE HORIZON. DRAW A VERTICAL LINE TO SHOW HOW HIGH ABOVE THE HORIZON THE PHENOMENON WAS WHEN LAST SEEN.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE" document, which appears to be a questionnaire or form related to the reporting of unidentified aerial phenomena.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FOR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used in connection with any further investigation, study, or analysis of the reported sighting, and it will not be used for any publicity, press release, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 8:15 Hours _15__ Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Wilmington, Delaware 19801
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How were the object's motion determined? Day tima - observed it moving across the sky
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Night b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember
8. If you saw the object, describe the style: a. Lights b. STARS Circle c. Bright d. Dull
9. What were the weather conditions: a. Windy b. Clear c. Hazy d. Overcast e. Raining f. Foggy
10. The object appeared: a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor
11. If it appeared as a light, did the object: a. Steady b. Flashing c. Pulsating d. Strobing
11.1 Compare it with: a. Star b. Planet c. Satellite d. Aircraft e. Other
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Sharp b. Fuzzy c. Ill-defined
13. Did the object: a. Appear to stand still b. Move slowly c. Move rapidly d. Move erratically e. Suddenly speed up f. Change direction g. Climb or descend
14. General shape: a. Round b. Oval c. Cigar d. Sphere e. Disc f. Triangle g. Other
15. Color: a. White b. Gray c. Silver d. Red e. Green f. Blue g. Yellow
16. Size of object compared to: a. Pencil head b. Nickel c. Half dollar d. Silver dollar e. Basketball f. Other
17. Sound: a. None b. Humming c. Whistling d. Roar e. Explosion
18. Remarks: Observed it moving rapidly across the sky at an angle, then it made an abrupt turn and disappeared.
Signature to Witness Certification

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "Air Force UFO form continued".

Air Force UFO form continued
22. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?_____________
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?_______________
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 1. Inside a building 2. In a vehicle 3. Outdoors 4. In an airplane (type) 5. At sea 6. Other_____________
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In a rural area? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other_____________
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West 24.2 How fast were you moving? _______miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No (Circle One)
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses YES NO b. Sun glasses YES NO c. Binoculars YES NO d. Telescope YES NO e. Windshield YES NO f. Window glass YES NO g. Theodolite YES NO h. Other_____________

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document related to the reporting of UFO sightings. The document contains a series of questions for the witness to answer, along with a space to draw a diagram representing the observed object's movement.

Official U.S. Air Force
14. Did the object disappear - while you were watching it? If so, how?
It seemed to slowly disappear until I could hardly see it anymore.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
It moved behind what appeared to be a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
It moved in front of what appeared to be a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Absolutely silent
b. Color: Bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pen's length in line with the known object and note how much of the length of the match head it covered. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the match head would the object have covered? 
-

19. Draw a picture of the path the object took. Include direction, changes in speed or altitude, etc., and especially indicate any exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please use pencil.
[A simple diagram showing an elongated path with the object starting at the left and ending at the right is drawn on the form.]

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

NCIO
FLIGHT CREW MEMBER A. (no surname given)
for
SATELLITE RE-ENTRY OR SHORT DURABL?T

In conjunction with
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and Racase...

1. Flight ESS-2811 2947
2. Date 2/16/68
3. Time 0254
4. Location (DME and radial reading from 6 VOR units overhead) FILED WESTIE
5. Plane heading magnetic 246
6. Altitude 16,800
7. Crew members witnes sing event JUST FR (rest obscured)
8. Estimate degrees right or left of plane heading and elevation (in degrees)
9. Estimate degrees right or left of plane heading and elevation (in degrees) of object when last sighted.
10. Apparent brightness: A. Too bright to look at
B. As bright as full moon
11. Duration of sighting 42-45 seconds
12. Break up noted and/or color noted YELLOW TO REDDISH

Was this a predicted re-entry? yes

To list additional information, please use the reverse side.
Date: 2-17-67
Signature (redacted)

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO report from Vashon Island.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

APPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPTR-h / Lt Col Smith / 70069

SUBJECT: Vashon Island - UFO Report

TO: TDPTR / UFO

1. In response to your request, I have reviewed the Vashon Island, Washington "Ice" incident of February 16, 1968. In my opinion the following items cast doubt on the veracity of the report:

a. The observers were themselves quite sure, and the observers' interview -- possibly indicating they weren't reporting an actual event.

b. Nothing (with the exception of the ice) more tangible than an unidentified light, which could not be verified by additional witnesses, was observed at the scene.

c. The sighting occurred after midnight at an isolated location. The reason for the observers visiting a gravel pit after midnight is not explained in the report -- and frankly difficult to justify.

2. Two facts included in the report should be commented upon: First is the statement by Tony Grogan that the pond or gravel pit is located in a cold spot on the island. It is well-known that large temperature differentials can be encountered as a result of local terrain. And it is quite possible that an unusual condition of local freezing could have resulted in the formation of the gravel pit. It seems unlikely that this condition was unusual enough to attract special attention.

3. The second point worthy of comment is the texture of the ice. It is obvious that the ice contains air pockets and particles of gravel or soil. When muddy water, such as one would expect to find in a gravel pit, crystallizes, the ice often contains foreign particles. The suspension of rocks or soil particles in the water during the freezing process will result in the layer effect observed in one of the photographs indicates water in the pond froze on.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

Here is the text output from the document:

The different occasions. The layering effect, plus the inclusion of high moisture could be tentative to indicate that the ice was formed as the result of these more phenomena than the freezing of a steady pond.

It seems highly unlikely, considering the location of the incident; however, the location of formed as the result of water vapor arising from thermal regions of the soil. The presence of strong temperature gradients (80-95F) are necessary to help this process. The vapor rising taking trapped soil particles with it to the upper layers of the soil, where it condenses in the temperature gradient. It appears that the ice has grown in the layered structure, the growth of the layers of ice depend upon the ambient air temperature, water-soil temperature gradient in the soil and perhaps particle size of the soil.

In summary, I find nothing in the evidence submitted with this report which would indicate anything occurring other than as the result of a natural phenomenon.

BOYCE M. SMITH LT COL, USAF
PID STATEMENT

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter discussing a report on the "Vashon Island, Washington 'Ices' incident" of February 18, 1968. The letter is addressed to Dr. J.A. Hynek of the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. It mentions that the original report, along with water and soil samples, was submitted to the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization on March 4. The letter also states that information concerning the analysis of the samples should be available from APRO, and that the author's talk at the University of Washington on February 27 was very interesting and enjoyed.

Dr. J.A. Hynek
c/o Department of Astronomy
Northwestern University 
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

A copy of the report of the Vashon Island, Washington "Ices" incident of February 18, 1968 which you requested is enclosed. The original report, along with water and soil samples, was submitted to the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization on March 4.

Information concerning the analysis of the samples should be available from APRO in the near future. If there is further information which I might be able to supply, do not hesitate to request it.

Your talk at the University of Washington on February 27 was extremely interesting and very much enjoyed. I hope you have the opportunity to speak in this area again soon.

RECEIVED
MAR 15 1968
ASTRONOMY DEPARTMENT
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY

- page 19 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain a photograph, but rather a written interview transcript.

INTERVIEW WITH MR. & MRS.
(The los sample shown in the accompanying photographs belonged to the witnesses. They related the following information to me during the photographic session in their front yard.)
The sample was taken from the frozen pond at about 5:00 pm on Sunday, February 18.
did not report any unusual disturbances on the night of the sighting near their home, but they did say that a similar light had been seen by their daughter and her boyfriend (the gravel pit is a local lovers' lane) about four or five years back.
Mr.  stated that he had seen some UFOs in 1953. Briefly, the sighting occurred on a clear, hot day during the summer in Seattle. He reports seeing twelve disks ("like pink balloons") in the northern sky. The disks were "playing" (circling around each other) as they crossed to the south. One disk was reported to have left the group at a very high speed.
INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT
Both of these people were very anxious to cooperate with me. They agreed to keep the sample of ice for a month before getting rid of it. It is therefore available if needed for further investigation.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph or image present in the document shared. The document appears to be a text-based report from Project Blue Book regarding an incident that occurred at Vashon Island, Washington on February 12, 1968.

APRO
Tucson, Arizona

Dear sir,

Material making up the report of the incident at Vashon Island, Washington on February 12 is enclosed. My notes are handwritten essentially as originally written, but typed for easier reading. Samples of water from a molted chip of the ice (photographed for this report and a water sample of the pond in question (taken a week after the incident) will be sent under separate cover.

I will attempt now to summarize the incident and its aftermath in a brief form. Further details and discrepancies in stories of the witnesses can be found in the notes and data accompanying this letter.

Three youths, all between 18 and 19 years old, drove into a gravel pit approximately 1 mile east of the town of Vashon on Vashon Island, Washington between 15:00 and 16:00 am, Sunday morning, February 18, 1968.

They travelled on the access road, through heavy rain, to a point where the road ended in a pond. A "U" turn was made at the edge of the pond and the car was stopped facing north on the access road. (The attached sketch illustrates the scene.)

After the car was stopped, all three witnesses observed a glowing object resting on a hill to the right of the car.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting.

The text from the document is as follows:

The object was described as "oval" or "crescent" shaped and as having a glow which was difficult to describe. The nature of the light were "whitty", "reflected light", and "pale, bluish-white light".

Size of the object was estimated by _____ to be 25 to 30 feet across. It was also estimated that the car was approximately 100 feet from the object. No sound was heard.

The length of the sighting was variously estimated by the witnesses to be from one minute to five or ten minutes. After some discussion on how "weird" the object appeared, the men decided to go back to Vashon and bring friends to the site.

______ returned to the area with a friend, ______, parked the car on the main road and both men walked into the pit area on the access road. Upon rounding the curve of the access road and gaining a view of the gravel pit, they observed the object.

The object had moved from its original position to a point, according to their account, which was across the road from its viewing point. Around this point the object seemed to shine a beam of light on the bank at the far end of the pond on which, the first sighting.

______ described the object as being lens shaped, about the size of a compact station wagon and made of shiny metal. As was the case with the other witnesses, he had difficulty describing the quality of the light radiated by the object. He was insistent, however, that the light appeared to be reflected and not generated from within the object.

- page 22 -

The image contains a compass-like diagram and two sketches below it. The compass-like diagram appears to be a guide or example of how to draw or depict the sighting of a UFO or other aerial phenomenon. The two sketches below show different perspectives or views of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified aerial object.

(Extracting text from the document)

HOW IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE CENTER OF THE COMPASS ROSE. PLACE AN 'X' ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE SIGHTING LOCATION WHEN FIRST SEEN. DRAW A LINE FROM THE X ALONG THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO WHICH THE OBJECT WENT.

IN THE SKETCH BELOW, PLACE AN X AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. AND A DOT AT THE LOCATION WHERE IT DISAPPEARED FROM SIGHT. DRAW A LINE TO SHOW THE PATH IT TOOK. VARIATIONS SUCH AS STRAIGHT, CURVED OR ZIG-ZAG. REFER TO SMALLER SKETCH AS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO COMPLETE THE LAND OR SKETCH.

PAGE 2 OF 9 PAGES

- page 23 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

Length of the second sighting of the object was estimated by the witness to be ten seconds. It must have bolted immediately after seeing the object for a second time, and when the witness noticed this, he had gone, he also made for the car. The two men then returned to Yonkers to fetch more people to the scene.

When the next group of people returned to the area, the object was nowhere to be seen. It was discovered at this time, however, that a pond of water, approximately 100 feet in diameter and located within the gravel pit, was covered with ice.

The discovery was reported to deputy sheriff Don Holko at 2:00 a.m. He investigated the report immediately.

The presence and characteristics of the ice were difficult to explain: temperatures in the area were well above freezing and had been thus for several days previous to the sighting. Puddles bordering the frozen pond showed absolutely no signs of ice.

Holko reported that the pond was frozen solid and thickened as much as one foot from the edge of the pond was firm in places. Another unusual feature of the ice was that it was 12 inches in thickness, considering the fact that it was raining very heavily at the time. The pond was checked for radiation and no abnormal levels were discovered.

Other details uncovered during the subsequent investigation of the incident were that the ice on the pond measured as much as three inches thick in spots and that it was formed in layers ranging from two to five inches in quantity. The ice was also riddled with large numbers of air bubbles containing air dirt.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an excerpt from a document. The text is clearly visible and can be extracted using optical character recognition (OCR).

I heard of the incident three days after it took place. My investigation began on Wednesday, February 21 with an interview of Officer Hollis in his office on Vashon Island. The following Saturday, February 24, was spent gathering the remainder of the material found in this report.

Soil and water samples were sent to the King County Sheriff's Crime Laboratory in Seattle. I contacted them this morning to determine if any interesting results had been found in the course of analyzing the samples. He reported that an analysis had not been performed, because of the heavy work load of the laboratory. He said that I could pick up the samples tomorrow if I wanted them. His only request was that I furnish him with a copy of the report made to APRO. These samples should be in the mail to you tomorrow afternoon.

Despite the fact that several discrepancies exist in the stories of the witnesses who saw the object, I believe that they were telling the truth as they saw it. For example, one witness, whose name was necessarily blent out in this report, was noticeably upset while recounting the incident. At one point, during the interview, the same witness displayed a type of uneasiness which he displayed would have been difficult to fake.

Another puzzling aspect of the incident is the formation of the ice. It is extremely unlikely, on the basis of weather reports and the testimony of witnesses, that it was cold enough to freeze the water in the pond to a two-inch thick, solid mass (witnesses reported that large rocks thrown to the center of the pond bounced on the ice.).

The possibility of a prank is unlikely because of the size of the affected area. A prankster would have had to go to a tremendous amount of trouble and expense to pull off such a joke. What kind of a motive would he have?

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

One aspect of the incident which has reportedly come to mind is the difficulty which the witnesses had in describing the characteristics of the light which they observed. The glow must have been something entirely unusual, making it difficult for words to describe.

Another puzzle is the reported statement by the witnesses that the light radiated by the object appeared to be diffused, which is important when you consider the fact that there was a heavy overcast and that no sources of light were known to be in the area which could have caused a reflection.

The triangular area found on the edge of the pond may or may not be significant. One might hypothesize that something was put into the pond at that point. There is, however, no evidence to confirm this notion.

I have speculated enough on the matter, but there is one additional comment which I wish to make: The Irvington incident is the first incident of this type which I have investigated in person and in detail. The apparent credibility of the witnesses, the unusual formation of the light, and the general conclusion surrounding the incident have raised more questions than answers. In short, the experience has brought forth a very strong desire to learn more about this incident and others of similar kind.

Carefully, further analysis of the material in this report by others who have had some more light on the problem. Should you need any additional data, I will try to run it down.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a hand-drawn diagram or sketch depicting some kind of aerial or astronomical observation. The diagram includes various annotations, labels, and markings, but no photographic content.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:
A visible object where the photocell was apparently aimed. Radar returns were detected at the same point as the visual sighting. 
SW 162 TH ST
Optical farm
Passage area
First observance area in the sky at this point.
Forest fires
Forested
Hosed point.
Ground pit area
Possible causes? at this point the police were called.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed with Optical Character Recognition (OCR):

2-29-69

INTERVIEW WITH [REDACTED]

([REDACTED] was interviewed by telephone. He related the following account of the incident:)

[REDACTED] and the two other witnesses to the sighting drove into the pit area and made a "U" turn which would stop the car facing them to the north.

On the right side of the hill, they observed a "light object" or "glow". The object was resting on the hill. It was described again as an oval shaped, glowing light.

Frombach had difficulty describing the nature of the glow. He best described it as a "shiny type of glow."

The object was estimated to be 25 to 50 feet across. It is estimated that the observers were 100 feet away from the object. Time was estimated at between 12:00 and 1:00 a.m.

No radio interference or electrical phenomenon was observed by Frombach. He stated that the car radio was not turned on at the time.

Length of observation was estimated at between five and ten minutes. The youths talked about how "weird" the object was and decided to leave town to get their friends.

[REDACTED] stayed in Vashon after the first sighting. [REDACTED] returned for a second time.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

INTERVIEW WITH
was interviewed separately from and after The interview took place in the town of Vashon
He stated that he was with a group, observing the object. He reports that they parked the car on the main road and walked, via the access road, to the gravel pit area. Both of the witnesses stated the object as they rounded the curve of the road leading into the area.

The object was described to be lens shaped, about the size of a compact station wagon and made of shiny bright metal. He had difficulty defining the quality of the lights, but insisted on describing it as having the quality of reflected light (light not being generated within the object). He further stated that the object was on the ground, a little to the left (east) of the pond. No sound was heard.

Estimated duration of the observation was ten seconds. He reported that he looked away from the object towards his car and found that he had gone. As this point, he ran back to the car to find it was warming and ready to leave.

Both youths drove back to town (Vashon) and brought more people out to the gravel pit area. The object was gone when they returned. The ice covering the pond was discovered shortly thereafter and the sheriff was notified.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically page 30 of the file "1968-02-6890045-Irvington-NewYork.pdf".

FURDIEH -- 2
INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT

I believe he observed more than during the second sighting. I believe [ REDACTED ] was too badly frightened to notice much detail. He admitted fright during the incident, but stated that he would like to see the object again.

I believe he gave a good account of his observation of the object.

- page 30 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be text from a Project Blue Book report or document.

INTERVIEW WITH [redacted]
(The following sequence of events was given by the youths at the gravel pit where the object was sighted.)

The three youths drove into the gravel pit area sometime after 12:00 pm on February 19 (Sunday morning). They drove the car to the edge of the road and made a "U" turn, pointing the front of the car to the north. After making the turn, they noticed an unusual light off to the right of the car (east).
The source of the light was described as crescent shaped, giving off a pale-bluish white light. The object appeared to be on the ground. [redacted] was not specific as to the size of the object, but he did report that it appeared to be illuminated by reflected light. No sound was heard.
Weather at the time was heavy rain.
[redacted] had difficulty describing the details of the object on his first sighting. The youths were frightened and went into the town of Vachon, about 1 mile distant, to bring friends to the area.
Length of the sighting was estimated by [redacted] at about one minute.
They returned to the area with [redacted] and walked into the gravel pit and on the access road.

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a typed text describing an incident.

BEACHNER AND POWERS --2 

The two witnesses observed the object on rounding the corner of the access road, heading into the area of the pit. At this time they would have been approximately 75 yards north of the pond. reported that the object had moved to a point which was across the pond and into the field, stating ho just "took a look and ran."

[Redacted] description of the object was vague. He described it as rectangular in shape, wider than high. He was scared by the incident and said that he was not anxious to see the object again.

INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT 

[Redacted] was more articulate and observant than [Redacted]. I was especially impressed by the difficulty he had in describing the quality of the light.

Both witnesses were uneasy during the interview, which, as mentioned earlier, was at the gravel pit area. Powers could be described as actually "jumpy." He would start at any unusual sound. No later moved the interview to a restaurant in town. Both witnesses were then more at ease.

Both witnesses mentioned that they had heard interference on their car radio at the time of the sighting. They identified the sound as being like a roar such as people talking overridden by the station to which they were listening. They were not sure that the interference was unusual and I consider the information to be inconclusive.

I believe that both of the witnesses saw something and that both reported their observations as best they could.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

INTERVIEW WITH ---- - - SON OF THE OWNER OF THE d'CALL RANCH JUST NORTH OF THE GRAVEL PIT AREA

(Mr. --- was chosen for an interview because the gravel pit area is partially visible from the farm and because a number of horses are kept adjacent to the area of the sighting. It was during this interview that I learned that Mr. --- was a friend of Mr. ---)

Mr. --- reported that damage had been done to the side of his barn during the night or early morning periods in which the sighting occurred.

He stated that only one horse, the most gentle on the ranch, could have done the damage. He also reported that he had not heard any disturbances during the times of the sighting or observed any injuries to the horse on the morning following the incident.

Mr. --- frequently visits the gravel pit to practice shooting. He reported seeing ice on the pond during a visit of February 17. A second visit on February 17 revealed that the ice was breaking up. Estimated thickness of the ice on February 17 was 1.5 inches. He mentioned that the gravel pit was a cold spot on the island, but that it was warm and melting on the 17th and for the next two days, leaving little chance for the ice to last.

INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT

Mr. --- gave the impression of accuracy in his statements. He did not jump to the conclusion that the horse had damaged the barn, because he had not heard a disturbance or observed any injury to the horse. He stated that he thought it was "unlikely" that the horse had done the damage.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book. The document contains a form with various sections to be filled out, such as details about the sighting, the type of vehicle observed, and the duration of the phenomenon. The text in the document has been faithfully reproduced below:

IN DAYTIME
IN AIRCRAFT [X] AS PILOT [X] AS PASSENGER
OTHER 

IF YOU WERE IN A VEHICLE, COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
NORTH
SOUTHEAST
NORTHWEST
EXPLAIN SUCH MOVEMENT IF POSSIBLE

DESCRIBE TYPE OF VEHICLE YOU WERE IN AND TYPE OF ROAD, TERRAIN OR BODY OF WATER YOU TRAVERSED DURING THE SIGHTING. STATE WHETHER THIS WIND WAS WITH OR AGAINST YOUR DIRECTION OF TRAVEL, AND WHETHER IT WAS A CONVERTIBLE, TOP UP OR DOWN. Was 2 way drive to town. Wind to rear. 

DID YOU OBSERVE ANY RESIDUE SUCH AS OIL, GREASE, OR WATER AT THE PLACE YOU FIRST OBSERVED THE PHENOMENON, OR ON ANYTHING THAT MAY HAVE FALLEN FROM IT? 

HOW LONG WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT?
CERTAIN OF TIME
FAIRLY CERTAIN
NOT VERY SURE
JUST A GUESS

AS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY? IF NOT, HOW MANY TIMES DID IT DISAPPEAR AND REAPPEAR, AND DESCRIBE SUCH MOVEMENT OR BEHAVIOR. INDICATE DISAPPEARANCES.

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document containing text.

RE-INTERVIEW OF OFFICER HOLTE AND AN OFFICER TERRELL

Neither officer was aware that soil samples had been taken by officer Allman and both expressed surprise when I told them.

Officer Terrell stated that the sample of ice which he had seen had three layers.

ADDITIONAL COMMENT

and mentioned during their interview that they had seen the ice on the pond support 15 or 20 people at one time. They also noted that one of the individuals had broken through the ice and fallen into the pond shortly thereafter. These observations were probably made on the Sunday afternoon following the sighting.

- page 35 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text describing an interview with Deputy Sheriff Terry Allman regarding a UFO incident.

INTERVIEW WITH DEPUTY SHERIFF TERRY ALLMAN

(At this point, it is not clear to me whether officer Allman was with officer Holko when he first investigated the incident. Allman did, however, report the following observations to me:)

1. He made radiation measurements on and around the pond. Results were negative.
2. The phrase used by the youths when they reported the incident to the office was, "Come quick. Its starting to melt." This statement was significant to him and officer Holko as indicating continuing concern on the part of the youths.
3. Allman took samples of the ice and soil and sent them to the King County Sheriff's Crime Laboratory in Seattle. I was referred to a Dr. Fontan for further information.

INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT
Officer investigated a number of UFO incidents on Vashon Island last summer. He reported his findings to NICAP. He appeared to be a capable observer and showed an above average interest in the subject of UFO's.

I am a little disturbed by the fact that officer Holko was unaware of the fact that officer Allman had taken soil and water samples.

- page 36 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows text and appears to be a typed interview transcript.

INTERVIEW WITH DEPUTY SHERIFF DAY HOLKO

A number of excited teen agers came into the sheriff's office at approximately 2 am, Sunday, February 18, 1968. Holko stated that they were all excited and that "they were talking all at once".

Two of the youths, reported and stated that they had seen an object and that it was "colored lights, approximately the size of a car rising from a gravel pit just outside the town of Vashon. (See attached sketch of the area.) The youths also reported that a pond or water in the pit had been frozen.

Deputy Holko, along with a large number of island residents (Holke estimates 50), went to the gravel pit to investigate the report.

The following observations were made by officer Holke:

1. A large pond, approximately 100 feet in diameter, was found frozen in the gravel pit area. Just approximately one foot from the edge of the pond was also firm in spots. Neighboring puddles, however, showed no signs of freezing or ice.

2. Officer Holko broke through the ice and determined that it was approximately two inches thick. Holke estimated the depth of the pond at two feet during his second visit to the spot on Sunday afternoon.

3. The two inch layer of ice was composed of five sub-layers, or laminations, which were filled with masses of small air bubbles.

4. The surface of the ice-covered pond was, in Holke's words, "clearer than it should have been." (It was brightly lit at the time he investigated the incident.) An unusual triangular shaped area, with a base length of approximately 5 feet, where it appeared the surface was also observed. (See sketch for location.)

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting report.

HOLKE --2

The following responses to my questions were obtained:
1. Temperature was well above freezing (estimate 40'F).
2. Pictures of the ice were taken by reporters from the local newspaper, the Boechronicler Press.
3. An unusual odor was observed in the sighting.
4. The likelihood of a prank being played was rejected by Holke because of the large area affected.
5. It is reported that no samples of pond water had been taken.
6. No power lines are in the vicinity of the sighting.
7. No unusual impressions or physical evidence, other than the frozen pond, were found in the area.
8. A Nike missile launch site is the only military installation on the island.
9. A number of commercial radio transmitters are on the island.
10. 15:12 and another officer, Capt. Mailman, returned to the gravel pit area at 1 p.m. Sunday afternoon (11 hours after the sighting). The ice was approximately 1/2 thawed at this time.
11. A child's visit was made to the area at 1 p.m. on Monday, February 19. The ice was gone at that time. A large number of people had been to the gravel pit since the sighting and had heavily tracked the area. Several of the visitors had taken samples of the ice here to put in their freezers.

INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT

Holke was cooperative and appeared to be genuinely puzzled by the incident. His responses to my questions were carefully considered and, for the most part, concise. I would rate him as a good observer.

- page 38 -

The image appears to be a sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. It shows various shapes and curves, as well as some handwritten text. The text at the top mentions "Reproduction of a sketch by Don Holthe" and the handwritten text at the bottom includes "General plot" and some other notes.

Text from the document:

Reproduction of a sketch by Don Holthe - view

Invisible moon (saw 1628 th)

Triangular lights
reentering moon and then disappeared

To object appeared at a certain point
and approached me at a slow rate

General plot
8/5/54

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that describes water samples taken from a pond.

DATA ON WATER SAMPLES

Sample #1 is the water and residue from a chip of the pond ice found at the same location of the sighting. This sample was taken by a resident adjacent to the gravel pit area. See photographs accompanying this report for further data on the ice sample.

Sample #2 was taken from the pond on the afternoon of February 24. Note that road crews had bulldozed the gravel pit area in the week intervening between the sighting and collection of this sample.

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document describing a "U.F.O. Incident" that occurred on Vashon Island. The text describes a shiny object that was observed by Deputy Sheriff Don Hollis and Donne Powers, and it mentions that a number of reports of unidentified flying objects in the Vashon area were investigated.

After 'U.F.O.' Incident

For two inches which was found in a Vashon Island gravel
pit where a photo was taken, and described, on p. 2-28-68. This
shiny object about 2 a. m. yesterday, Deputy Sheriff Don
Hollis reported.

It, said he and Donne Powers, 18, saw the
object as they stood a half block away. "It was shiny and
seemed high-bolished," Hollis said.

Hollis, who, with about
20 others, went to the gravel pit about two miles north of
Vashon, Hollis said that's where the rain and show no water
on the ground, and it was found in the pit.
Other puddles in the area were not frozen, Hollis
said.

Hollis had summer investigated a number of reports of
unidentified flying objects in the Vashon area. The objects
were blamed for frightening livestock.

Seattle, Wash.
Feb. 19, 1968 - Right Scott Toland

- page 41 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a photograph of what seems to be a slab of ice taken from a pond where strange lights were observed. The text below the image describes the incident, including that the lights were "unidentified bright lights" that caused confusion among the residents of the ice pond. The text also mentions that the lights were observed for several hours over the weekend, and that the incident was "strangely unusual" according to the witness.

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

A Slab of Ice taken from the pond where strange lights were seen last weekend is held by C. Smith. This photo was taken after they had melted away after approximately an hour's observation. The pond is in the background, noted since ice on the pond after the lights were seen.

Unidentified Bright Lights, Ice Pond Confuse Residents

by Nancy Nelson

"You've seen the strangest thing I've ever seen in my life," commented the U.S. Weatherman Monday as he met me on the street. This was in reference to the unidentified bright light and an undetermined kind of display which occurred over the weekend.

The U.S. Weatherman said it was "strangely unusual" that bright lights were seen over the pond last Sunday after 2 two-hours of durnation. The lights were so bright they practically eliminated the darkness of the evening.

Mrs. C. Smith, who lives at the pond, said it began about 7:15 when she and her family noticed some bright lights out over the pond. "We called the others to come and see," she said. "At first we thought maybe someone was out there with a flashlight, but the lights were so bright they lit up the whole area."

Mrs. Smith said the lights would go out, then come back again, sometimes hovering just above the surface of the ice, other times shooting up into the sky. The display continued for several hours.

One neighbor said she "could not believe her eyes" when she saw the lights. "I've never seen anything like that before in my life," she commented.

Another resident of the area joined Mrs. Smith in her yard to watch the unusual phenomenon. "I've lived here for years and I've never seen anything like that," he said. "It was really strange."

Bill McGinnis, who owns property adjoining the pond, also watched the display. "It was a strange thing. I've never seen anything like it before," he stated.

The lights, described as unidentified and bright, remained in the area for a couple of hours. Reportedly they were seen by several persons in the immediate vicinity of the ice pond.

"After they disappeared, there was a slab of ice about 12 inches thick in spots, Boone said. The residents hurried over and the ground around the pond seemed firmer and more solid after the lights had gone."

Weatherman Don Burke, who was called to investigate, said on the spot he could not explain the phenomenon. He confirmed that there was no water on the ice, but he could not account for the strange lights.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report with information about weather conditions at the Seattle-Tacoma Airport during the period from February 13 through February 19, 1968.

Output from OCR:

I spoke with the Seattle ESSA Weather Bureau office and obtained the following data on lowest temperatures at Seattle-Tacoma Airport for the period from February 13 through February 19:

Date       Lowest Temp. (°F)
2-13-68    33°
2-14-68    35° 
2-15-68    33°
2-16-68    34°
2-17-68    44°      rain
2-18-68    50°      rain
2-19-68    50°      rain

A further call to the weather bureau climatology office yielded the attached information on weather conditions on Vashon Island and how they differ from Seattle-Tacoma Airport weather. Results are summarized below:

Seattle-Tacoma Airport Maximum Average Temp.     59.2°F
Vashon Island Maximum Average Temp.            59.4°F

Seattle-Tacoma Airport Minimum Average Temp.    42.3°F 
Vashon Island Minimum Average Temp.            42.5°F

- page 43 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a climatological summary report from the U.S. Department of Commerce Weather Bureau for the region of Vashon Island, Washington during the years 1931-1954.

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, WEATHER BUREAU IN COOPERATION WITH THE WASHINGTON STATE DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE AND ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
CLIMATOLOGICAL SUMMARY
VASHON ISLAND, WASHINGTON
MEANS AND EXTREMES FOR PERIOD 1931-1954
[The remainder of the text is the climatological data presented in the table and summary paragraphs.]

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

THE UFO WAS ABOUT 200 FEET IN DIAMETER AND APPEARED TO BE METALLIC AND SILVERY IN COLOR. IT MOVED VERY SLOWLY AND SILENTLY MAKING A SLIGHT HUMMING SOUND. WHEN IT WENT BEHIND SOME TREES IT SEEMED TO GLOW LIKE A LIGHT. IT WOULD SOMETIMES STOP AND HOVER FOR A FEW MINUTES AND THEN MOVE SLOWLY ACROSS THE SKY. IT WAS SIGHTED FOR ABOUT 25 MINUTES. ABOUT 30 PEOPLE WITNESSED THE OBJECT.

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with rows of text data, likely from Project Blue Book.

IRVINGTON, NEW YORK 
FEBRUARY 6, 1968
PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14

IRVINGTON, NEW YORK
FEBRUARY 6, 1968

WITNESS: MRS. JACK SEIFERT, 28 HILLSIDE AVE., IRVINGTON, N.Y.

TIME OF OBSERVATION: 7:10 P.M. E.S.T.

APPROXIMATE DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 10 to 15 MINUTES.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S): 
The object was round, bright, and pulsating. It seemed to be about the size of a nickel held at arm's length. It pulsed and changed colors rapidly from red to green to white.

MANNER OF OBSERVATION: 
The object was first noticed through the living room window. Mrs. Seifert then went outside and observed it further.

DIRECTION FROM OBSERVER:
The object was in the southeast sky.

ELEVATION:
The object appeared to be about 45 degrees above the horizon.

DISTANCE FROM OBSERVER: 
Estimated to be about 5 miles distant.

WEATHER CONDITIONS: 
Clear sky, no wind, temperature approximately 30 degrees Fahrenheit.

COMMENTS:
Mrs. Seifert reported that the object displayed a bright, pulsating light and changed colors rapidly. She stated that she could not identify the object, but that it was not an aircraft, satellite, or any type of celestial object that she was familiar with. She said it remained in view for 10 to 15 minutes before it suddenly disappeared.

- page 46 -

The image contains four numbered photographs and associated text descriptions. There is no human face visible in the image.

Text recognized from the document:

DATA COVERING PHOTOGRAPHS

The enclosed color photographs were taken by the writer on the afternoon of February 24. The camera used was a Pentax Spotmatic. 35 mm film, Vivitar 135 and 28 lenses were used for extreme closeups.
The film used was Kodacolor X. Shutter speed was 1/125 second. Lens stops ranged from F8 to F5.6.

The ice sample shown in the photographs belonged to Mr. ____ (name redacted), whose house is south and close to the gravel pit area where the object was sighted. The ice sample had been kept in the Jackson's freezer since being taken from the pond at about 5:00 pm, Sunday, February 18.  

Photo #9 shows the sample viewed from the front surface (the side exposed to the air). The dark spots are pockets or crevices of extremely fine dirt or grit imbedded in the ice.

Photo #10 and #13 show the details of the surface seen in #9 above. (Note: The orange tint is probably due, for the most part, to the wood underneath the ice.)

Photo #8 shows the bottom view (water side) of the ice sample. Bread-like crusts from the surface are visible as yellow flocks in the upper left hand quadrant of the picture. The long lines running over the surface were made by the plastic bag and partial melting of the sample.

Photo #14 shows a detail view of the bottom surface of the sample.

- page 47 -

There is no photograph contained in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which includes detailed text descriptions of various photographs that were taken.

PHOTOGRAPHS --2

Photo #8 is a distant view of the sample's edge shortly after its removal from the freezer. The front surface is to the right and the bottom surface is to the left. The laminar construction is clearly shown. Note also the fine grit imbedded on the water-side layer near the bottom of the picture.

Photo #12 and #15 show the imbedded grit and bubble cross sections with more detail. Note the elongated bubbles; some filled with grit, others filled only with air.

Photo #16 shows the pond looking south from the access road. (The youth who sighted the object for the second time were back a little farther and in the same approximate position when the sighting took place. The object would have been on the bank in the center of the picture if sightings reported it to be.) According to [redacted], however, it would have been to the extreme left of the picture.) The triangular-shaped area described by Deputy Sheriff [redacted] would have been to the left of the picture. Note that the pit had been worked by the highway crew during the week intervening between the sighting and the taking of the photographs. As a consequence, the shape of the pond and surrounding area has been considerably altered.

Photo #17 shows the pond looking towards the east. The first observation of the object was made to the extreme left of the picture.

- page 48 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with a handwritten note stating "UFO Sighting Reported in Logan". The note describes a reported UFO sighting, stating that a "white object was described as larger than a weather balloon, and was reported as hovering, changing directions, and wearing a helmet".

Transcription of the text in the image:

UFO Sighting
Reported in Logan
City police, investigating a report that part of a UFO sighting at the Logan, Utah Airport about 8:30 a.m. yesterday, said there was nothing to substantiate the report. 
The witness reportedly described a white object as larger than a weather balloon, and said it was hovering, changing directions, and wearing a helmet.
Feburary 26, 1968

- page 49 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing handwritten text.

The text found in the document is as follows:

They say that now and again at times I see thingg that to them are quite queer. I just can't understand (some words blacked out) my mind sometimes wanders and goes on an imaginary journey. One night I looked up into the sky and I saw this round thing come gliding gently and silently. I was really frightened and I ran into the house. I keep watching to see if I can see it again. I am so curious to know what it was. Do you think I was imagining things or could it have been a real flying saucer? I know that people think I am kind of crazy when I talk about these things, but I just can't help it. I saw it as plain as day and I will never forget it as long as I live. Now, I don't want you to think I am some kind of a nut, but I would like to know if you have ever heard of any of these things. Can you give me any information on flying saucers or whatever they are called. I would surely appreciate it. My husband thinks I am foolish, but I know what I saw. Please let me know what you think. Thank you.

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a handwritten document containing only text.

Transcription:

Any object suddenly appearing may seem to be a phenomenon of great interest but the observer's report gives only a subjective observation which may be quite at variance with the actual facts. This case illustrates the difficulty of reaching definite conclusions on the basis of such reports alone. Evidently the observer's report is a personal interpretation of an incident too vague to allow any firm conclusion as to its cause or nature. It is important that observers of such phenomena, if genuinely interested in the subject, should make detailed and factual reports which can then be carefully evaluated by competent investigators.

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document.

Text output from the document:

The report they seemed to have wanted to pass on, they made effort to bury, that they considered an unidentified flying object, that is, what was seen that night, and when the aircraft arrived the boats got into difficulty, etc. 

My main effort was to get this report and find out more about it. I have made many attempts to trace it, but have not been able to find it. 

The night it was observed, it was a dark night, and it was about 9:45 P.M. They said it looked like a luminous object, very bright, coming down out of the sky, and when it approached the boats, the boats got into difficulty. 

They said it had a steady light, not blinking, and that it seemed to hover over the boats for a while, and then shot up into the sky at a terrific speed and disappeared. 

As I say, I have made many attempts to trace this report, but have not been able to find it. The reason I was anxious to find it was that I felt it might shed some light on the Irvington incident that also occurred about that time.

- page 52 -

The image appears to contain hand-drawn sketches or illustrations rather than a photograph. There are several geometric shapes and forms depicted, including a larger rectangular shape in the center and smaller shapes below it. The shapes are rendered in a simple, hand-drawn style, and some areas are obscured or blacked out.

Since the image does not contain a human face, I will proceed to extract the textual content from the document as requested:

REPORT ABOUT DxD:I/ FLYING OBJECTS
Date: 6 February 196B

Location: Irvington, New York

DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT:
At approximately 2115 hours, the observer sighted 5 unidentified flying objects in the sky over Irvington, New York. The objects were observed for about 30 minutes and then disappeared from view. The objects appeared to be about 100 feet in diameter and were brightly illuminated, giving off a bluish-white light. The objects moved with great speed and made sudden, erratic changes of direction. No sound was heard from the objects.

CONCLUSION:
The objects observed do not fit the description of any known aircraft. The observer is convinced that what he saw were genuine unidentified flying objects.

- page 53 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing several sketches or drawings. There is no photograph present in this image.

Based on the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) of the text in the document, the output is as follows:

Irvington, NY
March 17, 196g
Ferndale 27
Hammarskjold Rd.
Irvington, N.Y.
Sirs,
Enclosed are some sketches of what I saw in the sky on the night of March 16, 1968.
I hope this is of some help in your investigation.
Yours truly,
[redacted]

- page 54 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to transcribe the text from the document:

NASA NEWS
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
WALLOPS STATION, WALLOPS ISLAND, VIRGINIA 23337
TELEPHONE: VALLEY 4-3411 - EXT. 584 and 579

FOR RELEASE: Thursday, February 22, 1968

Release No. 68-3

WALLOPS LAUNCHES SIX
EXPERIMENTS OVERNIGHT

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration conducted six chemical cloud experiments between sunset last night and dawn today from its Wallops Island, Va., Station.

Liftoff times were 6:17 p.m., 12:09 a.m., 1:30 a.m., 3:00 a.m., 4:30 a.m., and 6:02 a.m. EST. There were seven launches scheduled in this series. The second launch planned for 10:30 p.m. was cancelled because of payload problems.

Three different chemicals--triethylborane (TEB), trimethylaluminum (TMA), and sodium--were used in this series, to continue the study of short term and seasonal variations in wind structure in the upper atmosphere. Similar tests were conducted at Wallops in January and July 1966, and August 1967.

The dawn firing was a sodium vapor experiment which generated a reddish-orange cloud visible for hundreds of miles.

- page 55 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in the provided image. The image shows what looks like a page from a document or report, containing handwritten text.

STANDARD TIMES: MARCH 2 1968
REPORTED BY: LEONARD WINKLER, REPORTER AND SUN-AWAY
LOCATION: IRVINGTON, NEW YORK
DATE OF SIGHTING: MARCH 2, 1968
TIME: 6:00PM
DURATION: 3-4 MINUTES
GIVE OFF SHAPE: ELIPSE
CHANGE IN SPEED: RAPID
CHANGE IN DIRECTION: FAST
ALTITUDE: L. 00 APPARENT. SPAN LIKE A TOP
MAKE A REPORT?
NOTIFIED OR CONTACTED: 
IT LEAVES ON TO BE OF THE GO OF THIS RE IS LOCATED REPORTS SAYS THE REALITY. THE SICA IT EXCITED
IT PICKED UP IN PICKED SIMPLY SOME; THERE IS A DEFINITE PICK UP SOME THAT IT MIGHT EXACTLY LOOK LIKE A THING, OR IT MAY HAVE FAST AND HIGH INTO THE AIR, DISAPPEAR COULD BE CERTAIN THAT AND THE
THE PHENOMENON MOVES BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF SOMETHING, LIKE A CLOUD, TREE, OR BUILDING AT ANY TIME.

- page 56 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document describing a project involving the launch of payloads on Nike-Apache research rockets. The payloads included vapor trails that formed pale green and blue clouds, which were less visible than the sodium. The rockets were equipped with instrumentation to observe airglow in sunlight and measure electron energy distribution. The launches were conducted in cooperation with the GCA Corporation in Bedford, Massachusetts, under contract to NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. The Wallops Station Project Engineer, William T. Burns, was responsible for coordinating pre-launch, launch, and tracking operations.

along the East Coast. The other five payloads consisted of TEB (first one) and TMA (the next four) vapor trails which formed pale green and blue clouds, less visible than the sodium.

The payloads were flown on Nike-Apache research rockets and the vapor trails were ejected at altitude ranges of about 50 to 90 miles. Data on wind conditions were obtained by photographing the motion of the trails from five camera sites within a 100-mile radius of Wallops Island.

The first rocket was equipped with a photometer for observing airglow in sunlight above the dark earth to get a vertical profile (or chart) of atomic oxygen. The five other payloads carried Langmuir probes for measuring electron energy distribution.

The launchings were conducted in cooperation with the GCA Corporation, Bedford, Mass., under contract to NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Md. William T. Burns was the Wallops Station Project Engineer, responsible for coordinating pre-launch, launch, and tracking operations.

- page 57 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, which contains text describing a Razoox Automatic Solar Optical Telescope system.

The text in the document reads as follows:

RAZOOX AUTOMATIC SOLAR OPTICAL TELESCOPE 

The solar patrol telescope employed is a versatile automatic tracking system for monochromatic studies of flares and related phenomena. The telescope is precision engineered and designed for precise guiding and photometry and measurements in addition to solar patrol work. This system is controlled automatically by servo mechanisms from a remote control console. Scanning or daily automated systemic records and prominence photography are obtained.

FEATURES: 120- to 220-mm, optical aperture to 0.5 second of arc simultaneous observation. Continous data recording cameras and synoptic film follower with 0.2-second frame interval. Heli-heliostat filter and controls for 1:1 size H-alpha and K-line double bandpass filters. Accessory equipment: 16mm camera, aerial lens, image intensifies, recorder, and white-light telescope, halographic projection system.

- page 58 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, written by Dr. Charles F. Olivier, American Center for UFO Studies, in Nanticoke, Pennsylvania.

The text in the document is as follows:

UFO Observation 25 February 1963

Dr. Charles F. Olivier
American Center for UFO Studies
Nanticoke, Pennsylvania 18072

Reference your letter of 13 March 1963 in which you forwarded your observations of an UFO sighting. Attached is a summary of our action on the 25 February 1963 green meteor sighting. If you have any further information, your supplement to this report will be appreciated.

VICTOR GUILLAUME, JR., Lt Colonel, USAF
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 59 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, specifically a letter from the University of Pennsylvania to Major Quintanilla of the USAF Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA 
PHILADELPHIA 19104

1968 March 20

Major Hector Quintanilla,
USAF, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Two letters from you March 28 and November 2, 1967 refer to an earlier communication from you APS which was in turn a report from Piqua ville, Ohio on that date of April 1967 - SUBJECT: REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO) OBSERVED OVER IRVINGTON, NEW YORK ON SEPT. 9, 1967.

First: object or 1967 Sept. 27 - Report from Piqua ville, Ohio on an object observed over Irvington, New York on that date of Sept. 27, 1967. They report that the object was in sight for about 10 to 15 minutes, that it was metallic and had a bright orange glow, that it moved at high speed and zig-zagged, and that it finally disappeared by streaking off to the east at an extremely high speed. They state that the object was the size of a car and the color was definitely not a reflection from the sun. Several competent observers reported seeing this object.

Second: Report by J.A. Marshall for 1968 Feb. 26 on:
His report states a bright orange light was sighted over Irvington, New York, 4/28/68, about 9:30 P.M. EST, by several citizens. This case is exactly as such: I have no other information. There was no investigation by any agency as such, and no conclusion could be drawn. Should you require any further details I would be happy to consult the records.

Sincerely yours,

Charles T. Olivieri
C.P. OLIVIERI
ASSOC. RESEARCH ASSOC.
821 N. WASHINGTON AVE.
MARBERTH, PA
19072

- page 60 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text discussing a UFO sighting report.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

13.30 Hours 20 Mar 68: Called Major Nichols at Chanute AFB. He said Chicago Control called in the report to Chanute. He said this must have happened about 3 miles west of Joliet.

20 Mar 68: Called Mr. *********** at Chicago, actually Aurora, Illinois. (Autovon 581-1013).
RITA FULLER, 26, Carpinteria Dubbs, whose home base is Los Alamos, N. Mex., stated that at about 2:20 AM CST she observed an object at 268 radians from Joliet's VOR. The VOR is about 8 miles southwest of Joliet. State Police airplane 551 flew out over the area about an hour later and stated that it was still maneuvering. Chicago's Observatory, (Dearborn), said that they were going to conduct an investigation. Mr. *********** thought it made down near Dixo n, Illinois.

- page 61 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

UFO (UO) Val Quintanilla/70916/mms/16 Mar 63
Observation of February 25, 1963

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
The attached letter from Mr. Jam Mr. Observation of February 25, 1963 at Elk Grove Village, Illinois, is forwarded to your office due to your interest in meteor observations.

FACTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1. Atch
Ltr, ___, Feb 26, 1963

- page 62 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document regarding an observation made on February 25, 1963.

REPT (USO) MAJ QUINTANILLA/70315/nas/16 MAR 60 
Observation of February 25, 1963

DR. CHARLES P. OLIVIER
AMERICAN METEOR SOCIETY
521 NORTH WYNNEWOOD AVENUE 
NARBERTH, PENNSYLVANIA 19072

THE ATTACHED LETTER FROM MR. [redacted], REGARDING HIS OBSERVATION OF FEBRUARY 25, 1963 AT ELK GROVE VILLAGE, ILLINOIS, IS FORWARDED TO YOUR OFFICE DUE TO YOUR INTEREST IN METEOR OBSERVATIONS.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., MAJOR, USAF
CHIEF, AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DIVISION

- page 63 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned document containing only text.

February 26, 1963

Major Hector Jr. Quintanilla
Chief, Project BLUE BOOK
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

I would like to report to you an observation of astronomical and of possible military interest. This occurred on February 25, 1963, when it was possible to observe an UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT under the circumstances described here:

Before going into my observation I would also like to say that I had originally contacted the Adler Planetarium in Chicago, whose star Projector Planetarium is not in operation at the present time, and spoke to Mr. Philip Evans, whom I found very interested in this case. He in turn referred me to the Illinois branch of the Key Biscayne Astronomical Association.

Here, I spoke to an astronomer by the name of Lee Simons, who took all of my information and said he would advise a Dr. Hendrik, the Director of the observatory of the Chicago area, of this observation. So before contacting you directly I did check with the proper authorities on this observation.

The object which I observed was in the sky over Evanston, Illinois. Here, I spoke to an astronomer by the name of Lee Simons, who took all of my information and said he would advise a Dr. Hendrik, the Director of the observatory of the Chicago area, of this observation. So before contacting you directly I did check with the proper authorities on this observation.

The object which I observed was in the sky over Evanston, Illinois. Here, I saw what appeared to be a light, stationary in the sky, which remained there for approximately 10 to 15 minutes. I was quite concerned about this observation and wondered if this could have been some type of unidentified object or aircraft. I would appreciate your comments on this observation and any information you might have.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]

- page 64 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

This report is as follows: I left St. Alexis Hospital in Elk Grove Village, Ill. at approximately 20:02 on Feb. 23, 1959, and was driving to my home. As I looked into the clear blue sky ahead of me, I suddenly beheld a bright light appear to travel at a high rate of speed across the sky. As I watched, the light seemed to disappear, reappear, and then disappear again. I was taken aback by what I was seeing and after the light disappeared, I continued on my way home. When I arrived home, I looked at my watch and noted that the entire incident had lasted approximately 30 to 45 seconds. There was no sound and the light seemed to disappear rather than just vanish. It was hard to estimate the exact distance and altitude of the light, but I would say it was probably 10 to 20 miles or more brighter than Venus is when it is at its brightest. The light appeared to be round or oval in shape. The first of which occurred about half way down the meteor's path and the last of which occurred near the end of the path. The flashes were of about the intensity of clear flash bulbs going off rapidly, giving a pulsing effect about a block away. One last observation that I made was that the light gave off no trail as some meteors do. This is all that I can corroborate so quickly in duration, and was accompanied by no discernible con trails at the time either. Following my observation, I contacted United Air Lines, who contacted Chicago A.A.F. C. With corroborating observations, the latter announced that an unidentified object had crossed its path and had immediately gone out of radio contact just south of the Polo intersection on airway charts, and that the object appeared to be "maneuvering".

This is the extent of my research into this interesting phenomenon, and I would be very happy to repeat to you for clearly anything further in the above that you may find of interest.

Yours very truly,
[Signature]

- page 65 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a memo for the record regarding a UFO sighting on 25 February 1963 near Dixon, Illinois.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting of 25 February 1963, near Dixon, Illinois
21 March 68. Called [redacted], Area Code [redacted], Phone [redacted]. He said that he investigated the sighting pretty well. The TWA pilot did not actually see the fireball hit. Neither did the police plane see where it hit. The police plane was flying IFR south of Polo and saw two columns of smoke rising from a field. However, intersection of sightings gives by the airline pilot (as interviewed by Smithsonian) and Mr. [redacted] shows that the object couldn't have impacted in that area but probable impacted much further north. Since the Smithsonian and Dearborn have investigated, no further action need by taken by this office.

- page 66 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an object, along with some text describing the details of the sighting. There is no photograph present in this image.

OCROPUS OUTPUT:
THE RELATION OF THE 2 SLITS IS BELIEVED TO BE ABOUT ONE HALF THE DIAMETER OF THE VISIBLE OBJECT. THE DIAMETER OF THE OBJECT WAS ESTIMATED TO BE ABOUT 30 FEET.

10. WHAT WAS THE ANGULAR SIZE, HOLD A MATCH AT ARMS LENGTH IN FRONT OF A LIGHT OBJECT, SUCH AS A STREET LIGHT. ESTIMATE WHAT FRACTION OF THE DIAMETER OF THE MATCH IS EQUAL TO THE APPARENT DIAMETER OF THE OBJECT. THIS WILL GIVE A ROUGH IDEA OF THE ANGULAR SIZE. RECORD YOUR ESTIMATE. 

ABOUT A MATCH AND ONE HALF IN DIAMETER

CLEAR AND DISTINCT OBJECT SILHOETTED AGAINST THE BRIGHTSKY

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a typed memo or report about an observation of a meteor on 25 February 1963 near Joliet, Illinois. The report indicates that the observers initially thought it was a meteor observation, but additional information proved they were wrong and they decided to forward the report to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
26 Feb 63
Subj: Observation of Meteor, 25 Feb 63

On 26 Feb 63, Chanute AFB, Illinois called to inform us of a meteor observation by a TWX Pilot, near Joliet, Illinois on 25 February 1963, also house, local time. They were quite sure it was a meteor observation, however, if additional information proved them wrong they would forward this report to Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

- page 68 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular image, just a form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" with various fields to be filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This form is intended to gather information on possible sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena. The information provided will be used for research purposes, and the witness's name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 25 SEP 57
2. Time of day: 6:52 A.M. or PM
3. Time zone: Eastern 
4. Daylight saving: Standard
5. What did you see the object? Oval - with halo
6. How long did you see the object? (Total Duration): H: 5 M: 20 S: 00 
7. Condition of the sky: NIGHT - Bright
8. Where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? Not remembered

- page 69 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a portion of a "FORCE UFO FORM" document, which appears to be a questionnaire or reporting form for UFO sightings.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

9. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
a. STARS(Circle One): a. Many, b. Few, c. None
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a. Sky(Circle One): a. Clear, b. Partly cloudy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Hazy
f. Fog, mist, or light rain
g. Moderate or heavy rain
h. Don't remember

10. The object appeared:(Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the surrounding stars?(Circle One): a. Brighter, b. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects: _________

12. The edges of the object were:(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Other: _________

13. Did the object:(Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time?: Yes, No, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush out of sight at any time?: Yes, No, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?: Yes, No, Don't know
d. Give off smoke or fire?: Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change brightness?: Yes, No, Don't know
f. Flash or flicker on and off?: Yes, No, Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?: Yes, No, Don't know

- page 70 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO report document.

Official U.S. Air Force UF
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it, hew? 
Out of sight over water tower

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):      Yes        No       Don't know.        If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):      Yes         No        Don't know.      If you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: circular
b. Color: bright white, steady

18. Was a known object at the time of the sighting? Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the 
object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?
75%

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or its path. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(drawing of a circular object)

- page 71 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Air Force UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes - 200 
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Yes - 2 MILES
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One):
b. In the residential section of a city?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
b. Northeast
24.2 How fast were you moving? - 35 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars
Yes
b. Sun glasses
Yes 
c. Windshield
Yes
f. Telescope
No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what the object looked like, where it was in relation to other objects, how it moved, its size, shape, color, brightness, sound, and any other details which will help to identify and describe the object which you observed.
A CAKE HAS BEEN SEEN

- page 72 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions for observing and documenting UFO sightings, as part of a Project Blue Book report. The diagram includes a sketch depicting the motion and direction of an observed object, with a compass rose and other visual aids for recording the details of the sighting.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

"Official U.S. Air Force

27. To the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point where 'A' has been placed, on "A" as the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass shown to indicate the direction in which you first saw the object. Place a "D" on the compass to indicate the direction in which you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling."

- page 73 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a UFO form that was continued on this page.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw this object? (Circle One)  Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
CECL DAVIS, LES THAMES, MARIE WEST
32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 26 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
FEAR FACTORS - 8-28-68

- page 74 -

The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO report document. There is no photograph visible in this image. 

The text in the document reads:

"Official U.S. Air Force UFO

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2-20-68

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire are or narrative explanation of your sighting:

Startday night, clear, temp about 35 to 40°
From 6:30 PM. No noise, not many stars
Object appeared to be about the size of a dime
Took about 15 min. to go cross sky,
Changed direction often but mostly on a NE. course Seems to BE About 5 to 7 miles high dacked lights a bright star visible for 15 min. About 6:45 I saw 2 other objects going in the direction of the object I think, I said to shape and directly overhead."

- page 75 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a standardized form for reporting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to help you give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial object observed. The information that you can provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication. We request this personal information to avoid duplication of reports. It is understood, of course, that you wish to remain anonymous, and you may omit your name if you prefer.

1. When did you see the object? 2-24-68
2. Time Zone: 
Central
3. Where was the object sighted? San Francisco, California
4. How long was the object in sight? 15 minutes

The remaining text includes the observer's responses to the standardized questions about the observed UFO, such as its appearance, movement, and behavior.

- page 76 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

B. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One): Many, A few, None
b. MOON (Circle One): None, Full, Crescent, Bright moonlight
c. Bright moonlight

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
a. CLOUDS (Circle One): Overcast, Scattered, Clear
b. WEATHER (Circle One): Dry, Fog, Mist, or light rain, Moderate or heavy rain, Snow, Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
Fairly bright like a star, but a little larger and brighter.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One for each question)
a. Fuzzy/ Blurred, b. Sharply defined, c. Don't remember
d. Lights around the edge, e. Other _______

13. DID THE OBJECT:
a. Appear to stand still, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time, Yes, c. Drift slowly away, Yes, d. Give off sparks, No, e. Change brightness, No, f. Change shape, No, g. Flare or flicker, Yes, h. Disappear and reappear, Yes

- page 77 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

LIGHTS WERE FAIRLY LARGE. 
SLIGHTLY TILTED YELLOW, ALMOST WHITE. 
LIGHTS SCENE THROUGH TREES AND OBSCURRED BY SOME CLOUDS, JUST VERY BRIGHT, 
WERE STEADY THEN DID BLINK OUT FOR A SHORT TIME, THEN CAME BACK ON. 
MOVED FROM THE EAST TO THE WEST AND SEEMED TO BE AT A CONSIDERABLE ALTITUDE. 
THEY WERE FAIRLY LOW AND SMALL THOUGH.

- page 78 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a form with questions and text filled out by hand.

Extracted text:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Be exact observation time.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: silent
b. Color: Fuzzy white, appeared gray green around the edges

18. We wish to know the angular size (about a match stick at arm's length) in line with a known object and know how much of the object is covered by the head of a match. If you had perceived this, approximation at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
2 deg. 16 min. to 3 deg. (about 1/2 match head)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects, their color, size and the manner in which they moved. Also show the direction of any significant changes of direction during the observance. Please do not merely refer to the drawing in answering the other questions.
[Handwritten sketch and notes]

- page 79 -

There is no photograph included in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRANSCRIBED TEXT:

20. Do you think you can estimate the size of the object?
Circle One:
Yes
No
If you answered YES, what would you estimate it to be?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Circle One: 
Yes
No (Circle answer)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
Circle One:
a. In a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (plane)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country side?
d. Near a city?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other 

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving?
a. North
b. East
c. South
d. West
e. Northeast
f. Southeast
g. Southwest
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?
24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object?
Circle One: 
Yes
No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
Yes
No
b. Sun glasses
Yes
No
c. Windshield
Yes
No
d. Window glass
Yes
No
e. Binoculars
Yes
No
f. Telescope
Yes
No
g. Theodolite
Yes
No
h. Other

26. In order that we may obtain as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, would you please describe, as clearly as you can, everything you noticed about the object, such as its size, shape, color, unusual features, its behavior, speed, direction, time of appearance, duration of sighting, etc. If you can provide a sketch, that would be extremely helpful.

[The rest of the page contains a hand-written description that is difficult to read in the provided image.]

- page 80 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The diagram appears to be a visual aid for instructions related to tracking the motion and location of an unidentified flying object.

Here is the text contained in the document, produced as an OCR output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 81 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form.

Here is the text I was able to extract from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object, before. If so, when and where?
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? Circle One: Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? Circle One: Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME:
ADDRESS:
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
AGE: 53 SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
For years I have had an intense experience with unknown flying objects. I see them quite often; they appear to come every 3-4 years in increasing numbers. At times I am afraid they may be watching me, but usually I enjoy their presence as I feel they are benign. They always travel silently and swiftly, sometimes singly, sometimes in groups of 3-5. They never remain in view for more than a minute or two. I have never been physically ill, and they have never done anything to harm me. I am a deep thinker and love to discuss these matters with others who are interested.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
TO Authorities

- page 82 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from a questionnaire or report, with handwritten text filling the space provided for a response.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

A thought I have concerning the object were real & unusual. They have so broad at was difficult to tell whether outline was a trophy or a a puppy.

- page 83 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25. D. C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ETUT/c. O'Shaughnessy/194-6366

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object of 25 Feb 68

TO: FTD (SDETE)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB 
OHIO 45433

1. In accordance with AFR 70-2, para 7a, attached are 1 and 2 for your information.
2. Mr. [REDACTED], Cape Canaveral, Florida, reported the sighting to the AFSC Eastern Test Range Post Commander. The range had launched several
Thor and Atlas boosters from launch silos to this office on the afternoon of 27 Feb 68. She had already telephoned to the newspapers, including
the local TODAY. Investigation revealed that the launch sight was 5 or 6 blocks northwest of Mr. Woodhill's home. Winds at that time are listed below:

Altitude (ft)  Direction  Speed (knots)
2000 340°        15
5000 340°        15 
10000 330°        10
15000 320°        15

3. The procedural information appearing in attachment 1 was given to the local information Service office during an informal phone conversation. Publication was not expressed by this office.

FOR THE COMMANDER

1. TODAY article,27 Feb 68
2. TODAY article,29 Feb 68

- page 84 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a newspaper article with text describing a reported UFO sighting in Brevard, Florida.

UFO SIGHTED IN BREVARD

Saucer or Star, Air Force Tracks It

By SANDERS LAMONT
TODAY Aerospace Writer

What glows, moves silently
through the atmosphere and
keeps the Air Force busy?

For lack of a better name, the military calls them Unidentified
Flying Objects, better known as
UFOs.

Howard Woodall, 420 Monroe
St., in Cape Canaveral, doesn't
believe in flying saucers but he
saw something he didn't understand Sunday.

Monday, the Air Force was
trying to figure out what it was.

Woodall, like hundreds of
other Brevardians on other occassions, saw a UFO while standing 
in his front yard at 8 p.m.
Sunday.

"I know it wasn't an airplane.
It looked more like a rocket," he
said Monday.

Unlike most Brevardians,
Woodall called the right people -
the Air Force.

Howard the Patrick AFB
operator who got him in touch
with the Eastern Test Range
Command Post.

For about four minutes
Woodall, his 11-year-old son and
a neighbor watched a glowing
object in the sky.

"It looked just like a rocket
blasting off at night, except it
stayed real still. It stayed real
still until it got way up," he said.

But the Air Force said there
weren't any rocket launches at
it. Sunday night.

If the UFO is explainable,
finding out what it was.
His report was passed on
Monday to the "foreign
technology" office which
investigates all UFOs. An
Force spokesman said the
will check with radars,
operators, and flight
and try to find out if there is a
reasonable explanation.

If it can be identified, the
Force will let Woodall know.

If not, the Patrick officials
said they will forward a report
Patterson AFB, Ohio, where
was the National Investigatio
Committee on Aerial
Phenomena (NICAP) at 
Pennsylvania Ave., Washington, 
will investigate.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

UFO SIGHTED IN BREVARD

Saucer or Star, Air Force Tracks It

By SANDERS LAMONT
TODAY Aerospace Writer

What glows, moves silently
through the atmosphere and
keeps the Air Force busy?

For lack of a better name, the military calls them Unidentified
Flying Objects, better known as
UFOs. 

Howard Woodall, 420 Monroe
St., in Cape Canaveral, doesn't
believe in flying saucers but he
saw something he didn't understand Sunday.

Monday, the Air Force was
trying to figure out what it was.

Woodall, like hundreds of
other Brevardians on other occassions, saw a UFO while standing
in his front yard at 8 p.m.
Sunday.

"I know it wasn't an airplane.
It looked more like a rocket," he
said Monday.

Unlike most Brevardians,
Woodall called the right people -
the Air Force.

Howard the Patrick AFB
operator who got him in touch
with the Eastern Test Range
Command Post.

For about four minutes
Woodall, his 11-year-old son and
a neighbor watched a glowing
object in the sky.

"It looked just like a rocket
blasting off at night, except it
stayed real still. It stayed real
still until it got way up," he said.

But the Air Force said there
weren't any rocket launches at
it. Sunday night.

If the UFO is explainable,
finding out what it was.
His report was passed on
Monday to the "foreign
technology" office which
investigates all UFOs. An
Force spokesman said the
will check with radars,
operators, and flight
and try to find out if there is a
reasonable explanation.

If it can be identified, the
Force will let Woodall know.

If not, the Patrick officials
said they will forward a report
Patterson AFB, Ohio, where
was the National Investigatio
Committee on Aerial
Phenomena (NICAP) at 
Pennsylvania Ave., Washington, 
will investigate.

- page 85 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report, containing text on the topic of "The Mouse with Stars Again".

The text found in the document is as follows:

BUT IT'S JUST FOR KICKS

The MOUSE WITH STARS Again

By TAMY McNAMARA
TODAY STAFF WRITER

People in the Cape Canaveral area have been seeing strange objects hovering in the sky lately and they're only for "kicks".

At least that's the story two scientists gave who say they saw the objects.

According to the scientists, who didn't want to be identified, the flying objects are about the size of a man and "very bright". They say the objects dart and hover but are only visible for a few seconds at a time.

One scientist described it as "quite a strange phenomenon". He said it looked like a "metallic, disc-shaped object" which was illuminated and then suddenly went out.

The scientist said he and another observer were watching the sky one night recently when they saw the object zip across in front of them.

"It went so fast, it was just a blur," he said.

The scientists say the objects are only seen at night and in the early morning hours.

They have not reported the sightings to the Air Force or any other official agency.

"We didn't think they would take us seriously," the scientist said.

The recurring sightings have sparked rumors of a secret project being conducted at Cape Kennedy. However, according to Capt. Ronald L. Thygerson, public information officer at the Cape, there are no secret projects underway and the objects probably are "natural phenomena" and not man-made.

The "Vanguard" satellite was blamed for some of the recent sightings, Thygerson said. The satellite is only visible in the evening and morning hours and could appear as a strange object in the sky.

- page 86 -

The image contains a redacted photograph in the center, with various details and descriptions of sightings surrounding it. There is no text visible within the redacted area, only a black box.

OBSERVER
1 - 6 MARCH 1958 SIGHTING
[REDACTED] (PHOTO)

EVALUATION 
Other (CONFIDENTIAL )
Other (UNCLASSIFIED)
Other (BALLISTIC DATA)
Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data
Astro (STATE/PLAN)
Insufficient Data
Astro (STATE/PLAN)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE | LOCATION
SOURCE
EVALUATION
Mar 1 - Calla Grove, Geason Twp, Youngstown, Ohio - Newspaper Clipping - LST

@ SEPARATE FOLDER

- page 87 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

"HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS ON A SIMILAR PHENOMENON BEFORE?
[YES/NO]
IS "YES", GIVE DATE AND LOCATION.

WAS ANYONE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? [YES/NO] IF "YES", DID THEY SEE IT TOO?

A. LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES

_____________________________________________________________
GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF:
LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, MIDDLE INITIAL
ADDRESS (STREET, CITY, STATE, ZIP CODE)
TELEPHONE (AREA CODE, NUMBER)
AGE [____] SEX: [MALE/FEMALE]

INDICATE ABOUT YOUR OCCUPATION AND ANY EXPERIENCE WHICH MAY BE PERTINENT:

THERE'S NO NEED TO TELL YOU WHAT REALLY IS THE EXCEPT I'M SURE I OBSERVED SOMETHING THERE. EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE I JUST LIKE TO A LITTLE BIT ABOUT IT, BUT NOW AFTER SEEING THIS UFO I'M REALLY INCLINED TO BELIEVE IN THEM. THERE MAY BE SOMETHING UP THERE. SEE, IF YOU BELIEVE IT. WHEN YOU THINK OF IT IF YOU HAVE ANY REASON TO APPRECIATE IT. I SAW, FOR EXAMPLE, A LETTER EXPLAINING WITH THIS IS STILL FRESH IN MY ADDRESS HERE. THIS DOES READ.

WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SIGHTED THIS PHENOMENON?
NAME: _____________________________ DAY _____ MONTH _____ YEAR _____

25. DATE YOU COMPLETED THIS QUESTIONNAIRE:
DAY _14_ MONTH _2_ YEAR _1968_"

- page 88 -

