There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing only text with no visual imagery.

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 21 Sept 68 2250/0135Z 
2. LOCATION: Boothbay Harbor, Maine
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 Hours
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground/Visual 
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: D-YR
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: D-YR
10. CONCLUSION: Probably Astro (ARCTURUS) At 51.53 SE, azimuth 282 deg, 16 deg elevation. As 22.53 EDT, Arcturus was on or just below the horizon at azimuth of 279.5 deg. The observer sighted a whitish light that was yellow or some other color. The object was seen in the E for 2 hours.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can; the information that you give will be used for research purposes. If your name or any information is to be used in a published report, we will contact you for your permission. We may also contact you for further details, if it is deemed necessary.
1. When did you see the object? 1 SEP 1968
2. Time of day: 7 Hour 30 Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BOOTHBAY HARBOR REGION MAINE State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 1 Minutes 30 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? BY WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes x No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day b. Might LIGHT c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your left e. Behind you f. Don't remember

FTD FORM GCT 64 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, 15 SEP 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, likely containing a questionnaire or survey about a UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight 
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):        WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky                a. Dry
b. Hazy                     b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds          c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds     d. Snow
                            e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compared brightness to some common object:
(Respondent wrote some text about comparing the brightness)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Clearly defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?             Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change course at any time?  Yes   No   Don't know
c. Change brightness?                            Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke?                               Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change brightness?                            Yes   No   Don't know  
f. Flutter or flicker?                           Yes   No   Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?                        Yes   No   Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but instead shows a form with questions about a UFO sighting. Since there is no human face in the image, I will describe and output the text as requested.

The text output is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ____SILENT____
b. Color __WHITISH - YELLOW - ONE THIRD COVERED WITH REDDISH CASING__

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
All but one corner covered

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please be sure to show the direction the object was moving.
[A sketch is included showing a roughly circular object with a tail or vapor trail, with the text "Moved every way" underneath]

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this page. 

The text from the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)  
YES (No)  
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)  
YES (No)  
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?  
a. Inside a building  
b. In a car  
c. Outdoors  
d. In an airplane (type)  
e. At sea  
f. Other  

23. Were you (Circle One)  
a. In the business section of a city?  
b. In the residential section of a city?  
c. In open countryside?  
d. Near an airfield?  
e. Flying over open country?  
f. Being over open country?  
g. Other  

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:  
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)  
a. North  
b. Northeast  
c. East  
d. Southeast  
e. South  
f. Southwest  
g. West  
h. Northwest  

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.  
24.3 Do you think at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)  
Yes (No)  

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?  
a. Binoculars (Yes) (No)  
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)  
c. Windshield Yes (No)  
d. Window glass Yes (No)  
e. Telescope Yes (No)  
f. Theodolite Yes (No)  
g. Other  

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you say, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

The given text appears to be a questionnaire or form used to gather information about a reported UFO sighting. It contains questions about the observer's location, the object's speed and distance, the observer's movement, and the observation conditions.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch shows a compass rose and instructions for indicating the sighting location and direction of motion of an unidentified object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "G" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN one object, then how many were there, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
WESTFIELD, MA.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME _____, FIRST NAME _____, MIDDLE NAME ALBERT JOSEPH
ADDRESS SPRINGFIELD, STATE MASS, ZIP ___
TELEPHONE NUMBER ___
AGE 16 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
___, ___, ___.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what appears to be an old UFO report document, with text fields for collecting information.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: _ Day _ Month _ Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: None

- page 8 -

