The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

PROJECT 1-073 RECORD
1. THE GROUP

2. LOCATION
PETERSON, MINNESOTA

10. CONCLUSION
INVESTIGATION DATA FOR EVALUATION
SF 52 Form 14h forwarded to witness. No returned after 30 days.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Saucer came down and landed. Young boy saw it. There were no traces or other evidence of a landing according to the mother. Additional information needed for evaluation. 

FOR: AFSC 6528-6-329 (TDE)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to a UFO observation report from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/IJFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 9 March 1967

TO: Mr. Peterson, Minnesota 55962

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD FORM 154 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
FTD FORM 154 w/envelope

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a handwritten document containing text only.

The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Sirs:
6120 Louis Boulevard. Sighting of Flying Saucer
At 0:50 AM CST on May 23, 1967 at approximate elevation of 40 degrees above the horizon to the south, observed a round, bright metallic object appearing to hover slowly. It moved slowly for about 30 minutes, then moved very rapidly out of sight in a northerly direction. The object appeared to be about 25 feet in diameter and had a brilliant light in the center which illuminated the entire object. There was no sound associated with the object. My wife also observed the object.
But the most peculiar thing about it, was a red light strobing on the top of the object. Unfortunately, my camera was not working and I could not get a photograph. It emitted a bright steady white light, but there was a red light on the top of the object which strobed or pulsated rapidly. The object was visible for about 15 minutes.
Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

This is the text from the document:

claimed to land down and it was a bright around the time Col contact it from the windows of was home. In same come at the landing, which he not caller away, whom he to think to land a quite Cong and 6 very close together. Those this little queer. seem in front and it this craft quite large, and it did not more, it just stand here is it real sure. But does it not to a material ball or and it dead. did same to a saucer-like turned about the same as he over home Closer saying that he came home again and those the only continues, but those who may to credible, into this in-iet."

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text.

Their looking with colored lens around observing those movement or more that looks like object as floating fire from all around. It suddenly starts, that's what it looked Odd 

This thing took to early, very quickly disappearing to northwest, very high right amount sight to be easily thing 

We watched for tension - motion approx. 2 min. lot as it settle or the hum, then suddenly it was mild that day - This saucer about 6:30 on the 9th of Sept.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a handwritten document or report from Project Blue Book, a former U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribing the text:

I would like to amend my previous report to you of March 6, having given that report shortly after the incident and not being completely assured of all the details at that time.
I am really quite certain that the light I saw passing over were not any normal aircraft lights. The passage over my house was most definite, taking perhaps 4 or 5 seconds at the very most. The light was large, brilliant, and oval or disc-shaped, and seemed to pass at a fairly high altitude, probably 2,000 to 3,000 feet. There was no sound whatsoever, and the passage was swift and entirely silent.
[Redacted name]
Petersburg, Minnesota

- page 6 -

