The image does not contain any photograph or visual content other than the text. As an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

CAME INTASIA7 is 

TYPE OF OBJECT 

JRY OBSERVATION
3 DISCS

DI R ECTIO N OF FLIGHT

035

DATE 1 OCT 53 0830

OBJECT TO BE APPROXIMATELY 1500 FT ALTITUDE

3 BRIGHT METALLIC OBJECTS AT ALTITUDE OF 1500 FT 
PASSED IN FRONT OF SUN.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a disposition form from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

UNCLASSIFIED DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO. 69
SUBJECT: (Unclassified) Material for Project Blue Book
TO: USAF Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
FROM: Director of Special Investigations, Hq USAF - AFOIV
DATE: 24 SEP 1952 COMMENT NO. 1

The text in the form includes instructions for handling the information and retention, as well as signatures and dates. There is no further text or images in the provided document.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED

Serial number is ___. It states that the witness, a woman, was sitting with her husband in their backyard in Yuma, Arizona at 2300 hours on June 19, when they observed an unidentified flying object. The object came out of the north and spiraled around to the same spot. It was about the size of a star and emitted a bright, steady light. The witness stated she had never seen anything like it before.

The OSI (Office of Special Investigations) detachment at McGuire Air Force Base subsequently advised that they had also received a report of sighting an unidentified flying object on the same date.

On 2 July 1952, at 2155 hours, a physician telephoned the police to report that he and his mother and father had observed an object that was flying "zig-zag" over their home in Yuma, Arizona. The object appeared to be about the size of a star, but was moving steadily around 2000 feet above their home. The object was sighted on the eastern horizon, was also moving steadily northward, and changed color from reddish to yellowish-white. Another object was sighted approximately 15 minutes later, moving southward.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document regarding unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED
Described the weather as slightly hazy in that few stars were visible, but no cloud formations. At time of sighting. The witness saw no other meteors, contrails, or flares. He said the time of sighting was 2215 hours.
G-20 de 1952, at approximately 2215 hours, Brooklyn student was interviewed by inspector G. B., Brooklyn, that he had observed five (5) or six (6) minutes, and again sighted at 2220 hours. The objects appeared to be a very large star, color bluish white in color. The object made no sound, and its speed was estimated to be 3 very steady on a circular flight to the western sky, and faded from sight. It reappeared later in the eastern sky, did a series of gyrations, and faded from sight. The objects was sighted from the root of his Williams Avenue, Brooklyn, and no special equipment was used. There were no clouds or any light conditions that would aid or assist in maintaining a steady visibility of the object.
In the witness' statement, he said that two (2) sightings were observed, and that he had heard from the residents that the Brooklyn High School, Brooklyn, had also observed the objects simultaneously at this given time.
On 19 June 1952, at 2235 hours, two U.S. Air Force members at Newark Air Force Base, Newark, New Jersey, received a telephone call from a person who stated that he had just observed what he believed to be a flying saucer. On 20 June 1952, Mr. interviewed and he stated that he had observed a bright light which was brighter than a star. The object made a steady light which was brighter than a star, and was not following a steady track. He did not notice any exhaust or trail behind the object. The object remained visible to him for approximately (20) seconds. There was no sound associated with the object. The light was yellowish in color. Mr. Durning, during World War II, was an aircraft spotter, and through German V-2 observations acquired some knowledge relating to identification of aircraft. This was the first experimental jet to be tested. In addition, just a short time later, a bright light zoomed over the base and disappeared from sight at a high rate of speed. It was definitely not an aircraft according to the witness.
It is believed that the object which he observed was definitely neither a star, planet, nor a satellite, according to the witness' observation, the skies were clear and it was not windy.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED in part as follows:

11. On 19 July 1952, a Mrs. Brooklyn, reports that she saw a foreign flying object in the sky at approximately 2:00 hours. She stated that the object was described as hovering for about 15 minutes, but differential movement somewhat, and then appeared to move further away and disappeear. She reported that she and her mother and neighbors were observing it.

12. On 13 July 1952, the "New York World Telegram and Sun" reported that two people, Mrs. West Brighton and her neighbor, Mrs. Schapiro, saw a glowing object in the sky about 225 yards around 2:30 hours on 13 July 1952, when they observed a WV-formation flight of five mystery objects disappearing toward the southeast.

13. On 24 July 1952, the "New York World Telegram and Sun" reported that at 2:26 AM, New York, reported that she saw a glowing orange object circling over Flushing shortly after midnight. She said it hovered a little and seemed to be illuminated. Later, two (2) jet planes were seen in the same area. 

14. On 23 July 1952, the "New York Journal American" quoted a Public Information Officer, Mitchell Air Force Base, to the effect that more than thirty (30) persons had called to report seeing strange objects in the sky over Nassau County since 13 July 1952. The paper also stated that a considerable number of reports had been received, and that since 13 July 1952, a considerable number of unusual sightings of aerial objects had taken place in the New York-Long Island area.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

9. This office received a letter dated 7 July 1952, from Port Washington, New York, which included the following statement of a sighting which occurred on 5 July 1952:

"On Saturday evening, 5 July 1952, at 1:00 a.m., I was watching a television show, when suddenly I noticed 3 or 4 bright objects coming from over the water toward Stanford, Conn. I called my wife to come and see. These bright objects hovered in the sky for a few minutes, then started circling each other and suddenly shot away in all directions, and there was no more to be seen.

At 1:48 o'clock, the last light of the sun was just dying away. The night was as clear as could be imagined and the moon was just rising. The air was uncomfort ably warm and still. The objects moved about 30 to 40 feet above the surface of the smooth, black water. As far as we could ascertain, there weren't another boat on the Sound, for we could see for great distances in the moonlight.

In appearance, the objects were oblong in shape, about 30 by 10 feet, without lights, and traveled at a speed of 600 to 800 miles per hour. They made no sound whatever, and did not leave any trail in the sky. They moved in a horizontal direction without any up-and-down motion. When they stopped, they hovered motionless, giving the impression that they may be under intelligent control. We could see a strong white light on one side, presumably a doorway of some sort. This light was distinctively under the full moon at that time, about one-third of the way up to its zenith.

As we watched, the brilliant white light went out and in its place there appeared two points of light, darting about in an incredible manner. All at once these points of light joined together and started to move off. They moved off for a distance of around 30 to 40 feet and suddenly darted up out of sight, disappearing in the darkness. Their great speed was about 15,000 feet per minute, or fifteen miles away.

After observing this phenomena, both of us agreed that the characteristics of the objects were such that there was no possibility that these were a known type of aircraft, even if seen at long distance, and that the possibility of their being some new type of secret or some kind of device powered by steam or gas from a rocket was not out of the question."

10. This office received a letter dated 17 July 1952, from Commanding General, First Air Force, Mitchel Air Force Base, Hempstead, Long Island, New York, reporting the sighting of a strange flying object.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
and in circles from 2315 hours, 22 July 1952, until 0130 hours, 23 July 1952.
A bright yellowish object is the sky between midnight and 0100 hours, 23
July 1952, said to rise and fall slowly. It was seen by both Air Force and
civilians. Said he signaled two (2) objects about the same time over water-
town, N. Y.
15. At 2225 hours, 19 July 1952, a York, Maine, police officer advises that he saw a strange object
in the sky about 2150 hours, 19 July 1952. This object was floating in
a north direction about 6 miles from his location, and was about 2 feet
in diameter and about 1 1/2 feet thick. It had no sound, blinked lights
like an airplane, and differed from the attitude seemed constant.
16. At 0030 hours, 20 July 1952, this office by telephone that he
saw a strange object in the sky. This object appeared to come from north northwest at a constant speed and was much brighter than any star he had ever seen. It was about four (4) times the diameter
of any star, and no sound was heard. This object came within 20 to 25 miles
of his location, with no change in its constant speed, and was visible for
about 5 to 10 minutes, when it disappeared by fading away. This object
was also observed by Mrs. I. D.
17. At 1000 hours, 21 July 1952, Mrs. B. M. called this office, a salesman of
aviation supply, while in her home sitting with neighbors, he observed the
20 July 1952, while sitting outside, a brilliant object in the sky travelling from east to west. He stated that the object was travelling at about 1/3 the speed of an aircraft, but was darting, in
an erratic manner, and finally went into a steep dive and disappeared. The
first time this object came into view, he said it seemed to be going real
fast, until it was about 2000 feet away, when it suddenly stopped. The light
was observed for about 3 to 4 minutes, and when it disappeared it left no trace. The ceiling was estimated to be around 20,000 feet, broken, and stars could be
seen.
18. On 20 June 1952, a report was received from Navy sources that a
strange aerial object was sighted near Yuma, Arizona. It was reported
that at 1115 hours they saw an object at approximately 10,000 feet traveling
in an easterly direction. The object appeared to be round, and shiny, and
seemed to be wobbling somewhat.
23 July 1952. In a story detailed Boston, Mass., newspapers had reported a mysterious object over Northeastern New Jersey. The object was compared to a flying disk and had been reported in New England and as far south as Trenton, New Jersey.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output:

ACTION

PE 52
YDER: 18C31
YF-52
TIE
OPEN 125
CHIEF, JPHQ JBDBP JGMM JGMIL 4444 
D' JBPCH 17
DT 3123C272 2kJ
PTH CG 47394TH DET WG MCOHORN ARE WASH  
TO JPHQ/DIR OF INTEL HQ USAF WASH DC
JBDBF/ATIC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO ATTN ATIAA-2C
JGDBN/CG ADC ENT AFB COLO  
JBOLL/CG WADF HAMILTON AFB CALIF
1' 7-33-52 FLYOBJECT 1500 LAW AFL 202-3 CLI 
1. SINGLE CIRCULAR WHITE OBJ TVL CN TRU HEADING OF APRX 73 DEGREES 
AT VERY HIGH SPEED PD OBSR STATED SPEED BEYOND CAPABILITY OF ANY 
ACFT KNOWN TO HIM PD
2. 1426 MST CHA 19 JUN 52 PD
OBSR VISUALLY TR GRD CHA NC OPTICAL EQUIP PD
OBER AT SWINGING POOL CHA W/IA APR ZONA PD
LAT 32 DEGREES 43 MIN N CHA LONG 114 DEGREES 35 MIN W PD
APPEARED VERY CLEAR AT AN ANGLE 45 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON PD ALT 
DB WAS CIRCULAR IN SHAPE AND WAS TRAILING LIGHT SMOKE PD
APPEARED CN OTHER SIDE PD

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

S-62-R 22 LT #### CMA ####/ CMA 317TH FTR-IRTFP SQ CMA 
RICHARD AFB CHA WASH PD CONSIDERED VERY RELIABLE PD
USA DATA NOT AVAL PD C62R REPT CEILING AND VISIBILITY UNLIMITED 
PLS VERY HOT CHA NO SURFACE WIND CHA AND BRIGHT SUN PD DES
NEG
NEG PD C62R DID NOT REPT SIGHTING AT YUMA PD REPT MADE UPON
RETURN TO RICHARDS AFB THIS DATE POL DISCUSSED WITH SO UNTIL CPT PD
UNK PD

21/231Z JUL JWPDM

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

The text in the document is as follows:

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS DATA SHEET

Where Choice is Given, Circle Proper
Answer, or Insert Answer

1. Date of your observations: 19 JUNE 1952
2. Date you reported the observation: 15 JULY 1952 
3. What time was it when you sighted the objects? 14:20 Hr.
A. Hr. PM Daylight Standard
Zone: Eastern, Central, Mountain, Pacific, Other
4. Length of time object was observed. Estimate: Hours Minutes Seconds
5. Where observed: YUMA AFB, YUMA, ARIZONA, U.S.A.
6. Where were you at time of observation: Inside building, In Car, Outdoors.
7. Were you moving at any time during this sighting: Yes No.
8. Did you stop at any time during this sighting: Yes No.
9. If you were moving - give Direction and miles per hour.
10. How was object observed: Naked eye, Binoculars, Telescope, Theodolite
Other glasses.
11. How did you happen to notice the object: I STARTED CHECKING SKY ... (INDISTINCT) WHILE ON DUTY AND IT WAS SIGHTED.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

12. Describe what you saw as briefly as possible in the following spaces:
a. Sound N/A
b. Shape ROUND
c. Color WHITE
d. Size SILVER DOLLAR
e. Number (only CALF)
f. Light color WHITE
g. Speed HATCH-WAY
j. Other UNUSUAL

13. How did object disappear from view SUDDENLY or GRADUALLY Circle One

14. At any time did the object:
a. Change direction. b. Change speed. c. Move behind something; Cloud, House, Tree, Other
d. Blend with background. e. Decrease in size. f. Decrease in brightness. g. Move in front of something.
h. Moved out of sight.

15. When you first looked at the object, what direction were you facing? UP
16. When you last saw the object, what direction were you facing? UP
17. In the following sketch, A. draw lines from the observer's eye to the circular are to show the apparent elevation of the object in the sky.

SKETCH A is provided, showing the object's apparent elevation from the observer's perspective.

(The text content of the document has been fully transcribed in the response.)

- page 11 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a sketch labeled "SKETCH B". The sketch shows the apparent path of an observed object, along with annotations describing the observed features of the object, such as its apparent shape, motion, and other details.

18. On the following Sketch B, label a at the apparent position of the object when first seen and b at point last seen. Trace the apparent path of the object between points a and b.
If possible label 1, 2, 3, etc., along the traced path to show the successive positions of the object after equal intervals of time during the sighting.

19. In Sketch C please show the observed features of the object such as:
A. Apparent shape, (were edges pointed or rounded),
B. Apparent direction of motion (show by arrow), and
C. Other details, exhaust, trails, tail, surfaces, etc.

20. The size and the moon are shown below as they appear in their correct relative size. In this sketch D, show the apparent size of what you saw.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scan of a typed document describing a UFO sighting.

Object was sighted approximately 1430 (2:30 pm) on a very clear day with little or no wind at the sighting. The object was starting as it was spotted and was showing face up a little at the edges. It was spinning rapidly and noticed it just before it started moving away. As it moved away, it was slowing down and rising up. It was possible to estimate its speed and size, but not knowing its exact distance, it was not possible to estimate its actual size. It was impossible to estimate its size or height with any degree of accuracy.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The text in the document is as follows:

22. Your full name: [REDACTED]
23. Your Address: [REDACTED], Tucson 5, ARIZ.
24. Your Occupation: U.S.A.F. PILOT
25. Last school you attended: ARIZONA STATE COLLEGE, Flagstaff, ARIZ.
26. Year of last attendance at this school: 1941
27. Please list the names and addresses of persons who discussed this sighting with you. It is not necessary to list the names of officials or investigators. NONE

28. Further comments which you believe are important should be entered here. Use additional sheets of the same size if necessary.
THERE ARE NO OTHER COMMENTS OTHER THAN THIS OBJECT TRAVELED IN A PERFECTLY STRAIGHT LINE NOT DEVIATING IN SPEED OR DIRECTION.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

THE INSPECTOR GENERAL USAF
20 DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
87 BROAD STREET
NEW YORK 4, NEW YORK

IN REPLY
REFER TO: 24-0

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

MEMORANDUM

1. The following is a summary of information concerning unidentified flying objects, which has come to the attention of this office during the period 19 June 1952 to 24 July 1952:

2. At 0930 hours, 20 June 1952, a Mr. _____ of the "New York Times" advised that he had received a call from a person identifying himself as a reporter for a newspaper, who stated that he had observed lights and objects in the sky over _____, Brooklyn, N.Y. _____ Mr. _____ further advised that the caller stated the objects were sighted at approximately 2200 hours, 19 June 1952, at Brooklyn.

3. On 20 June 1952, Aviation Machinist 2/c _____, Floyd Bennett Field, Brooklyn, N.Y., advised an agent of this office, through the Officer, Operations Officer, Section, Floyd Bennett Field, that he wished to discuss the matter with any other official of this office. This office was able to contact by telephone _____, Brooklyn.

4. On 20 June 1952, _____ advised that he sighted an object at 2150 hours, Daylight Saving Time, 15 June 1952, and that he observed it for approximately seven (7) or eight (8) minutes. He stated that the object appeared to be in the sky and looked like a large lighted object, and appeared to be at a very high altitude. He stated that the object suddenly disappeared and no estimate of speed could be made. No sound was heard. There was no apparent motion other than a sudden disappearance. No lights, no protrusion, no estimate of speed could be made. No sound was heard. The object was sighted from the ground, and no optical equipment was utilized. The object suddenly disappeared into the stratosphere and made no sound through its flight. In his opinion, the object was not identified and bore no relation to any aircraft or any other known object. He could assign no cause or any other experience pertaining to aviation or meteorology. The witness is considered to be reliable.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 15 -

