The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with various fields filled out to document a UFO sighting.

LOCATION: Shreveport, Louisiana
CONCLUSION: "Probable explanation - "
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The observer watched a light in the sky but it was too distant and obscured to determine its nature. The object was in sight for a short period of time.
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground
COURSE: Round
PHOTOS: No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire. The text in the image is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 16 Day Month Year 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 2 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The sketch depicts an oval-shaped object with details inside. There is no other photographic image in this document.

The text in the document is as follows:

"Shreveport, La.

Major H.Quintilla, 
Vice Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton,Ohio

Sir:
On the subject of "U.F.O." sightings where the object "disappeared" I believe the "U.F.O." goes into another dimension. I am 14 and sighted an object May 31 1957. The object hovered over Ridgewood Jr. High School. It appeared to go into a light brighter than sunlight and then it just disappeared over Ridgewood Jr. High School.

Sincerely yours,

[Redacted]
Shreveport, La."

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: TDT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation , 31 May 1967

TO: Shreveport, Louisiana 71103

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached UFD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information document related to an unidentified aerial phenomenon questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as completely as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information be kept confidential.
1. When did you see the object? 3/30/52 9:30 p.m.
2. Time of day: 9:30 Hours Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Shreveport, Louisiana
5. How long was object in sight? (Time Duration) 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was the sight determined? c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes x No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document that contains a questionnaire or form for an individual to fill out regarding their observation of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Dim
c. Fewer
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moon/bright
b. Dull moon/light
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 100 watt light

12. The edges of the object were (Circle One): 
1. Fuzzy or blurred
2. Little or bright star
3. Sharply outlined
4. Don't remember

13. Did the object (Circle One for each question):
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke?  Yes No Don't know
e. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?  Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. According to the response, the object disappeared while the observer was watching it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
According to the response, the object moved behind something, but the respondent did not specify what it was.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): (Yes) No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
According to the response, the object moved in front of something, which the respondent described as "Apparently moving behind a light cloud".

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: White with red center

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the object and note how much of the length of the match is covered by the object. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the match would have been covered by the object?
Less than 1/4 of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. 
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The drawing shows a large white/red object with a smaller white object underneath, both moving along a path that is indicated by an arrow.

Text from the document:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - It flew off rapidly into the night sky and vanished

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): (Yes) No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind a light cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): (Yes) No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
Apparently moving behind a light cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: White with red center

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the object and note how much of the length of the match is covered by the object. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the match would have been covered by the object? 
Less than 1/4 of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

29. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 15,000 to 20,000 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eye glasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass (Yes) No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Any day with a white highly luminous object.

- page 8 -

The image on this page appears to contain a compass-like diagram and instructions for sketching an object's motion. There is no photograph present on this page.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Just one

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before?  If so, give data or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes   No 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] Street, [REDACTED], [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 13
SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
more yes

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
8-17-52

- page 10 -

