There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT D. RECORD
CASE No.   5
DATE   12 3/2 /51
PLACE   NORTH  CAROLINA
SUMMARY OF ANALYSIS
Observer witnessed a luminous object in the sky. It was clear on a moonlit night. The object appeared to be suspended, then it moved off at a high rate of speed. There is no further evidence or information provided in this document.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, it just went into the clouds.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what: It moved behind and on the other side of the clouds.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, then tell what: It has appeared in front of the clouds.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Like an airplane, only without the normal airplane engine noise.
b. Color Blue on top, white underneath the sides.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a pencil at arm's length, line up the end of the pencil with one edge of the object and note how much of the pencil's length is covered by the object. Then, before moving the pencil, slide your thumb along the pencil to the other edge of the object. The distance between your thumb and the end of the pencil is the angular size. The object would not fit on the pencil, it moved too fast, only a cloud and look again.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object (that you saw) such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text appears to be a questionnaire or form for documenting a UFO sighting, with various questions about the observed object's behavior and characteristics.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a questionnaire for the observer.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Fast, 100+ mph 
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 1/4 mile
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _____________
e. In open countryside
f. Other _____________________________
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you going? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No d. Binoculars Yes No e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No g. Other _____ Yes No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Nothing never saw

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force document related to UFO reporting. The page contains various instructions and diagrams for observers to use when reporting UFO sightings.

Text Output:
Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO reporting document, specifically an "UFO form continued" from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
Page 4

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.
916

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Redacted

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Redacted
ADDRESS Redacted
TELEPHONE NUMBER Redacted
AGE Redacted SEX Redacted

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
19 Day 7 Month Year 1966 School nurse

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:        3  Apr  67
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative supplementation of your sighting:

A touch of pictures of the object when I saw out going pattern to your office i will sent them to you

Taken with Polaroid camera. Dim.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that includes text that states "This case includes two (2) 8x10 B&W photos".

Text found in the document:
This case includes 
two (2) 8x10 B&W photos

- page 7 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an unidentified aerial object or UFO. The object is depicted as a dark, round shape against a blurry, indistinct background.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an unidentified flying object (UFO) or aerial phenomenon. The object is visible in the sky, and the background shows a landscape with trees and vegetation. The photograph is black and white and has a grainy, low-quality appearance, which is typical of historical documents.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from an old UFO report document with text and a hand-drawn sketch.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Slowly faded and vanished

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, tell what:
It moved behind the trees

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes (No) Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
[No response entered]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -none seen
b. Color - bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object it covers. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[No response entered]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch showing an elongated object with no distinctive features]

OCR Output:
Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Slowly faded and vanished
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, tell what:
It moved behind the trees
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes (No) Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -none seen
b. Color - bright white
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object it covers. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typewritten letter regarding a request for UFO information and sighting.

Request for UFO Information & Sighting
DEC 11 1957
Tuscolo Park
Waynesboro, North Carolina 28786

Dear [Redacted],
Reference: your recent letter to my office. I appreciate your interest in collecting UFO data. However, I am sorry for your sake, that your parents severely punished you for your actions. It seems that your parents were very widely concerned because of their concern over what you did without their knowledge. However, I would like for you to talk it over with your parents. I would like for you to donate the photographs you took of the object which appears of interest.

The reason I want the object and the photos is to show others what has been done to those who have allegedly flying saucers. I will not reveal your name to any one except my staff.

I am including some information which you might enjoy since you like to read about the UFO phenomena.

Sincerely,
VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
1. Blue Book
2. Summaries
3. Airman Extract
4. Library of Congress Rpt.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report.

Gentlemen:

I was thirteen years old in May and I am very much interested in flying and flying objects. I used to watch what I thought were flying objects and until now I have never seen any so I printed some objects and photographed them with my younger camera. They were so realistic that some of my friends made me promise that I would acknowledge I was doing this. I am really sorry for my action. The witness I stated in my letter had no part in the matter.

I have been severely punished for my actions. I promise you this will never happen again.

Sincerely,

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

JUL 3 1 1967

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your observation and subsequent photography of an unidentified flying object (UFO) on March 16, 1967.

The photographs you continued in hopes of identifying the object. The object appeared to be circular, basically flat in shape. Lack of sufficient foreground and/or background detail precluded a scale factor to size the object. This lack of descriptible features prevents a positive identification of the object.

Enclosed are the photographs which you submitted for analysis.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

DANIEL S. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments: [redacted], North Carolina 23736

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation on March 10, 1967 in Waynesville, North Carolina.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433
REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: TDPT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 10 March 1967

TO:
Waynesville, N. C. 28786

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 10 March 1967, would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, please so indicate, sign the form, and return it.

The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production
1 Atch
AF Form 117

- page 14 -

The image contains two Polaroid prints (black and white) of an unidentified flying object. The photography quality is rated as "POOR" in the report.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 67-13
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGE
DATE OF REPORT 26 MAY 1967

SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION JUANA/USKA, NORTH CAROLINA
DATE 10 MARCH 1967

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF Two Polaroid Prints (black & white)
QUALITY POOR

1. PURPOSE: This report is in response to Work Order Number 67-59 submitted by JUANA to describe the content of the object photographed.

2. ANALYSIS: The photography appears genuine insofar as content is concerned. Examination of the two submitted Polaroid-type prints has revealed double exposure and/or retouching. The object appears to be circular in platform, basically flat in cross-section with a round superstructure. The object size is relatively small, smaller in diameter than the outer sections. Source did not indicate a size for the object or distance from the camera to the object when photographed. Lack of sufficient foreground and/or background detail precluded a scale factor to size the object. No satisfactory explanation could be made of the unidentified object.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
WILLIAM R. COOK
Intelligence Research Specialist

APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM C. TURNER
Major, USAF 
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

WILBER PRICE, JR.
Chief, 
Photo Exploitation Division

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, specifically a "FTD Work Order" form.

OCR Output:

FTD WORK ORDER                                                     Date Issued_________________

1. Description of Work: (Include title of unscheduled tasks.)
Request photo analysis be conducted on the attached 35 mm photo (2) for identification of object.

12 March 1957, Informant: Assistant request all material be returned upon completion of analysis.

 FROM -
2. FTD WOO. No.
3. Monitor:
4. Phone No.
5. DIA Task No.
6. DIC: Origin
 7A. DIA Priority
7. Date Needed
8. Supplier Code
9. Classification of Source
ALL SOURCES
10. Classification of
End Product
11. PPTD or Dep Sig.

 TO -
12. Div./Dir. Symbol
13. M-H Estimate
14. Monitor 
15. Phones
16. Div. Procedure
17. Div. Chief/Div. Sig.

FTD FORM JAN 47 13                                      Previous edition of this form is obsolete.          Copy No. 3 to Block 3

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force technical information document related to unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for scientific purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, unless you indicate that it is. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 10 Mar 1947
2. Time of day: 4:45 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 1. Standard 2. Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted]
5. How long was the object in sight? (Feet) 3 (Seconds) 30
6. Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
7. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One) a. DAY b. Night c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. Overhead d. Don't remember
FTD DSFE- 164 This form supersedes PTS 228, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a "FORCE UFO FORM" containing various questions and response options for the observer to fill out about the sighting.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. More, b. Fewer, c. Same, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dim moonlight, c. No moonlight-pitch dark, d. Don't remember

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Hazy, c. Partly cloudy, d. Overcast, e. Scattered clouds, f. Think or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Mist or light drizzle, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Stationary, b. Moving, c. Sudden appearance, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. About the same, c. Dimmer, d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Clearly outlined, b. Blurred, c. Fuzzy, d. Other (describe)

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down at any time? Yes No Don't know
...
i. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 18 -

