The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a government project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
2. LOCATION Wilmington, Delaware
10. CONCLUSION CASE: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION PHOTO: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION - original negatives not received.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS No information on sighting. We received word that the observer had photographed a UFO. A AF Form 117, photodata sheets and a request for the negative of the photo were sent but none were returned to us.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION USE COURSE
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

Dear _____,

This is in response to your conversation on March 1, 1968 with Major reports of the Senate Liaison Office concerning the analysis for UFO photographs.

If you will complete the attached questionnaire and mail it in the enclosed envelope, our technical people at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base will examine the data to investigate your sighting.

In order to make an evaluation of your photograph, it will be necessary for you to send us the original negative, (or photograph if polaroid) together with the following information:

Type and make of camera used
Type, focal length, and make of lens
Brand and type of film
Shutter speed and aperture setting used
Filters used, if any
The camera on tripod or solid stand
Was "panning" used
Precise direction cameras was pointed with relation to true north, and its angle with respect to the ground

If you cannot promptly obtain this film above information, or if the photograph is not considered sufficiently clear for analysis, please furnish:

The type of camera, the smallest and largest "f" stops, and shutter speed readings.
This information is essential for an accurate analysis of your photograph.

Sincerely,
DAVID L. STILES
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
OFFICE OF INFORMATION

W/R: This chap rode up from Wilmington with Senator Williams who turned him over to Maj Huppert/1/6 Office U.J. Huppert/1/6

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed text document.

Col stiles said please draft up a letter as and send AP Form 117 and Blue Book to: 

Wilmington, Delaware 19805

Major Ruppert's of SAFLL received a call from S. antor Williams saying this kid had contacted him because he had taken some pictures of UFOs. Also tell the kid we must have the original negatives, etc.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains only text that appears to be handwritten, which reads "1 Mar 1968 - Albuquerque 811".

1 Mar 1968 - Albuquerque 811

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a memo routing slip.

Memo Routing Slip
TO
1
2
3
4
REMARKS:
Exactor dat 8/29/49
to night shuk
consider merge 8/29/49
t. telephone very early morni-
ng on 8/30 any possible
conformation of this 
FROM
DATE
PHONE

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this document. However, the document appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book, containing the following text:

02032 Fire Stn. /1. reported bad ballast in Fluorescent light. Ok.
02252 Base Ops Called. Confirmed Gen Cornert aboard T-29 inbound. Col Warner Duty Brcfcst Officer for 22 Feb was notified by Base Ops.
05532 Security Police Comm Check.
05652 Security Police Line Check. 
05652 UFO Sighting over KCMO Radio Station. Information taken and recorded on separate sheet and entered in the "UFO Form" Folder.
07122 Have Express.
09202 Lt Gilbert, 150th TAC Ftr Gp arrived w/Unclas message and a deck of Cards. (TR*) With header card marked CONFIDENTIAL. Unclas msg given date time group. Cards were taken to Comm Opr. They could not transmit without a Fm 3322. Msg was not transmitted at 0930 local. Lt Gilbert awaiting further instructions as to disposition of cards.
11252 Lt Gilbert, 150th informed SDO that mag above was delivered directly to Comm Ctr and was transmitted.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only handwritten text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

UFO Sighting Info

M[s.] ***

Tel. ***

Object which light sighted at of about 2:30 yes in an insistently clear sky. Light seemed round and abt 30 fts. wide. Stayed about 5 min. and then disappeared, Did not make any sound.

Mgr. C.E. Branley
51860

- page 7 -

