The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

OF OBSERVATION
1. P~r.n19 
TYPE OF OBSERVATION
OBJECT
LOCATION
DALY CITY, CALIFORNIA 
DATE-
7/7/68
TIME
12:06 A.M. 
DESCRIPTION
OB~ERVATION
On 7/7/68 this observatir was made of a peculiar form of objeOt in the sky. It appeared to be rather large in size and was of an oblong or elongated shape. The color was a light gray, almost white in appearance. It seemed to be hovering in the sky and was moving very slowly, to the west. After a few minutes it suddenly accelerated at a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight to the west. The duration of this observation was approxi~ately 3 minutes.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    10   November   1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
    9. The sky was clear overhead, but there was some haze ( fog? ) over
    the coast, and some glow in the air from city lights.

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. It does not contain any photographs, but rather it consists of text.

OCR output:

Miss Turnure/SAF-010/15229/nov. 9, 1967

NOV 13, 1967

Dear Sir,

This will reply to your letter, postmarked November 3, regarding your sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Many details necessary to identification of your sighting have been obtained. Therefore, if you can be contacted again, we shall try to determine what it was that you observed.

In the meantime, your attention is directed to another UFO, please contact the UFO investigator at your nearest Air Force Base immediately. By so doing, you may have much quicker chance of having your report properly evaluated.

In the meantime, we are sending you some material which may help you determine what you saw. We hope you will find it interesting, as well as informative.

Thanks you for your interest in the Air Force project concerning unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STILES
Major, USAF
Chief, Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments:
Daly City, California 94015

SAF-OIC
Coord Cy - SAF-OIC
Activity CY - SAF-OIC
Render By - SAF-OIC
CRINDC

CC: WDAFR

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Dear First:
On Dec 6, 1952 at 7:15 p.m. P.S.T. I saw a formation of flying objects. There seemed to be nine objects moving in a formation. They were white and glowing. The objects appeared to be coming from the San Francisco area. At the mid point of the sighting, when they were overhead, the objects were obscured and could not be seen for a short time, perhaps two and three. After turning they performed the flight in the reverse order, appeared, and then disappeared. The objects flowed white but appeared distorted. They seemed to be over two miles altitude, and moving at a tremendous speed. They vanished and reappeared. The night was clear, except for some haze around the city. The objects made no sound. I have heard that a persons mental state, according to startled but serious.

Daly City, Ca.
09425

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information for reporting information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENON
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be of great value in conclusing our study of this incident. We request that you do not discuss your report with anyone else, or publish any conclusions or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object?
Date: Dec Day, 1967 Month Year: 1967

2. Time of day: 
8 Hour 37 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Daly City, California

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1 Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? timed by wrist watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes 

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy
NIGHT: d. Bright e. Haze f. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object DURING DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): e. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or survey about a reported UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

b. MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Fuzzy or hazy 
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Contrast brightness to some common object: about as bright as the parking lights on a car

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Appear suddenly?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Grew dim and faded.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: points of light
b. Color: white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
It would have covered all or any one.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. 
Please draw a sketch to show the direction the object was moving.
they appeared as points of light about the size of this period *

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? at least 900 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  Yes  No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? several 31 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On location (type)
d. In an open field
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. East  c. South  d. Southeast  e. West  f. Southwest  g. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes  No
b. Sun glasses    Yes  No
c. Windshield    Yes  No
d. Window glass   Yes  No
e. Binoculars    Yes  No
f. Telescope      Yes  No
g. Theodolite    Yes  No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
I can think of none.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch shows a horizon line with a curved line above it, representing the path of an object observed in the sky. There is also a compass rose diagram in the top right corner of the image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass (skyline) to show the direction (compass bearing) when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass (skyline) to show the direction (compass bearing) when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was *MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _nine_.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
they spread out like this as they m made the change in direction.
after the change in direction, they reformed like this: they were still in this formation when they disappeared.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] Last Name [REDACTED] First Name [REDACTED] Middle Name
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] Street Daly City California State Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] AGE: 23 SEX: male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent. I have been a star gazer for several years, and have had a course in astronomy at the College of San Mateo.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 9 Day November 1957 year Air Force

- page 10 -

