The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
DENVER, COLO
15. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
OBJECTS
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
TYPE OF OBSERVATION
COURSE
PHOTOS
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
FTD S 677 13 325 (TDS) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a historical document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   TDCV/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 8 Mar 67

TO:    Mr. Bert Cole
         Denver, Colorado 80237

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

CHARLES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO, 80230

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: XPDR

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be obtained in and when forwarded immediately to ATIC:

a. Description of the object(s):
(1) Shape: Like a very bright star

(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball): Size of the head of about man's length.

(3) Color: bright white with little flashes of red and green

(4) Number: 1/A

(5) Formation, if more than one: N/A 

(6) Any discernible features or details: Flames or green around that appeared to be port holes.

(7) Trail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None

(8) Sound: If heard, describe sound: None

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features distinguishing to this point, then disappear.

END

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting an observation of unidentified flying objects.

Text output from the document:

B. Description of course of object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? Twelve observers saw them
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed. The objects were high above the mountains - about 3-4 inches above the horizon.
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance. Cape Hatteras, but viewed closely to the earth.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s). Straight forward and then reversed.
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.) Slowly to North
(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc) 10 minutes
C. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground - electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)
Ground sighted (visual)
(2) Relevant data as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof. None
(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and name of station. N/A
D. Time and Date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting. 3 Mar 67/023535

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

LIGHT CONDITIONS: Time on of the following terms: night, day, dawn, dusk, or twilight.

a. Location of Observer(s): Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position of each observer, also should be given in classical reports, such as "NW of Deerfield, 5 miles.". Typewritten errors or "misspelling" often results in difficulty or impossibility of transmitting messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

b. Identifying Information on Observer(s): Civilian - Name, age, nationality, occupation, and estimate of reliability. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.

c. Number and Kinds -- flight conditions at time and place of sighting: Clear - calm

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Clear, all stars visible

(2) Report from nearest AMS or U.S. Weather Bureau office of wind direction, 30,000', 20,000', 10,000', 6,000', 3,000', and surface, and any other pertinent data.

(3) Ceiling: 15,000 scattered

(4) Visibility: 20 mi

(5) Amount of Cloud cover: High thin broken

(6) Luminosities in area in quadrant in which located: None

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

Any other unusual activity or condition, met geological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).

Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.

Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

FRED D. WILKIE
Chief, Operations Services Division

- page 6 -

