The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document:

CONCLUSION - UNIDENTIFIED

TYPE OF OBJECTS: Unidentified

DATE/TIME OF OBSERVATION: Sept 24, 1952 over 30 days ago and not further stated

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The object was sighted over 30 days prior to the filing of this report and no further details are given.

CASE

1. PHOTOS
: None

2. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
: None

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten letter.

Dear Major Quintanilla,
Being a Air Force officer (1952-1956) I heard several things opened discutia on U.F.O.'s all the Air Base where I was stationed. These were mere of an unverified nature than anything else.
I really never paid any attention to the flight line. I thought maybe UFO's were claimed in several magazine articles I have read. Some of the things I heard were in sound fascinating to me. How true they were I do not know.
I am the first few years I may have with members of my family have seen light that seem to be hovering in the sky and disappear. Sometimes like a bright light and at other times a nebulous light. Just for an instant and I immediately realized it was not true.
Gotthard Goring
G-3D-9AI-15/11-67

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document that appears to be a report or description of an observed UFO incident.

Transcription of the text in the document:

at about 8:30 PM, we observed what appeared to be a "silver" or "station" in the eastern sky, just north of Norwalk, Ohio on Rt 250. We were in the air at the time and I stopped to get a better view to see if it was a plane since it was a clear, calm night and the object climbed and then descended. She then the object climbed slightly and altered and then just descended and continued westerly. I estimated an altitude of 10 minutes. I stopped my car and my father and I observed the line across the sky for about 10 minutes. Again I stopped and we were convinced it was a plane reflection. It was distinctly noticed, and slowly it moved westward. It maneuvered erratically, and was comparably large. When it was observed, its location was over the Elyria - Norwalk area, 6-8 miles from our location.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a handwritten report or letter discussing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

a couple of other cars along at 2:30 in Norwalk. ohie and saw., exactly the same object that we saw. a just and the big light in the sky across in the manner. The brilliant object moved slowly and relatively a very its simply vanished. SHe sighting in newel was, on the same head at some length. Brightly colored like a long narrow quality a would say covered its brilliance. Dropped you and your got in the air for = me Daimd been diarial the any nang the deal, i have no hows to give. This letter may be of some help or Niner, i just wondered if anyone has written you about the sighting. If not, I will underetand. Thank you.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division, regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT/UFO

AUG 29 1967

UFO Observation 20 Aug 67

[Redacted], OHIO 44035

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANARDY, Colonel, USAF
Director of Geophysics and Systems

1 Atch
AFD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 5 -

