The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a report documenting unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE:
2. LOCATION: Jefferson City, Missouri (2 witnesses)
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (satellite) - Very probable. Striae was probably light of satellite, not elevator.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Subject was flat and circular, resembled a very low star, dominated orange with intermittent flashing.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object, weather conditions, and object behavior.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
B.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
B.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARES BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
[Handwritten response]

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't know

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? 
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One)  Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country/rural?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)  Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eye-glasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun-glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Viewfinder   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book report, with a series of questions about an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only illustrations. The illustration on the left shows a sketch with a curved line and angle measurements, while the illustration on the right shows a compass or directional rose.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky line) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by a witness.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give data or dates and location.
Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
Please list their names and addresses.

Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City State Zip Code
TELEPHONE NO. AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document states:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: _-_-_-

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The page contains a handwritten response to question 35, which describes the witness's UFO sighting experience in detail. The response discusses the object's movement, size, color, and other characteristics observed by the witness.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

As requested, I will now act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and output all the text found in the document:

Page 3

To whom it may concern:

This report is being made at the request of the Air Force concerning an incident which occurred near Jefferson City, Missouri, on the afternoon of November 2, 1958. 

At approximately 3:15 p.m. on that date, I observed a strange object in the sky while driving on Highway 50 about 5 miles west of Jefferson City. The object was circular in shape and appeared to be metallic or silver in color. It was hovering in the sky at an estimated altitude of 3,000 to 4,000 feet. After observing it for about 2 minutes, the object suddenly accelerated at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from sight within a few seconds.

I am a mature and responsible individual, and I can assure you that I was not imagining this incident. I have no reason to fabricate or exaggerate any part of this report. I am simply trying to provide you with an accurate account of what I saw on that afternoon.

If you have any further questions or require any additional information, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation , 17 April 1957

TO: Defendant, Missouri 65099

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES G. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

IDBT/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/msa/12 Aug 67)
UFO Observation, 17 April 1967

FAA Control Tower
Attn: Watch Supervisor
Ozark Airlines Airport
Cedar City, Missouri 65032 

Our office has no knowledge of unidentified flying object (UFO) observations from the Cedar City, Missouri area. Initial investigation indicates that this information could have been something in the area at the time of the sighting. The witness reported a blue-white light that traveled toward the southwest. This may have been identified dropped and tossed objects from the larger vehicle as it is described in the sighting. Request information on any known aircraft or similar object which could have been operating in the area at the time of the sighting. This witness statement is hereby forwarded for your evaluation and further consideration.

2. Any information you could provide as to a possible cause of this 17 April 1967, 2:05 CST, sighting would be appreciated. Possibly, some well airdrops observed this same or similar UFO.

JAMES C. MARANA, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

TDET/UFO (Lt Marlay/70916/nhs/23 June 67)
UFO Observation, 17 April 1967

FAA Control Tower
Actor: Watch Supervisor
Jefferson City Memorial Airport
Jefferson City, Missouri 65101

1. Our office has received a report of an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation from the Cedar City, Missouri area. Initial investigation indicates that this report is regarding an unusual sky phenomenon that could have been observed in the area at the time of the sighting. The witness reported a blue-white object that traveled to the northeast. Smaller vehicles dropped and took off from the larger vehicle at a great speed during the observation.

2. Any information you could provide as to a possible cause for this 17 April 1967 sighting would be appreciated. Possibly persons at the airport tower observed the same or similar UFO.

/S/ JAMES G. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION
     (ADD/UFO)               DATE 24 June 67

                           DATE
                           TDET

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to a UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS STRATEGIC MISSILE WING (SAC)
WHITEMAN AIR FORCE BASE, MISSOURI 65303

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: BO

SUBJECT: UFO Sightings

TO: FTD (DETE)

The following information is submitted in accordance with paragraph 11, AFR 80-17:

a. Description of the object:
(1) Shape - Flat and circular
(2) Size - a very low star
(3) Color - delineating orange with intermittent red and blue
(4) Number - one
(5) Formation, if more than one - N/A
(6) Discernible features - extremely low altitude
(7) Trails or exhausts - N/A
(8) Sound - N/A
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features - None

b. Description of course of object:
(1) What first called the attention of observer to object: Another person who first saw the object.
(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: 33° - 40° south of west.
(3) Angle above horizon and direction from your position when object first disappeared: 35° - 40° south of west.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: Straight course.
(5) How did the object disappear? Slowly to the southwest.
(6) How long were the objects visible? 28 minutes.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text found in the document is as follows:

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
ROUTE SLIP
TO: WILLS G. MONATH
DIRECTOR OF TECHNOLOGY
& DEVELOPMENT
DATE: 5/22/67
[x] For Your Information
[ ] For Your Conversation
[ ] Approval
[ ] Discuss With Me
[ ] Take Appropriate Action

REMARKS:
Re your UFO Observation April 17, 1967. 
Since our records are destroyed for this month in question, we have no way knowing whether any aircraft or similar objects were in area of Dear City, Mo.
Sorry but have no information available this facility.

FROM: FSS-1(Bl)

- page 13 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain a photograph. The text appears to be a typed report describing a UFO observation that occurred on April 17, 1957 in Cedar Falls, Missouri. The report was written by Major Victor Quintanilla of the U.S. Air Force's Aerial Phenomena Office and includes details about the witness's observations, a request for additional information, and the officer's signature.

TDET (UFOP) Maj Quintanilla/70916/mn/17 Nov 67
UFO Observation, 17 April 1957

Missouri State Highway Patrol 
Jefferson City, Missouri 63101

1. The Aerial Phenomena Office is investigating an unidentified flying object report which occurred on 17 April 1957 at Cedar Falls, Missouri.

2. The witness stated that he saw a disc shaped object from approximately 9:02 pm until 10:05 pm CDT. The object slowly moved southwest and finally disappeared. It seems likely that the object passed over Jefferson City.

3. Request information on whether you received any incident reports on the night of 17 April 1957 and if so, know what may have been the cause for this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Directorate of Science and Technology
Production Directorate

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document from the Missouri State Highway Patrol.

MISSOURI STATE HIGHWAY PATROL
JEFFERSON CITY

November 27, 1967

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr., USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Ref: TDPT (UFO)

Our files contain no information relative to an unidentified flying object case over Cedar Falls, Missouri and we have no reports of any objects in the Central Missouri area where Jefferson City is located. 

We are attaching a copy of correspondence and report concerning an unidentified flying object sighted in the Crawford County, Missouri area, which is located southwest of Jefferson City, Missouri.

This information is in reply to your inquiry of November 20, 1967.

JOHN A. INGRAM, Major
Chief of Staff

H. F. VORKINK, Captain
Bureau of Identification and Records

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MISSOURI STATE HIGHWAY PATROL
January 27, 1967

Subject: Report of unidentified flying objects, Gasconade County, Missouri.
To: Commanding Officer, Troop F, Missouri State Highway Patrol, Jefferson City, Missouri.

1. On March 5, 1967, Trooper S. replied regarding reports earlier in the evening of March 5, 1967, that there were several unidentified flying objects observed in the area of Gasconade County, Missouri. He stated that he had observed these objects and that they appeared to be flying at a high altitude and moving at a high rate of speed. He stated that he had notified other officers in the area who also had observed these objects and that they were unable to identify them as any known aircraft. The objects were described to change in shape and size and to display various colors including red, orange, and green. The objects were observed over a period of approximately 2 hours and 45 minutes. It was stated that several other people had reported seeing these objects to the Troop F Communications Center.

2. On March 6, 1967, a Trooper reported back to the Troop F Communications Center that he had been back to the area and had not observed any unidentified flying objects. He stated that he had talked to several people in the area but was unable to locate anyone who would admit to having seen the objects on the previous evening.

3. It is the opinion of this officer that Mrs. [redacted] was in a sight rash that evening and that she was mistaken in her observations. When the officer arrived at her home, she stated that several other people had seen the objects, but the officer was unable to locate any of these people. The officer also stated that Mrs. [redacted] had been drinking prior to the time that she claimed to have observed the objects, and he feels that this may have contributed to her inability to make an accurate observation.

D. M. Gallaway, Corporal
Cdr: Sergeant H. P. O'Dell

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

MARGARELT ROYAL
RIOLAND TWp.

RUIDLERL:
Cany here are some things thawt hake happened 

They came ee ry night. 
several neilhborg ated others around came 
one very tery bright night  et olight and some 
thing get im out of the bed to look at it. They 
went again tojue the level of the lights.
They were not to get on nay 
contation except some lines  I di not get er see any 
way they were there. I think more
and think they should not be there. we move
nd can s not let il.  Wy best to find mule
wil erly e to bury her. She is in a terrible
cangiting. We hope you will do all you can to help.

B y please give this some attention. I will be 
g ad to give any further information if I can.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements other than the handwritten text. As requested, I will proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

The image contains the following handwritten text:
"The ground lights were strange, erratic and darting movements, the object was self-illuminating or they own was source of illumination. The pace was at estimated 1500 mph. I observed this object overhead for approximately 5 minutes. There are other times those seen than this one event."
Signed: "Marion Heily", "Pevnline, Mo", "Hwy mile marker 1.5" and "on Hwy C."

- page 18 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Bic objects were seen on 10 June 1968 at approximately 2100 hours over the City of Jefferson, Missouri. The objects were reported to be circular in shape and a reddish-orange in color. They appeared to be hovering and then suddenly accelerated and disappeared. The objects were observed for approximately 10 minutes by several witnesses.

There is no additional information or photographs provided in this document.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The document appears to be a typewritten report describing a UFO observation that occurred on April 17, 1967 in Jefferson City, Missouri.

TDPT (USAF) Maj Quintanilla/70916/dhs/20 NOV 67 
UFO Observation, 17 April 1967

Jefferson City Police Department
Jefferson City, Missouri 65101

1. The Special Phenomena Office is investigating an unidentified flying object report which occurred on 17 April 1967 at Cedar Falls, Missouri.

2. The witness stated that he saw a disc shaped object from approximately 5:52 pm until 10:15 pm. The object slowly moved southwest and finally disappeared. It seems likely, that the object was passed over Jefferson City.

3. Request information on whether you received any incident reports on the night of 17 April 1967 and if you know what may have been the cause for this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from the Jefferson City, Missouri Police Department, dated December 6, 1967. The text of the document is as follows:

POLICE DEPARTMENT
JEFFERSON CITY, MO. 65101
KAA 522

December 6, 1967.

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr., USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Major Quintanilla:

With reference to your letter, regarding a disc shaped
object observed on April 17, 1967, at Cedar Falls, Missouri
from 9:50 PM until 10:05 PM CST, we are sorry that we have
not answered your letter sooner. The disc was brought
from my desk for several weeks and upon my return I inquired
about any complaints being received on any observations of
this kind and received word that we did have complaints.

Upon checking, it appears that some local kids had placed a
plastic bag, or substance of some kind in a plastic bag, on
customers after they have been cleaned and after inflating
the cement bag is some way the substance gives a lighted
effect and it floats off into the air.

We hope this will answer your inquiry and again apologized
for the delay in replying.

If we can be of further service to you at any time, in the
future, please feel free to call us.

Yours very truly,

CLAUDE E. SHORT
Chief of Police

GES:lb

- page 21 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically page 22 of the document with the filename "data/scanned/19XXs_scanned/xxxx-xx-7457795-JeffersonCity-Missouri.pdf22.txt".

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

NOV 24 1957

DEPT (UFO) Maj QUINTANILLA/70916/mhs/24 Nov 67
UFO OBSERVATION, 17 APRIL 1957

Mr. ***********
Jefferson City Memorial Airport
Jefferson City, Missouri 65101

Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation of 17 April 1957. In reviewing the details of your sighting, it was determined that additional information was necessary before making a final evaluation. Re quest you complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it to this headquarters. If you cannot remember the exact details of your sightings, please provide a narrative on the last page of the form utilizing the information you for your assistance in

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF 1 Atch
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office AF Form 117 w/self-addressed envelope
Aerospace Technologies Division
Directorate of Installations

- page 22 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Manner of observation: 
(1) Ground - Visual
(2) A Jupiter telescope was used, 30 par and 40 millimeter, Stock Number 107594.

Time and date of sighting: 17 April 1967, 2140 Central Standard or 0340 Greenwich Time.

Location of observer: Jefferson City Memorial Airport in Jefferson City, Missouri, located on Highway 50. Latitude 38.65 N Longitude 92.25 W.

Identifying information of observers: Civilians - Mr. *****, a reliable citizen, high school graduate, and a line school military trainee. Jefferson City Memorial Airport, Jefferson City, Missouri, Ozark Airlines, a reliable citizen, rated highly by his employer, and a high school graduate.

Weather and winds - aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
(1) Observer's account of the weather - Clear.
(2) Visibility - 15 miles.
(3) Amount of cloud cover - 5500 scattered - 1000 overcast.
(4) Temperature - 76°. Dew point - 68°.
(5) Wind - S/SE 2400 15kts, 6000 320° 25kts, 10,000 310° 30kts, 16,000 289° 40kts, 20,000 230° 41kts, 30,000 260° 83kts, 50,000 270° 49kts.
(6) Balloons released at Columbia, Mo. at 0000Z, 18 April 1967 indicated Temperatures gradient (A/B) 9BC - 6.0°; -3.76°C/1000M, 650 - 1.15°C/100CM, 950 - 4.00:
-5,726 feet on -5°C.

Other unusual activity or conditions: Columbia, Mo. reported lightning to the west and east.

Flight of object: Sighting of object before balloon releases: Balloon released from Columbia, Mo. at 0000 Greenwich Time, 18 April 1967 - Ozark Airlines flight #319, DC-3, from St. Louis was sighted of object before takeoff but reported nothing, landed at 2150 in Jefferson City.

Tracing Officer: Mr. J. T. Roszweski, Assistant Ground Trailing Officer, BOT, Ext. 3103, Box 693, Whiteman AFB, Missouri, 65301. Personnel interviews with both observers revealed a conscientious and professional attitude toward their job. Their initial report was accomplished in accordance with the duties of their occupation to report such objects observed in flight paths.

- page 23 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

NOV 24 1967

TDEPL (UFO) 
UFO Observation, 17 April 1967

Mr. 
Jefferson City, Missouri 65101

Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting of April 17, 1957. We have attempted to obtain additional information on this sighting from the witness as requested, however, he has not replied as this date. Please provide his address and also include the names and addresses of both men at the Ozark Airport who also observed the UFO. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR, Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Foreign Technology Division 
Production Directorate

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters, Foreign Technology Division (AFSC), regarding a UFO observation report from April 17, 1957.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TPPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 April 1957

TO: Mr. ---- 
Jefferson City, Missouri 65101

Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting of April 17, 1957. We have attempted to obtain additional information on this incident. However, to date, he has not replied at this date. Please provide his address and also include the names and addresses of both men at the Osage Airport who also observed the UFO. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

/s/ WILLIAM F. MALOW, Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Directorate of Intelligence Production Directorate

- page 25 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DES/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 April 1967

TO: Mr. [redacted]
Jefferson City, Missouri 65101

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were observing this on 17 April 1967, would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it. If your were not making this observation, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

[Handwritten text at the bottom of the page]
The report said to come over.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

TDBJ/UFO

UFO Observation, 17 April 1967

TO: Mr. _____ 
Jefferson City, Missouri 65101

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as a witness to an UFO sighting on 17 April 1967. If you were a witness to this sighting, please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form and return it. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

- page 27 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph or visual evidence included in the Project 10973 Record document. The document contains primarily textual information about the observation, including the location, conclusion, and a brief summary of the analysis.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document:

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
2. LOCATION: Jefferson City, Missouri
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (position). Very good, jet
Missile way on an altitude of 2/4 to 5 deg, and elevation of 5 degrees or a little more.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object was flat and circular, the size of object was estimated to be 6 to 10 feet in diameter, and it appeared to be at a distance of about 5 miles.

See Case Slides For complete case.

Sighting as given by APS Construction. See corporate case in Slides for complete sighting by Construction.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 3510 STRATEGIC MISSILE WING (SAC) 
WHITEMAN AIR FORCE BASE, MISSOURI 65280

UFO SIGHTINGS

1. Description of the object:
(1) Shape - Flat and circular
(2) Size - 6 every low span 
(3) Color - Dominating orange with intermittent red and blue
(4) Number - One
(5) Formation, if more than one - N/A
(6) Maneuverable features - Extremely low altitude
(7) Trails or exhaust - N/A 
(8) Sound - N/A
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features - None

2. Description of course of object:
(1) This first called the attention of observer to object!
Another person who first saw the object.
(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: 
30° - 40° south of west.
(3) Angle above horizon and direction from your position when 
object first disappeared: 30° - 40° south of west.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: Straight 
course.
(5) How did the object disappear: Slowly to the northwest.
(6) How long were the objects visible: 25 minutes.

- page 29 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. This appears to be a typed report from Project Blue Book, containing text describing the details of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

c. Manner of observation: 
(1) Ground - Visual 
(2) A Dower telescope was used, 30 per and 40 millimeter, Stock number 4075244.
Time and date of sighting: 17 April 1957, 2140 Central Standard Time.
Location of observer: Jefferson City Memorial Airport in Jefferson City, Missouri, located on Highway 54.  
Identifying information of observer: William C. Powell, Chief Meteorological Technician, Jefferson City Memorial Airport, Jefferson City, Missouri.
Weather and winds - cloud conditions at time and place of sightings:
(1) Observer's account of the weather - Clear.
(2) Visibility - 15 miles.
(3) Amount of cloud cover - 5500 scattered - 1000 overcast.
(4) Temperature - 78°. Dew point - 63°
(5) Wind - S? 240° 13kts, 6000 220° 25kts, 10,000 310° 30kts.
 Balloons released at Columbia, Mo. at 0000G, 18 April 1957. Temperatures gradient (Aug) 832 - 686 + 1.25 C/100M; 0510 - 4000; -5.9C/100M.
Other unusual activity of conditions: Columbia, Mo., reported flight of aircraft or balloon releases. Balloon released from Columbia 0000 Greenwich Time, 18 April 1957. Oscar Wilcutt, engine mechanic, THE BOEING COMPANY, from St. Louis was warned of object, Jefferson City tower back-off.  
Preparing Officer: 2Lt. S. T. Martin, Jr., Assistant Ground Training Officer: T/Sgt. Bert L. Johnson, ACD, Miss. 65301. Personnel interviews with both observers revealed a conscientious and professional attitude toward their job. Their initial report was immediately published in accordance with the duties of their occupation to report such objects observed in flight.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the mid-20th century.

Text Output:

Although no flights were in the area other than Ozark Airlines, Flight 2314, my preliminary investigation has revealed no explanation as to the cause of the observation, but I believe an object was observed.

FOR THE COMMANDER 

SAMUEL T. MARTIN, JR., 2ndLT., USAF
Ass't Ground Training Officer
Investigations & Training Division

- page 31 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

FOR THE COMMANDER
SAMUEL T. MARTIN, JR., 2ndLT., USAF
ASS'T Ground Training Officer
Base Operations & Training Division

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO sighting report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text output from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 33ST STRATEGIC MISSILE WING (SAC)
WHITEMAN AIR FORCE BASE, MISSOURI 65301

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DO

SUBJECT: UFO Sightings

TO: PID (DETR)

The following information is submitted in accordance with paragraph 11, AFR 80-17:

a. Description of Object:
(1) Shape: Round and flat (World War I helmet shaped) - two oval shaped undercarriages.
(2) Size: 340 feet across.
(3) Color: bluish-white glistening, not mercury type, unusual slow, cold light; not a harsh light, metallic glistening.
(4) Number: Only one large vehicle observed at first, but two smaller vehicles dropped from under the larger vehicle four minutes later.
(5) Formation: Smaller vehicles dropped and took off from larger vehicle at a great speed, one heading east and the other north.
(6) Distinctive features: Metallic glistening, glow shining from under the larger vehicle that lit up the area underneath and produced a glowing effect.
(7) Trails or exhausts: N/A
(8) Sound: N/A
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Observer was frightened by the size of the light from the vehicle.

b. Description of course of object:
(1) What first called the attention of the observer to object: Object was over a cliff above the car, observer thought the lights were from aircraft and became frightened.
(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: 45° - 90° overhead.
(3) Angle of elevation of object upon disappearance: Low to the south-east, about 9°.

Peace...is our profession

- page 33 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

According to the text in the document:

Direction of movement/maneuvers of the object: Moved right from directly overhead and headed southwest. How did the object disappear: Gradually to the southwest. How long was the object visible: Approximately 45 minutes.

Manner of observation:
(1) Ground - visual
(2) Used 8 power binoculars, SV Clement, made in Paris, France.
Time and date of sighting: 17 April 1967, 2100 Central Standard or 0300 Greenwich Time.
Location of observer: On a highway #94, (state) about 4.5 miles north-northeast Jefferson City, Missouri, on a curve in the road below the nearby bluffs. Longitude 92 degrees west, latitude 38 degrees north.
Identity of observer: Mr. [redacted], Jefferson City, Missouri, 65101.
Weather and winds: calm conditions at time and place of sighting: Observer's account - Clear, no overcast, fair and mild. Visibility - 15 miles. Amount of cloud cover - 5500 scattered, 10,000 overcast. Temperature - 78°, Dew point 68°. Wind - SSE 240° 15kts, 6000 120° 25kts, 10,000 310° 30kts, 16,000 335° 60kts, 20,000 330° 45kts, 30,000 280° 85kts, 50,000 270° 45kts.
Balloons released at Columbia, Missouri at 0000 Greenwich Time, 18 April 1967 indicated: Temperature Gradient (Aug) SRF - 60; +1.30 C/1000ft; 000 - 4000 - 5.7 C/1000ft.
Other conditions or activity in the area: Lightning reported west and cast of Columbia, Missouri.
Flights of aircraft in the area: Ozark Airlines, Flight 319, a DC-3, departing St. Louis at 2130 was informed of the observation before departure and arrived in Jefferson City at 2150.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

J. Preparing Officer: 2Lt S.T. Martin, Jr., Box 693, Whiteman AFB, Missouri 65301. The UFO sighting was reported by Mr. and Mrs. and the accompanying report. Mr. is an educational background that sustains a degree of credibility to his observation. However, other reports of the observation do not substantiate the details given in this document.

The report indicates that the witness firmly holds suspicions concerning such objects and has subjective feelings toward them. I feel that his viewing of an object is valid, but his description of the details of the object may be exaggerated due to his emotional condition at the time of the sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER
SAMUEL R. MARTIN, JR., 2nd LT., USAF
Asst Ground Training Officer
Base Operations and Training Division

See separate Case
17 April 67 Jefferson City, Mo.
Grand and Aron (Screens)

- page 35 -

This document does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division, regarding a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO ATTN OF: TDDT/UFO 13 May 67

SUBJECT: UFO Observation: 17 April 1967

TO: Mr. P. J. Fecatee
Jefferson City, Missouri 65101

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached UFD Form 164 and return it to enable us to process your observation.

/s/ JAMES C. MAIJATT, Colonel, USAF 
Inspector of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
UFD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much informed as as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. This information will be used in connection with any statement, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
Day: 6
Month: 7 
Year: 

2. Time of day: 9:30
Minutes: 25
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: 
City or Town: 
State or County: 

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: 
Minutes: 
Seconds: 

5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. Day: Bright
b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD Form 164 This form supersedes FTD Form 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 37 -

