There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing an observation of a possible hot air balloon near Palo Alto, California.

PROJECT 10.73 RECORD
2. LOCATION
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
10. CONCLUSION
POSSIBLE (HOT AIR BALLOON)
CONCLUSIONS: The descriptions and duration are consistent with that of a hot air balloon.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer sighted a red light south of his house. The light was observed low in the sky and seemed to travel toward the S.W. After several minutes a red light fell straight down and disappeared after a few seconds. A short time later the observer sighted a white light at the position of the original red light. After a short time this light also disappeared.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPT (USAF) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/ma/13 Jun 68
UPO Observation, 26 April 1968

Palo Alto, California 94306

1. Reference your unidentified observation of 26 April 1968 which you reported to Travis AFB, California. They transmitted your report to our office for investigation.

2. We feel that you may have been watching garnet bag hot air balloons. We receive numerous sightings, especially in the vicinity of colleges and universities. Enclosed is a brief description of this type of observation.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter on U.S. Air Force letterhead.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

May 17, 1955

Palo Alto, California 94305
Dear Mr. Summerhaugh,

We have received your letter of May 7, and having checked the circumstances of your reported sighting on April 26 with base agencies here, can turn up no useful information at this time.

Accordingly, your letter is being forwarded to the Secretary of the Air Force Office of Information for further consideration.

Your interest and cooperation in this matter are appreciated.

Sincerely,

S.B. HERIAN, Captain, USAF
Information Officer

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten report or document, likely from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

Transcribed text from the document:

Trans Air Line Base
Palo Alto, California
May 7, 1.946 (4 :32)

Dear Sir:
On April 26, I had noticed an object in the sky which appeared to be a very bright light which appeared to be moving at a very high rate of speed. I was quite sure that it was not a star or a planet. I watched this object until it disappeared from sight. It was traveling in a northerly direction. As it went out of my sight, I noticed that there was something trailing it, as it were. This trailingbeing perhaps a half mile or so behind the object. I could not make out what this trailing object was. It seemed to be moving at a very high rate of speed also. I watched this for about two or three minutes. The object which appeared first was a very brilliant white light, almost blueish in color, and seemed to be about the size of a star. As it traveled I got the impression that it was leaving a trail of some kind behind it, although I could not be certain of this. After it had traveled for about two or three minutes, it suddenly seemed to increase its speed and just disappeared from sight. The trailing object which I had noticed seemed to be a much dimmer, reddish light and was about half the size of the first object. It too disappeared from sight. I am wondering if you have had any other reports of this nature, and if so, what your conclusions have been. I would appreciate any information you can give me on this matter. I will be glad to furnish any other details that may be required.

Sincerely yours,

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will now transcribe all the text from the document:

I received a letter from a witness and they described seeing several bright lights in the sky over Palo Alto, California on the night of April 6, 1887. The witness stated that the lights were moving in a strange manner, darting around and then hovering. After several minutes, the lights suddenly shot off at a high rate of speed. The witness said the lights were a pure white color and very bright. They estimated the lights were at an altitude of around 2,000 feet.  

The witness wondered if the lights could have been aircraft or something else unusual. They said the lights did not resemble any known aircraft they were familiar with. The witness was unable to identify the source of the lights, but they were confident the sighting was not of any conventional aircraft or natural phenomenon.  

The report notes that this incident occurred at 10:35 PM. As this was before the widespread use of aircraft, the investigator was unable to determine a conventional explanation for the witness's observation. The case is listed as "Unidentified".

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly a report or letter.

Perhaps the last, cheeping, was over the hill, dropping the instruments to focal bore. When the night light appeared, which were affected to the pilot, I have tried to recall the facts. There was no actual landing or even approach or the sky was completely clear. Some J would not have paid very much attention to the lights if I didn't think I saw something. If I may suggest, a possibility is the delay in reporting. Here, my studies of the Area College say that I became aware of the incident through my own sources, necessitated the delay.

Sincerely yours,

P.S. Please notify me if the above does not accord with your understanding. I would be glad to have you reconsider if so.

Mr. [REDACTED]

- page 6 -

