There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR system output:

DATE: 8 JUNE 1952
1. THE GROUP: 11:52
2. LOCATION: KANSAS, OHIO
10. CONCLUSION: Unidentified
4. NAME-OF-OBJECTS: ONE
5. LENGTH-OF-OBSERVATION: 15
6. TYPE-OF-OBSERVATION: Visual
7. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECTS: Observer reported seeing a clear shape, bright silvery colored object travel toward the SE before disappearing into the clouds. The object appeared motionless at times. The observer thought he was being buzzed by a private aircraft, but evidently the object was not an aircraft. The duration of the sighting was not given.
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE
9. BALLOON. WITNESS INFORMATION: A balloon observation, however, contact with Dayton could not account for any balloons launched that day.
FTD SERIAL NO. 9-329 (TD&E)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:	17		AUGUST		1966 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
The object appeared suddenly from nowhere, above and ahead of my auto. My first impressions was that I was being buzzed by a private plane. On my second look at the object, it appeared to hover at high speed over a farmer's buildings, and as I pulled over to the side of the road to view it, it immediately flew away on a low-level course.
There was no sound, and it was as long as a Commercial Airliner, and had no markings. I did not see an underneath cop, or end view of the object. My body reacted as if I had just experienced a "close shave" with danger. The remainder of the day I was somewhat emotionally upset. I queried the farmer and his wife, who live very close to the place of the sighting, as to whether they had heard anything unusual that morning near their farm, and they said that they had not. I told my experience to my family a few hours after it happened.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document from the U.S. Air Force Technical Intelligence Center dated June 17, 1966.

June 17, 1966

U.S. Air Force
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

For your information, on Wednesday morning, June 8th 1966, around 6:43 a.m. I was driving from my home north of Bowling Green, Ohio (Seneca County), I was on my way to work in Toledo, Ohio. As I have been doing 100 miles each day for some time now, I looked up and suddenly saw an object, it seemed to be coming up at me from behind a cloud. I was traveling straight west on Sandusky County Road #1 headed south and northeast toward Fremont, Ohio. This object was traveling very fast at first and then it slowed down considerably. It seemed to be a flying object just above and ahead of me a little to the right of my car and just above the tree tops of the small woods. This object was round and whitish in color and as it came closer it seemed to be a plan [sic] buzzing my car. The first thought was that it was a plane buzzing my car, but the second it focused on the object again, it appeared to be flying a level (low) course. It appeared to be about the size of a dinner plate. Just as it appeared to be flying a level course, it suddenly took off at a tremendous rate of speed and disappeared. I was not able to pick up a tail, fins, windows or props. It was shiny new silver metal looking. It was blink [sic] clear shining. I heard no noise, although I did not turn off the engine of my VW or roll down the right window to listen. I tried to get a picture but my camera was not working. It is possible that it stopped to be a balloon or a plane or something, but it traveled NE from me and disappeared over a wooded area a mile away. I could not follow it after that point.

164

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document.

U. S. Air Force
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Dayton, Ohio

I do not drink or use drugs. I am 43 years old and married. I am a 3 1/2 year Veteran of World War II Air Forces. I flew 30 Combat Missions over Europe as a photographer and Radio Operator, was awarded the Air Medal and (6) Oak Leaf Clusters, held the rank of Staff Sergeant.

In this instance I have been able to relate a flying object with some known air object. I am not concerned or particularly interested in UFO's. My family considers me a skeptic on such matters (how they consider me).

Regards.

Very truly yours,
[Redacted]
Kansas, Ohio 44441

This appears to be an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text contained in the document.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

22 August 66
Contacted Dayton Balloon Launch (Sulfur Grove) about balloon free there being observed in the Seneca county area on 8 June 66. He said that he did not believe a balloon from Sulfur Grove could have been responsible for the UFO sighting. There balloons normally do not travel that far.

- page 5 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr. from an anonymous sender in Kansas, Ohio. The letter is dated August 17, 1966 and discusses the sender's enclosed completed forms regarding an unidentified observation in June 1966. The letter thanks Major Quintanilla for his interest in the matter.

Text from the document:

August 17, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Chief, Project Blue Book
USAF (TDPTR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Re: Unidentified Observation
June 8, 1966 

Dear Major Quintanilla:

For your letter request of August 15, 1966, I enclose completed forms furnished with your letter for use in evaluating my unidentified observation.

Thank you for your interest in this matter.

Very truly yours,

Kansas, Ohio 44841

MEB/jan
Attachment

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document is as follows:

Kansas, Ohio
8 June 66
ATTN: PYD (CETRE)
Person AFB, OHIO 43433
Dear Sir:
Reference your unidentified observation of 8 June 1966. 
The information in your letter was not sufficient for us to correlate with the existing PYD form.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding an unidentified object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements that this person makes, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
3 June 1966

2. Time of day: 
6 (approx.) hours
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): 
a. Eastern
b. Central 
c. Mountain 
d. Other

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving 
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Kansas, Ohio (Seneca)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
Minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Later by estimating the reconstruction of the experience.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No _____

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: Sunny
NIGHT: Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): 
a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. Behind you
d. To your right 
e. Don't remember

FTD FCR 28 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire-style format.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
(CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. Compare brightness to some common object

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply outlined, c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time?, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?, c. Break up into parts?, d. Give off smoke?, e. Change brightness?, f. Change shape?, g. Flash or flicker?

The text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
(CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. Compare brightness to some common object

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply outlined, c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time?, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?, c. Break up into parts?, d. Give off smoke?, e. Change brightness?, f. Change shape?, g. Flash or flicker?

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form for witnesses to describe their observations of a UFO sighting.

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared into the horizon

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color Bright Silvery

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/2 of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially show the direction the object was moving.
Note: Although the drawing below is provided, it is not filled in.

OCR Text Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared into the horizon

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color Bright Silvery

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/2 of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photograph. The page is filled with text and survey questions related to an unidentified object sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? AT FIRST SIGHTING, about 100 FEET.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Over water?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?  40 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?  Yes     No  

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes   No
b. Binoculars  Yes   No
c. Windshield  Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No
e. Theodolite  Yes   No
f. Other   Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Cigar

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and an instruction for the viewer to draw a picture. The diagram shows a compass rose and instructions for how to use it to describe the movement of an unidentified object in the sky.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" for the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes
No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 45
SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I flew 30 combat missions in World War II Waist Gunner and photographer on B-24 Liberator Bombers in U.S. Airforce. Awarded 3 Air Medals and 12 Bronze Major Battle Stars. Held the rank of Staff Sergeant.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
June 17, 1966
U.S. Air Force
Dayton, Ohio

- page 13 -

