The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book record, which appears to be a form filled out to document a UFO sighting.

The text from the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME CR.JR JUNE ZQ. i960

2. SOURCE G-VII1.

3. NUMBER OF OB "JECTS 1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 5 Mil.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Visual

7. COURSE E to W

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE n Yes

10. CONCLUSION
Case: Possible HOAX 
Photo: Probable Processing Blemish

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted a funnel shaped object that was re
in color and was traveling W or NW. The object appeared
to be glowing as it traveled along. The observer states t... 
the object had a strange forward speed.

COMMENTS: In the description of the case the observer de-
scribed almost perfectly the object that appears in his photo, 
However, photo analysis indicated that the image was 
probable processing blemish.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or witness report form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes - estimated speed: 800 miles per hour No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes - estimated distance: about 500 feet No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In an open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? - miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Binoculars (Yes) (No) b. Sun glasses Yes (No) c. Windshield (Yes) (No) d. Window glass Yes (No) e. Telescope (Yes) (No) f. Theodolite (Yes) (No) g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

the object appeared to be up towards the top of the sky and contained lights on it that were colored like a rainbow and rotating around the body of the object, similar to a helicopter with flashing lights on the sides, but without any wings or conventional aircraft shape

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound noiz
b. Color glowing red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports. 

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location. 
about 2 years ago over plaquemine la. the object was hovering at a moderate altitude . it suddenly increased in speed and disappeared in the distance 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State 
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 30 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am a professional electronic e ngi neer and have had training in electronic theory and circuits including some experience of radar technology. I have had training in home training courses pertaining to radio theory and electronics and have serviced electronic equipment on a professional basis. I have also had experience with high frequency equipment of the type that pilots describe to us they tried to use to get in touch with the object.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
just to the department of the air force

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only diagrams and illustrations. Based on the text in the image, it appears to be part of a Project Blue Book document, which was a US government project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the image reads as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather an excerpt of handwritten text from what appears to be a Project Blue Book report or investigation document. The text discusses details related to a sighting or encounter, including observations and perceptions of the witness. There are no human faces or identities mentioned in the text.

The transcribed text from the document is as follows:

"I have read over the book & would call the same a UFO. In the daytime there were several of them and a large one. These a) got as big as 27 ft. or more in the sky, they could hover and turn at all angles very noiselessly. They made maneuvers and figures through the sky at great speed that ordinary planes cannot do. I was on the local side road just west of hwy. 3127 in Plaquemine, La. and know what I saw. I think you for your interest and sincerely thank you for your help."

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. The page is mostly blank, with only the text "3 Sept 67" written in the top portion.

OCR output:

3 Sept 67

- page 7 -

The image appears to contain a black-and-white photograph. The photograph shows a mountainous landscape with a dark, shadowy area in the foreground and a lighter, hazy background. There are no identifiable human figures or other clear objects in the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the handwritten text "3 sept 67" in the upper left corner.

35 sept 67

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing an unidentified object or objects in the sky. The image is labeled "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and is marked as "UNCLASSIFIED". There does not appear to be any other text or information visible in the image itself.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document with the text "3 Sept 67" handwritten at the top.

3 Sept 67

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a handwritten text that appears to describe the size of some unspecified objects.

One includes three (3) 8"x10" objects and two (2) 2 3/4" x 3 3/4" objects.

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a black-and-white photograph of what looks like a cloud formation or atmospheric disturbance. The background is mostly empty, with the exception of some dark shapes or objects at the bottom of the frame. There is no human face or other identifiable individuals visible in the photograph.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the handwritten text "3 Sept 67" in the upper left corner.

Performing OCR on the text:

3 Sept 67

- page 14 -

The image provided does not contain any obvious human faces or identifiable individuals. The image appears to be a scanned document or photograph related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book. The image shows a black and white photograph depicting a landscape with mountains or hills in the background and some smaller specks or objects in the sky. There is no text visible within the photographic portion of the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 15 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO) that was observed on September 3, 1967 in Plaquemine, Louisiana. The image is accompanied by text that describes the analysis of the photograph, which indicates that the image showed an unidentified object that was positioned in the center of the frame. The analysis notes that the unidentified object appeared to have a blinking/pulsating motion, which was attributed to camera movement/vibration recorded by the Polaroid camera used to capture the image. The text also mentions that the photograph was provided to the Air Force along with an enlargement of the image.

TDPT (UFO) Maj. Quintanilla/70916/nhs/30 Dec 67
UFO Observations Photograph September 3, 1967
Plaquemine, Louisiana 70764
1. Reference your unidentified flying object observation and subsequent photograph of September 3, 1967. Photo sunlight was accomplished by photographic experts at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, following your request.
2. Analysis of the photograph showed the unidentified image to be generally round in shape and positioned in the approximate center of the frame. It was noted that the unidentified image appeared to be blinking or pulsating, and this condition resulted from camera movement/vibration recorded by the Polaroid Swinger camera. The source stated that the object had a "pulsation" - that is, the unidentified image appeared to be blinking or pulsating, and did not move fast enough to stop motion. The photography indicated the camera shutter recorded was the small camera movement/vibration induced image displacement that occurred when the experts experimented with the photography. The Chief of Quality Control, indicated the unidentified image to be as described.
3. Enclosed are your Polaroid photograph and one enlargement. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

- page 16 -

The image appears to contain a Polaroid 'Swinger' print and corresponding negative, which were analyzed in this photo analysis report. There is no human face visible in the image.

OCR Output:
PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT 
NR 67-85
DATE OF REPORT 29 NOV 67
SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT - PLAQUEMINE, LOUISIANA
LOCATION Plaquemine, Louisiana
DATE 3 September 1967
PHOTOGRAPHY
AF IR
P NRS One Polaroid 'Swinger' print and corresponding negative.
1. PURPOSE: This report is in reply to Work Order Number 67-120 submitted by Major Goldfein, requesting photo analysis on a Polaroid photograph purported to contain a unidentified flying object photographed on 3 September 1967, at Plaquemine, Louisiana.
2. ANALYSIS: Analysis of the photograph showed the unidentified image to be generally elongated in shape and positioned at the approximate center of the frame format. It was noted that the unidentified image, a portion of a building roof and foliage in the foreground, exhibited some indistinct detail as illuminated by the Polaroid camera. This condition resulted in the overexposure of the Polaroid Swinger camera. The source stated that the object had a "fast forward speed" but, if this statement is true, the photography indicates the camera, and the object recorded, were not traveling at a high enough speed to stop motion, the photography indicates the camera, and the object recorded, were not traveling at a high enough speed to stop motion.
PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
JOHN N. SHEMEFIELD
Intelligence Research Specialist
APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM L. BAKER, JR.
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
WITNESS:  
GEORGE B. JONES
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO TDST/UFO
ATTN OF: UFO Observation 3 Sep 67

TO: Mr.
Plaquemine, LA. 70764

Reference your unidentified observation: The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 18 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Please allow me to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

"please feel free to
ask me about this report.
I would also like to
add one or two slight
corrections to the report.
It is though with my
picture found as no time completion to the record.
I thank you for your help and look forward to
an answer to mine about
my report. Thank you.

Yours truly,
[Redacted]"

- page 19 -

The image contains a handwritten letter describing an observation of a UFO. The letter mentions that on September 3, 1967, a glowing red object was observed traveling across the sky. The observer states that they took pictures of the object, which was about 200 feet or better in size and moved at a fast forward speed. The observer expresses interest in receiving a reply about any additional information or more questions regarding the incident.

Now, as an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

To the department of us air force of defense

Dear Sir, I enclosed inside for a picture on negative of a UFO which was seen in the early evening about 5:30 pm on September 3, 1967. The UFO looked like a glowing red object traveling cross ways on a northwesterly direction. It took this picture with my 35 mm camera and I could not tell because of its direction of travel that this observation was made by myself only. I am mr. Charles M. Pierce field not shown and the picture was not too good but was traveling at a fast forward speed. I would like a reply as soon as possible about any incident or as to any questions you may have about more information.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a filled-out questionnaire form related to a UFO sighting. 

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. The moon was pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
a. About the same

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp or clearly defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flare or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a technical information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Information obtained from these questionnaires will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? SUN SEPT 6? 67
2. Time of day: 5:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 6 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTD OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 164. Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 22 -

