The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a filled-out Project 10073 Record Card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 1-6-55
2. LOCATION: NORTON, CONN
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2045
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Visual
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 0 SECONDS
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Very bright, solid, light gray obj. Shaped like a boomerang. Approx 100' across this & 25' thick.
9. COMMENTS: The witness probably saw a meteor of unusual size & brightness.
10. CONCLUSIONS: Was Astronomical Meteor Possibly Astronomical Possibly Astronomical Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 10,000 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street, Noroton, City, State Conn.
TELEPHONE NUM: (redacted) 
What is your present job? Physicist, employed at the Biograpical Memorial Planetarium, Stanford, Conn.
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school (Type)
c. College in Civil Engineering, Other special training "Advanced course in Physicial Chemistryfm
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionaire: 21 Aug 1957. Note: Similar questionnaire like to have at 1955 or to 1956 per date on six (6) sets of these 15 sheets, to be used as follows: in determining patentability or preparation of new U.S.C. and whether to properly report the care of the Secretary of The Fairfield County Astronomical Society to discuss the preparation and for any qualified use of the members.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, likely containing a questionnaire or interview form.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Partly clouded, c. Overcast or heavy clouds, d. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind, b. Slight breeze, c. Strong wind, d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Day, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember
35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? CYT 1951
36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 (Circle One) Yes, No
36.2 (Circle One) Yes, No Please list their names and addresses:
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 (Circle One) Yes, No. Then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
An U.F.O. of unknown nature or cause.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather two illustrations. The first illustration shows a curved line with an object above it, and the instructions ask the viewer to imagine that the object is a UFO and to draw how they believe the object moved based on the curved line. The second illustration shows a larger sketch of a landscape with a person standing in the middle, and instructions to refer to this larger sketch as an example of how to complete the previous illustration.

Text transcribed from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show its position when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying over a city/field?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was looking at the doible circles in the sky and noticed it

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation):
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 10 degrees.
b. From horizon 10 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 100 degrees.
b. From horizon 110 degrees.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "Y" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One:) 1. Head of a pin 2. Silver dollar 3. Basketball 4. Dime 5. Grapefruit 6. Baseball 7. Half dollar

22. (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22: 
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. If the answers you can give to the next question are uncertain, tell us what you saw, or what you would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it if you were to construct a model or models of the object or objects when placed in the sky would give the same appearance as what you saw? How large would it be, and what shape would it be?

Material - dull aluminum. Plan view as in #17. Say 100 feet thick, flying a stationary flight, possibly a half mile between one static and one nautical mile, at a speed of one mach.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified object. The sketch shows a simple curved shape with no additional details.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None heard.
b. Color - Light gray.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can such as wings, projections, size, and a specifically unusual trails or vapor trails. Please indicate if the object was in motion.

[The hand-drawn sketch depicts a simple curved shape with no additional details.]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Fairly distinct
                   c. Sharply defined
                   d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

OCR output:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None heard.
b. Color - Light gray.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can such as wings, projections, size, and a specifically unusual trails or vapor trails. Please indicate if the object was in motion.

[Hand-drawn sketch of a simple curved shape]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): b. Fairly distinct

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document or form with questions and answer choices related to the observation of objects during night, twilight, or dawn. The text in the document appears to be a questionnaire or survey used in Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Output:
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many (very)
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight = pitch dark
d. Don't remember
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember
10. IF IT was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile's headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car?) b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other _less than "c"_
11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (NO) Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (NO) Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes (NO) Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes (NO) Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes (NO) Don't Know
f. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes (NO) Don't Know
12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (NO) Don't Know If you answered YES, then tell what
13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what_milky way and other stars_
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Don't Know
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (YES) No
b. Sun glasses (YES) No
c. Windshield No (YES)
d. Window glass (YES) No
e. Binoculars (YES) No
f. Telescope (YES) No
g. Camera (YES) No
h. Other

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer the questions as fully and accurately as possible. The information you give will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
JULY, 1952

2. Time of day:
HOUR: 3:00
MINUTES: 30
(CIRCLE ONE): A.M.

3. Time zone:
(CIRCLE ONE): C. Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
NORTON, Connecticut

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
MINUTES: 5

5.1 (CIRCLE ONE): B. Fairly certain

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(CIRCLE ONE): A. Bright daylight

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(CIRCLE ONE): B. To the right of you

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting.

27 October 1959

Dear Mr. ****,

I acknowledge and thank you for your letter dated 6 October 1959, addressed to the Civil Air Patrol, concerning an unidentified flying object sighting at Norton, Connecticut on 9 October 1959.

A preliminary analysis of this sighting suggests you observed a "moot or unusual aerial phenomenon, possibly for the first time through binoculars." The fact that it was seen through binoculars would indicate a relatively clear identification.

In order to complete a final analysis and/or evaluation of the sighting, your original letter needs expansion and in some instances clarification.

I am enclosing a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet for you to complete. In addition, under remarks on page 10 of the form, will you please answer the following questions:

1. What was the angular estimation of the size made through the binoculars or with the naked eye?
2. If angular estimate of size was made through the glasses, is this estimate of size made through the glasses?
3. What is the field of vision of the witnesses' binoculars?
4. How wide or narrow a sector was observed a meter through binoculars?

When the form is completed, will you please forward it direct to Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. They will then complete the evaluation of your sighting and you will be advised of their conclusions.

Many thanks again for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

/s/ LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. Based on the text in the document, this appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

4. A preliminary analysis of this sighting is that the witness observed a meteor of uncommon brightness, and probably for the first time through a binocular. There was also a possibility that the object was an exceptionally clear sighting.

2 Incls:
1. Lt Col L. J. GAP
Colonel, USAF
AFGTN-4e
2. 8 Oct 58 - MAC fm 184.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

Oct. 6, 1953
Noroton, Conn.
C.A.P. and A.A.F. 
Jolling field,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dear Sir,
As the head-lecturer at the Edgerton Memorial Planetar. of the Stamford (Conn.) Museum and Nature Center, I have always car-ried questions from the audience about "Flying Saucers" with the statement "Never having seen an U.F.O. I cannot say." Will you consi-der the following and let me know if I saw an U.F.O.?
At close to 9:30 P.M., E.D.T. Sunday Oct. 5, 1953, while observing the double cluster in Cassiopeia with a 4 inch telescope, I suddenly shot into my field of view a faintly luminous area, shaped like a parabolic crescent, trailing the horns. The shape remained for a few moments and then seemed to swing (or trail) or in other words, curved swept-wing-like. It managed to keep it in the field of the binoculars until it was cut off by my house, be-ing at a point near Beta Pegasi.
Its intensity was uniform over its area and well above that of the background of the Milky Way, but not bright and was unvary-ing while I saw it. It was about 0.5° to 1.0° across the horns, and its speed was uniform, covering about 40° in less than 2 seconds, and its path appeared to be a straight line.
During this period of observing, "seeing" was the best I've seen in months. with the binoculars I was able to see M31, M13, M15, and Asteroid 47 (Iris). The temperature had dropped from over 70° F in mid-day to about 50° at this time. No one else was with me.
May I please have your comments?

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a cover sheet for a Project Blue Book UFO sighting report from Stanford, Connecticut.

COVE SHEET
DATE SUBJECT TYPE
(U) UFO Sighting, Stanford, Conn.

ROUTING
In Out In Out In Out In Out
Office Office Office Office
DI-21 DI-21

SAFIS-3, Attn: Maj. Tacker DATE: 21 October 1958
FROM: ARGIN-4B COMMENT NO:1

1. The information contained in Mr. Maj. F- telex needs expansion, and in some areas clarification, in order for the Air Technical Intelligence Center to complete an analysis.

2. It is suggested ATIC Form #14, U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, be sent to Mr. - for completion.

3. It should be pointed out to Mr. - that the following additional information would be desirable:

a. Was the angular estimation of the size made through the binoculars or unaided eye?
b. If angular estimate of size was made through the glasses, is this an estimate of a portion of the angular field of vision?
c. What is the field of vision of the witnesses' binoculars?
d. Has the witness ever observed a meteor through binoculars?

AFHO 27 MAY S 0-86 PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED. GPO 306341

- page 13 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

HEADQUARTERS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
BOLLING AIR FORCE BASE, WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

SUBJECT: Attached letter from Dr. -------
TO: Major Larry Tacker 
Office of Information Services
Office of the Secretary of the Air Force
Room 1D369 of Defense
Washington 25, D.C.

1. Pursuant to the conversation held with Dr. ---------, we are inclosing a letter received from Dr. --------- dated October 6, 1958, for your attention.

2. Inclosed is a copy of our reply to him.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

/s/ JAMES W. HICKMAN
Chief of Information Services

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with handwritten notes and a stamp that says "DISBVLICHED OCI 53 06 7 2:28 VAIC".

Here is the text found in the document:

A preliminary analysis of this sighting is that the witness observed a meteor or uncon¬mon brightness, and probably for the first time through binoculars. This could present an exceptionally clear sighting through binoculars.

2 inches
1. 3" fr cap
6x 16 jet 58
WTIC 1080
Robert Jenard Seay
22 Oct 53
DISBVLICHED
OCI 53 06 7 2:28
VAIC

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to perform OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

(2) UFO sighting. Stanford, Conn.

21 October 1958

ATTN: Maj. Racker

AGIN-kh

1. The information contained in Mr. - ATIG form 1 ch. V, Pt. I, Air Force Technical Information number to AMC (Air Technical Intelligence Center) is being forwarded for technical analysis.

2. It is suggest that the following additional information be sent to the letter.

a. It should be pointed out to Mr. - that the following additional information is requested in the remarks section for completion of the ATIC form.

b. What was the angular size made through the binoculars or with the unaided eye? If the angular size was made through the glasses is this an estimate or if a portion of the angular field of vision?

c. What is the field of vision of the witness' binoculars?

d. How long was the witness observed a meteor through binoculars?

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. It does not contain any photograph, only text. Here is the text from the document:

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

The report of an unidentified flying object you submitted on 6 October 1956 has been evaluated and the official opinion of the Air Technical Intelligence Center is as follows:

The most likely explanation for the object reported by the spark trail is that the object was reported as being greater than the actual size and being pointed such that it appeared similar to the shape of an artillery shell. The fact that the object was reported as being greater than the actual size is not uncommon and being pointed so that it appeared similar to the shape of an artillery shell does not preclude further investigation as a possibility.

Thank you for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [REDACTED]
Norton, Connecticut

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text at the top.

H. K. GILBERT
TELEPHONE LIST
AFCITR-4-E

- page 18 -

The image provided appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output:

ORIGIN OF BASIC CC 1 SHEET DATE SUSPENSE SUBJECT (U) UFO SIGHTING, NORTON, CONN. ASSIGNED BY ROUTE DATE TYPE SAFIS-3, ATTN: Maj. L. J. Tucker DATE 29 NOV. 1952 FROM AFOIN-4E1 COMMENTS (USE REVERSE IF NECESSARY) AFOIN-4E1/Maj. R. J. Freund/ac/69236/MAJ 823 1. The official opinion of the Air Technical Intelligence Center is that this sighting/thing cannot be positively identified from the data presented. The fact that the width was reported as being greater than the apparent size is a contributing factor to the lack of firm identification. 2. The angular velocity of 10 degrees per second reported by the observer is, in conjunction with the other reported information, a possibility. 3. Contributing factors to the non-recognition are: a. Surprise. b. Short time of observation. It is the opinion of this office that such an experience could startle a person with more training than the average observer. The initial experience for witness observing meteor through binoculars were more striking than the subsequent observations of the same object.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Aircraft. Balloons. Airships. etc. American skies. Fri:Mar 7. night.

Other:

Evaluation of Source Reliability This source seems reasonably reliable, based on the level of detail and the official nature of the document. There is no obvious indication of bias or unreliability.

Analysis and Conclusions: This report describes a sighting of an unusual aerial object or phenomenon. The details provided suggest it was a genuine observed event, rather than simply a rumor or unsubstantiated claim. The conclusions indicate that the object did not match known aircraft, balloons, or other familiar aerial phenomena, and that its behavior and appearance were anomalous. The report recommends further investigation and observation of similar cases to determine the nature and origin of the object.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

UFO Analysis Sheet
Location: Norton, Connecticut
Date: 5 Oct 1955
Hour: (2) 1:30
Description: VERY BRIGHT YELLOW-GREENISH LIGHT, APPROXIMATELY 20' IN DIAMETER, BECAME BRIGHTER AND BRIGHTER AND THEN FADED AWAY.
Direction of Motion: AWAY TO SSW, SLOWLY, APPROXIMATELY 50°
Satellites: CABOT, MA Phone: 69319
Astronomical Phenomena: METEORS, PLANETS, ETC - NONE VISIBLE WITHIN 70 MILES PER OBSERVER.
Radar Analysis (AFCIN-4E1): NIL
Natural Phenomena: BALL LIGHTNING, ETC - NOTHING CORRESPONDING TO OBSERVER'S DESCRIPTION.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with handwritten text.

in reply to the questions on the enclosed carbon copy of a letter from Major Tucker, are the following:-

1) The angular estimation of the object observed was through the binoculars.
2) It was an estimate of a portion of the angular size.
3) The field of vision of my binoculars, when focusing on the object, is close to 5°.
4) I have never seen a meteor through binoculars.

N.B. There was no trail or brighter portion or change in intensity.
There are no search lights in this area. There was no haze or clouds.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which seems to be a report or document from Project Blue Book.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may recount information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments.

NAME: (Name is redacted)
SIGNATURE:
DATE: OCT. 31, 1955

At close to 9:30 P.M., E.D.T., Sunday Oct. 9, 1955, while observing the double cluster in Perseus with a pair of 7X50 binoculars, there rapidly shot into my field of view a faintly luminous area, resembling a probable celestial crescent, trailing the horns. The size remained constant, no motion or trail (no rotating, boomerang or a swallow gliding or tail) or in other words, curved swept-wings. I managed to keep it in the field of the binoculars until it was out of sight, being at a point near Beta Pegasi.

Its intensity was uniform over its area and well above that of the background of the milky way, but not very bright, and did not vary while I saw it. It was about 1° across the horns, and its speed was uniform, covering about 10° in about 4 seconds, and its path appeared to be a straight line.

During this period of observing, "seeing" was the best I've seen in months. That night I was able to see M3, M5, M13, & Iris (ast.?).

The text transcribed from the document is as follows:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may recount information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments.

NAME: (Name is redacted)
SIGNATURE: 
DATE: OCT. 31, 1955

At close to 9:30 P.M., E.D.T., Sunday Oct. 9, 1955, while observing the double cluster in Perseus with a pair of 7X50 binoculars, there rapidly shot into my field of view a faintly luminous area, resembling a probable celestial crescent, trailing the horns. The size remained constant, no motion or trail (no rotating, boomerang or a swallow gliding or tail) or in other words, curved swept-wings. I managed to keep it in the field of the binoculars until it was out of sight, being at a point near Beta Pegasi. 

It's intensity was uniform over its area and well above that of the background of the milky way, but not very bright, and did not vary while I saw it. It was about 1° across the horns, and its speed was uniform, covering about 10° in about 4 seconds, and its path appeared to be a straight line.

During this period of observing, "seeing" was the best I've seen in months. That night I was able to see M3, M5, M13, & Iris (ast.?).

- page 23 -

