The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
Downey, California
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
DATE-TIME GROUP: 23 August 1952
DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 3-4 minutes 
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object, very high, seen through breaks in clouds. Object seemed to trail smoke or exhaust. Descended at 30 degrees into cloud cover and was lost to observation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with handwritten text.

Please add here any further comments which you believe are important. Use additional sheets of the same size if necessary.

So far this can be proposed contained, I felt in considering this case, that it was, in the main, very well worked, and a commendable an account as could be given. The case is, of course, a very unusual one, quite distinct from the normal run of UFO reports, and in a way, perhaps, almost unique. However, the witness impressions as noted, and the good description of the details observed during the incident, are, I think, quite remarkable, and reflect considerable credit on the percipient. The witness is obviously a responsible person, whose statements appear to have been honestly and carefully given. While there are, no doubt, many points which could be queried or questioned, the overall impression gained is one of a genuine observation, with no apparent attempt to over-dramatize or "spice up" the report. The fact that the witness re-drew the sketch from memory, as specifically requested, and that this drawing apparently tallies with the original seen at the time, seems to me to be a point in favor of the account. The shape, relative sizes, and disposition of the various components of the "device" as described, do not, in my opinion, suggest a hoax or fabrication. The apparent lack of any obvious or discernible motive for a hoax, taken with the general tone and content of the report, also incline me to the view that this was a bona fide sighting, the details of which deserve to be recorded for what they are worth. I realize, of course, that such cases defy easy explanation, and that the temptation will be great to attempt to rationalize or "explain away" the more puzzling aspects. However, I feel that an open, objective and unprejudiced attitude is called for, even in the face of the undoubted difficulties of interpretation. More information would be needed before any firm conclusions could be drawn. In the meantime, I recommend that the report be filed for future reference, bearing in mind that, in the present state of our knowledge, many UFO reports may well contain elements which we are at present unable to account for in conventional terms.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter dated August 11, 1952 from Downey, California addressed to "Civilian Saucer Investigation Los Angeles, California" regarding the sighting of an unknown object.

August 11, 1952

To - Civilian Saucer Investigation 
Los Angeles, California

Subject: Sighting of Unknown Object

Dear Sirs:

On the evening of Aug. 8, 1952, at approximately 19:55 hrs. a Civilian
standing the first 17th of this month of the Central California we observed
Downey, California. At first, both myself and myself it was a weather balloon, but after I located the object in the field glasses, I realized it was extremely high flying object, although I couldn't make out any shape that
resembled an aircraft.

I kept the object in the glasses for a period of approximately five minutes, as it was gradually drifting southeastward, disappear from this object sighting (drifting gained speed slowly at 30 degrees to the original object course 270 degrees) and it seem to lower in altitude slightly, this object appeared to have the colors of the first stars (appears to have the morning which is thought to be south) that left the original object was about one quarter the size of the original. When color of the original reappeared slightly enlarged, yet when seen with the naked eye appeared to have the color of the first stars to appear in the evening, which is thought to be south as against us assured ourselves it was moving.

It followup was an extremely (military) that was flying extremely high and
released a rocket powered aircraft, as I have read about in magazine. then
after it soon, still because the sun was still shining on it, and explains the color.

If I have given you this kind, then I have sighted something that I ( ) have sighted for your records. Either way, I would appreciate an answer to this letter, as I am quite a student of your organization, and have this first sighting in nearly two years of intermittent observation, that I have seen anything I consider to be worth reporting to you.

Please be advised that I have been a pilot (civilian) since 1930, but in
three years I have not sighting fuil.P.Cadets during the last World War, and have not flown for over two years, as pilot. I am 45 years of age, and have lived in Downey, California, around this area for 27 years.

Yours sincerely,
[Redacted]
Downey, California

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a "Tentative Observers Questionnaire" document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects.

TENTATIVE OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE
SECTION A
1. When did you see the object:
1.1 Date: 19th August 1952
1.2 Time of Day: 7:55 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
    a. Eastern
    b. Central
    c. Mountain
    d. Pacific
    e. Other _________
    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess
2. Where were you when you saw the object?
Postal Address: Downey, Calif., U.S.A.
Additional Remarks: _____
3. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane e. At sea f. Other _____________
3.1 Were you: (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country/desert? d. In a thickly wooded area? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that contains a questionnaire with text responses.

As an OCR system, I have produced the following text from the document:

Page 2

4. How did you happen to notice the object? It was suddenly by my self, while working, that I saw an unusual crossing overhead.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? Several days after observing it, as I had to obtain the address to do so. 

SECTION H

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Standing in the front yard, preparing to go home. 

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Merely visiting and discussing business.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No
IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
7.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

- page 5 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North 
b. Northeast
c. East 
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and 8.1):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain 
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One): 
Yes
No

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass
b. Through windshield 
c. Through binoculars
d. Through telescope

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Think or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One):
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One):
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

12. Estimate how long you saw the object? ___ Hours ___ Minutes ___ Seconds

SECTION C

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

12.1 circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
a. Certain
b. Fairly sure
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look? (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:
(Circle One for each question)
14.1 Change direction? Yes / No / Don't know
14.2 Change speed? Yes / No / Don't know
14.3 Change size? Yes / No / Don't know  
14.4 Change color? Yes / No / Don't know
14.5 Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
14.6 Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
14.7 Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes / No / Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless? Yes / No / Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes / No / Don't know

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound: None
16.2 Color: Bright salmon or gold

17. IF there were other objects, when how many were there? Refer to original letter.

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Have behind something?  (Circle One) Yes / No / Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text output from the document:

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea or smaller
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Beach ball
e. Office desk
f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19.:
a. Certain
b. Fairly/certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain 

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? No guess feet.
20.2 How far away from you? No guess miles or feet or yards.
20.3 How fast was it going? No more than miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Very certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly b. Gradually c. Other d. Don't remember

SECTION D
22. In the following sketch, place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (Ceiling) when you first saw it. Place an "X" to show where it was when you last saw it.

Overhead
    A
  
      X
Horizon
You

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document that includes instructions and questions related to sketching and describing the motion and shape of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

The text in the document reads:

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was then you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
   B
         A
Horizon      Horizon
    You

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.
Motion not discerning. Too high.

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

SECTION B
26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes or No
26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Describe your observation and any idea as to what the object was. +• care1 out and flonted. at- a rapid rate of speed, seemed to be rotating. dark color.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Street City  Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job? Beef Cattle Buyer
Age 40
Sex Male 
29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mr. & Mrs. *****
Downey, Calif.

- page 10 -

