There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. LOCATION
Dallas, Texas
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Grdound-Visual
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2
9. COURSE
NNW
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
SIGHTING

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a handwritten document or page. As per the instructions, I will act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

There is no discernible text in the image. The image appears to be a blank or heavily redacted document page.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text that appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted the following text from the image:

2 - 4mf- cnf , x ^^-^-^ •'•*•

N^t-i^i-^tmi'M r ,

Oiu- diujnt t-Q-
uihitii

- -\n
it

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

INTER/UFO (M-25) Quintanilla/70916/rhe/25 Sep 67
UFO Observation & Photographs, Aug 9, 1967

Dallas, Texas 75223

1. Your letter of September 19, 1967 in which you reported your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation and subsequent photographic is acknowledged. Additional information on your sighting and your original negatives are needed to perform a scientific investigation.

2. Your letter indicates that three photographs were taken of the unidentified object, however, you forwarded only two photographs with your letter. The other photograph was taken.

3. Reference your letter of September 19, 1967 in which you requested the return of your photographs. Your two photographs are attached. An analysis has not been performed on them.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image shows handwritten text on what appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

Dear Sir,

I am extremely sorry about this story. I caused over my L.F.O. that seems that it was a little cause of some of your bigger things and more up a bite which seemed a short all it made at out and I couldn't out let them stand that way all at once. Do dam upset that I hurt you and I caused, Please for give me.

Sincerely,

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a black and white photograph of a forest or wooded area. There is no human face visible in the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the text "AUG 8 1967 Dallas, Texas" handwritten at the bottom.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

AUG 8 1967
Dallas, Texas

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a photograph showing an outdoor landscape or natural scene. It appears to be a black and white image with a grainy or distressed texture. The image is classified as "UNCLASSIFIED" and is associated with the "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" organization.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, with handwritten text at the top that reads "Lew Alen G. Hurst".

Lewis Allen G. Hurst

- page 9 -

The image appears to show a photograph of a wooded area or forest landscape. The image is grainy and does not contain any human faces. The image is classified as "UNCLASSIFIED" and is labeled as being from the "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC".

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text at the bottom that says "Walter Hyman".

Text from the document:
3610
Aug 9 1957
Walter Hyman

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed report from the 2596th Air Force Reserve Flying Training Center at Hensley Field, Grand Prairie, Texas, dated September 5, 1952. The report discusses an "Unidentified Flying Object" sighting.

The text of the report is as follows:

SUBJECT: (Unclassified) Report of Information on Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Director of Intelligence, D/SI
Headquarters USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-C/00
Washington 25, D.C.

1. In compliance with letter, Headquarters, USAF, AFOIN-C/00-R, dated 10 December 1951, the following information is reported to this headquarters by Mr. James Kelly, of the Dallas Radar Station, as forwarded.

a. Description: Two orange lights, moving at jet speed, no sound, one behind the other, traveling northwest and then southwest and after approximately 1 minute straightened out and continued toward the southeast approximately brighter than returned to its original glow. Altitude estimated at 1500 feet.

b. Time Sighted: 23:35, 27 August 1952.

c. Manner of Observation: Surface-to-air.

d. Location of Observer: W Long 96°45', N Lat 32°51', Gesl Transtel Drive, Dallas, Texas. Object first sighted approximately one-half mile to the west and 40° elevation.

e. Identifying Information on Observer: Mr. James Kelly, Technician Trainee at Gesl Telephone Company. Wife, Mrs. Kelly, works as telephone operator at Gesl's Dallas Home Office. Wife does not work. Average Intelligence.

f. Weather at Time of Observation: CIE 035/8/9/8

g. Other Activity or Condition: None reported.

h. Existence of any Physical Evidence: None reported. 

i. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

j. Location of Air Traffic: Very much aircraft activity in area going in and out of Love Field, but the object sighted was no normal aircraft.

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph depicting a forested or wooded area. There are trees and vegetation visible in the image. The image is labeled "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the frame, respectively.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION.AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a scanned page from a document. The only visual element on the page is handwritten text that says "Dallas, Texas".

Dallas, Texas

- page 14 -

The image appears to contain a photographic image showing an aerial view of a forested area. There are no human faces or figures visible in the image. The text at the top of the image indicates that this is part of a "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" document, and the text at the bottom indicates that the image is "UNCLASSIFIED".

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 15 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, with only handwritten text at the top that says "Dallas, Texas" and the name "Dallas Trpas" written below.

Dallas, Texas
Dallas Trpas

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a photograph of a wooded area or forest. There are dense trees and foliage filling the frame, with some open sky visible in the center of the image. The image seems to be of a rural or natural setting, with no human subjects or buildings present.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It only shows handwritten text that says "Dallas, Texa".

Dallas, Texa

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

"19. 2596th AARPFT0, Itr 519, Subject (Unclassified) Report of Information on Unidentified Aerial Phenomena.

2.  This report forwarded in letter form in lieu of AF Form 112. Normal distribution of Project Blue Book Report No. 115 was dictated under separate cover by Adjutant General's Office to all concerned.

Incl Copy to:
Chiefs, Air Technical Intel, Center
Cept. G.G. Cook 
Maj. Heron AP 
Cpl. Ja Air 11.es Dist

STANLEY L.WILLIAMSON
Captain, USAF
Intelligence Officer"

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with sections for "Observation" and "Brief Summary and Analysis".

OBSERVATION
None

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Case: 
Date: 
Location:

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it only shows handwritten text. The text states:

Case includes six (6) 5"x7" photographs and two (2) 4"x5" crayonigs.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document with text.

OCR output:

Delton, Texas
on or about March 3, 1954, at approx. 7:00 P.M.

- page 22 -

The image contains a handwritten document with a blacked-out or redacted object in the center of the page. There is no clearly identifiable photograph present in this image.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

the one that is that it was a thin flat object that was very slowly
moving forward and backward at a somewhat low altitude
the object was solid black in color and was approximately 50 feet long
and 12 to 15 feet wide. the object was observed for approximately 10 to
15 minutes as it slowly moved forward and backward in the sky. the
object was seen by three other individuals besides the reporting person.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

According to the text provided for context, this is page 24 of a document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. government investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the output of all the text found in the document:

(1
aicall cluss Lof

(and no piston of any kind

By this were be on or sount seen over

with a bright light on the fore part.

be 	n seen 	 any longer than 30 to -

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Output of the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text found in the document:

This document appears to be a handwritten report or account. The text seems to be discussing some kind of observation or experience, though the specific details are not entirely clear from the limited text provided. There are no easily discernible words or phrases that can be extracted with confidence.

- page 25 -

