There are no photographs in the document.

Text Output:
```
Country:  Chile
Report No. IR-42-50
AF-1562001-1
Subject:  Flying Discs
From:  Air Attache, Chile
Date of Report:  30 Mar 50
Date of Information:  current
Evaluation:  F-0
Prepared by:  Harry L. Mitchell, Major, USAF
Source:  Newspaper reports and personal observations of Air Attache Office personnel.

1.  Flying discs are being "seen" in various parts of Chile. First sighting was at
Punta Arenas, lat 53°06'S, long 70°53'W on 11 Mar at noon. Many inhabitants of the
city witnessed this phenomena which appeared northeast of the city and traveled toward
the southwest. Usual description was given--extreme altitude, silver in color, shaped
like a ping-pong ball. The Director of the Observatorio Astronomico of the University
of Chile, Prof. Federico Rutland, made a statement to the local press that what the
people were seeing was the planet Venus which is clearly visible this time of year at
that latitude.

2.  Second sighting of a disc took place in the Santiago area, San Bernardo and
Valparaiso on the 24th and 25th of March with the usual description given by the
local press being quoted in the local press.

3.  Third sighting of a disc occurred 28 March between 1330 and 1410 over
Santiago, Chile. Downtown area was crowded with people looking into the sky observing
this phenomenon. M/Sgt ... as was assigned to this office as a 502, per-
sonally observed an object traveling at an extreme rate of speed and altitude. (See
attached statement and diagram.)

COMMENT:  On 29 March this observer saw a silver colored, stationary object in the same
relative position as was witnessed by the local populace the preceding day, and after
careful observation concluded it to be the planet Venus and not a flying disc.

Professor Rutland (par 1) repeated his statement to the press today that the
object had to be Venus.

Local press has headlined "Flying disc" dispatches from all countries
reporting sightings.

HARRY L. MITCHELL
Major, USAF
Assistant Air Attache

APPROVED:

JAY P. THOMAS,
Lt. Col, USAF
Air Attache

file 503. 

1 Incl
Statement and diagram
of M/Sgt Patterson
```