The document contains a photograph.

Here is the OCR of the text:
```
UNCLASSIFIED	

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 	
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WASHINGTON 	

24-109	

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects	

TO: Director of Special Investigations 
Headquarters, U. S. Air Force 
Washington 25, D. C. 

1. SYNOPSIS: An unidentified flying object was observed over the town of Oak Ridge, Tennessee from 1245 to 1300 hours, 5 December 1950 by two (2) persons.

2. DETAILS: Between 1245 and 1250 hours, 5 December 1950, Mrs. Turner, secretary at the Security Division, Oak Ridge, Tennessee while standing on Tennessee Avenue at the west end of the bus platform across from the Post Office, observed an object over the top of the Post Office building, flying in an easterly direction at a slow speed, at an distance of approximately two (2) miles and at an altitude of about 500 feet. Mrs, Turner stated that the object was north of her position. In the words of Mrs. Turner the object was a "brilliant satellite, as aluminum or highly burnished metal that reflected the light, shape round, flat or disk like, and appeared to turn slightly to the left or southeast and when turning the appearance changed and the light was no longer reflected by the object and it appeared smaller and dark gray in color, but no change in speed." The object left no definite trail; however, on the edge of the left side of the object a misty "halo" could be seen. The object flew a straight courses and no noise could be heard. The total time of observation was about sixty (60) seconds.

At about 1300 hours, Mrs. ____ Oak Ridge, while in her yard, observed an object described similarly with the one observed by Mrs. Turner with the exception that the object was moving vast when she observed it.

On 7 December 1950 Mrs. ___ Meteorological  Division, Oak Ridge, Tennessee stated that the following weather conditions prevailed at 1300 hours on 5 December 1950: wind was from the east at 6 OWl, the sky was clear, visibility twelve (12) miles, temperature was 46 degrees Y.

UNCLASSIFIED
```
