There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned document from Project Blue Book containing handwritten text.

NO CASE INFORMATION (COPY)
December 1950
San Diego, California

UOLUMESCO ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS
GENERAL OFFICES: 739 TURNER STREET - LOS ANGELES 12 - CALIFORNIA

Dear Mr. Valle,
I have just finished reading your interesting book and should like to tell you what I have while serving in the U.S. Navy. My rating was that of Aerographer 3/c (Meteorologist) and during periods of carrier duty, I served at the U.S. Navy Fleet Weather Central. I spent two years of the 31' Light Cruiser, attached to the Staff of Rear Admiral Richard L. Cochrane's group in the South Pacific. Upon discharge from Western reserve U. in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1948. On the 27th of November, 1950 I was recalled to active duty with the U.S. Navy's Fleet Weather Central. The sighting I am about to describe occurred about the middle of December, 1950. I remember that it was just before Christmas - a clear, bright day. The meteorological group at the Weather Central decided to make a pilot balloon launching to gather wind aloft data. I was detailed to handle the theodolite, while two other assistants handled the balloon. The day was perfect - warm, no cloud cover and calm - I believe the time was early afternoon. We normally charted data on the balloon drift. On this day, when the balloon had reached approximately 12,000 feet altitude, the theodolite operator called my attention to what he described as a round metallic object pacing the balloon at what appeared to be around 20,000 feet. The object was without vapor trail and appeared to be motionless relative to the balloon. I observed this phenomenon for some 15-20 minutes until the balloon passed out of sight. I can state with certainty that the object was metallic, round, and without visible means of propulsion. Unfortunately, we did not have any cameras or other photographic equipment available with which to record this sighting. I hope this information will be of interest to you.
Sincerely,
[Signature]