The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official document from Project Blue Book. 

Based on the text output from the OCR system:

UNCLASSIFIED 
ELG/JSR/sa 
UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT
23 March 1950

CASE NO. 1023 
MEMORANDUM TO THE OFFICER IN CHARGE:

On 23 March 1950, at approximately 1600 hours, Andrew J. Reid, Civilian Intelligence Officer, Security & Intelligence Division, Fort Monmouth, N.J., interviewed Mrs. Leola Frenckle, 11 Clever Lane, Ramson, N.J. in the presence of Virginia McNally, Secretary, and she further stated that she was riding in her car on Ridge Road, Fair Haven, N.J. on 6 March 1950, shortly after 1700 hours, to meet her husband. As she was driving along the road, she noticed three persons in the sky - writing and seeming to plane as though possibly it could be a queer formation of clouds. A car stopped here, and she and those were riding said she noticed their interest as to the same object. This car stopped for a short distance from hers and she continued to watch the phenomena in the sky, which she described as three luminous round forms hovering and moving as if by some intelligent control through the sky. The objects appeared to be luminous and seemed to be a density of "sky-blue" colored gas. 

Mrs. Frenckle further stated that she could not estimate the height or speed, as she had no conception of distance or speed in the air. The objects proceeded to Atlantic Highlands in an easterly direction toward the Atlantic Ocean.

After returning from the railroad station, with her husband, she telephoned the Rumson Police Headquarters and asked Patrolman Otto Peart, on desk duty, if anyone had reported any unusual phenomena in the sky. She then reported the incident to the Provost Marshal Office at Fort Monmouth and the Army News Service, N. J.

Mrs. Frenckle further stated that she drew an illustration of the objects she saw in the sky. (Photostatic copy attached.)

1 incl - Illustration.

ANDREW J. REID, CIV. INTEL. OFFICER, SECURITY & INTEL. DIV., FORT MONMOUTH, N. J.

UNCLASSIFIED