The image does not contain any photographs. The text appears to be a description of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred near Bogalusa, Louisiana on August 19, 1950 as part of Project Blue Book. The text describes the appearance of the object, its movements, and the witness's observations. There is no human face or person identified in the text.

Text extracted from the document:

"FLYING SAUCER", AND NEAR IT'S MOTOR-
A witness, who lives about 6 miles east of Bogalusa, Louisiana, while driving down what might be described as a "country road" and reaching up to her right, to the seat, were many tall, stately, ping trees, saw an object, about 40 to 50 feet long, and shaped like a "flying saucer", about 400 to 500 feet in the air. 
At 5:40 p.m. on August 19, 1950 (the Saturday), while enrolling down what might be described as a "country road" and reaching up to her right, to the seat, were many tall, stately, ping trees, she noticed the object directly overhead and exclaimed: "Oh, look there goes one". 
"Flying saucer" as it did not hover the object an quickly as the did, but it was more concerned with what I heard than with what I saw. The thing did not have a motor, and there was no sound at all, and this fact, coupled with the swiftness of its movements, makes me think that, unlike the conventional type "propjet" gasoline motor, they did not have any sound or "roar" at all because there were no explosion occurring of any kind. When it first appeared, it was flying rather low, about 400 to 500 feet, but it was only a matter of seconds if disappeared altogether. In view of the noise the thing made, it would appear that we should have heard it before it got directly overhead. It suddenly decided that this was a time to back home, and because of the many tall trees down our right, we were talking, and became of the many tall trees on our right.
Regarding my allowance for height, etc. the "saucer" appeared to be rounded, and not square, at each end. The center was a round object, about the size of a 55 gallon drum of oil, and shaped or of the color of old gold.
in view of the noise the thing made, it would appear that we should have heard it before it got directly overhead. It suddenly decided that this was a time to back home, and because of the many tall trees down our right, we were talking, and became of the many tall trees on our right. 
Flying up or out of sight so rapidly, it was not an common sight to see those things, apparently flying them. I tried, after it was gone, to look at the sky where it disappeared, but we could find no further verification of this fact, and my sister-in-law confirmed that this was the first one they had seen.