The image appears to contain a photograph or illustration, but there is no human face visible in the image. The image shows a diagram or sketch depicting the flight path and description of an "unconventional aircraft" observed near Redstone Arsenal in Alabama on July 15, 1950.

Transcribed text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Report of Unusual Incident

Type - Unconventional aircraft
Place - Redstone Arsenal, rear right porch of Civilian Bachelor's Quarters. 
Date - 15 July 1950
Time - Approximately 1700 Hours

Witness - [REDACTED], employee of Chief Signal Office, Washington and [REDACTED], Fire, Engineering Aide, Ordnance Rocket Center, Redstone Arsenal.

Account - Mr. [REDACTED] first noticed the non-conventional aircraft in the sky about thirty degrees North East of the right hand corner of Civilian Bachelor's Quarters. Flying at approximately 1,000 feet elevation at a judged air speed of 100-125 miles per hour in a level flight. The object appeared to be constructed of some shiny polished material, reflecting the sun's rays, and circular in shape, perhaps slightly larger with a tapered effect.

Direction of flight:
The object appeared to be constructed of aluminum, highly polished, so to give a very brilliant light. Although, it must be noted that the weather at the time was very overcast and a slight thunder storm was directly behind the object with no sun rays possible.

In regard to the flight of said object: It followed a line parallel for approximately 5 to 8 miles, when object reached a line parallel with the Quarry pit located on the North West side of Redstone, the object appeared to first be in some type of flight trouble, that is to say the triangles were seen to move or flop, one the leading section turning in a clock-wise motion and the rear section in a counter-clock-wise motion. This action was noted for both turning about 30% of a complete revolution, both burning about 25% of the time this action was taking place. At the termination of this action, the object resumed its level flight parallel to the ground, then abruptly it made a sharp 75 to 90 degree turn to the right and accelerate with high speed to take its complete one of view in less than 5 seconds.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED