The image does not contain any photographs, only text from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

AMC 197 did 11/24/50, to CO, Third Air Div, S/O Russell, Eng, Sub: (Cont) Reports on Unusual Sightings.

The unusual speed and rate of climb reported can be accounted for by the fact that the sightings occurred was the witness at one place and appears at another with relatively minor local changes in the atmospheric conditions. Thus, the erratic movements of the scope image from one place to another and the unusual speed indicates the disappearance and appearance of echoes due to local changes in atmospheric conditions rather than the movement of a radar target.

The echoes described are considered to be very similar to those obtained on the scope of an AN/SCR-584 at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in 1950. Fighter aircraft were vectored towards the spurious echoes at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, but no contact was made by the fighter pilots. However, the echoes reported on 11/24/50 were considered to be responsible for the various echoes and the changing conditions of the clouds to have caused the signal strength to fluctuate and to appear to be moving at various speeds.

Another similar report was received concerning the area at Oak Ridge, Tennessee. In this report, the type of radar set used and the current meteorological conditions were unspecified. Fighter aircraft were vectored over the various echoes and the plotting personnel reported several perfect interceptions. However, the pilots reported nothing on both sightings and nighttime interceptions.

The Air Materiel Command will be interested in receiving the report which was stated to be in preparation. The most interesting part of the report would be photographs of the scope patterns obtained. If photographs were not made of the scope patterns for the sightings reported in the event of any future sightings, photographs in the time event of any future sightings.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

HAROLD F. WATSON
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Department

UNCLASSIFIED