The image contains a photograph of a hovering object in the sky, described as a "semi-sphere" that was reddish in color and the rest of the thing below it. The photograph was taken on April 23, 1950 by a person named Dean Morgan. The text describes the object and the circumstances around the sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

NO CASES (INFORMATION ONLY)
SPECIFIC: Project Blue Book File No. 29
Hurlbut Bldg. Cremes photo--14 Apr 50 23 April 1950
Ref. Doc.: Lafayette, Ind.

The RED BUD, ILLINOIS Photo
(See Front Cover)
By DEAN MORGAN  

Although this photo was taken on April 23, 1950, it has not been published until this date because of the original ridicule to which the photographer was subjected. As FLYING SAUCERS, he has made a print, available to us.  

On April 23, 1950, I was walking along the edge of the woods in the hills where the RED BUD, ILLINOIS is was a hunting club. I was a hunting member since it was up and we were hunting for wildlife and get some wildlife shots. Of course, counting through the brush in broad daylight was no way to get wildlife pictures. I really just wanted to hike a little and take some pictures of any wildlife I might see. As I came down the south side of a hill, the woods broke away into a clearing on a side hill. Standing on a small stonewall was a semi-sphere which was hovering above the ground. It was about thirty feet in diameter and maybe 6 to 8 feet high. It was a reddish in color, and the rest of the thing below it seemed to be clear metallic substance. The object stopped, and hovered motionless, just over the hills. After a few seconds, it again started moving upward. Once more it stopped and hung in mid-air over the hills. Only now did enough shock wear off to permit me to move consciously. I wanted to rush over and get a closer look, but the object moved away from me and over the trees. I quickly caught the object in the viewer, and snapped the shutter. Immediately, the thing took off at a tremendous rate of speed and was out of sight in a flash beyond the horizon.

I wondered about this strange sight and just what I had seen. It seemed to me that perhaps I hadn't really seen anything at all. My arm was trembling so violently that I could hardly keep the camera still to take any more shots.

What do I know about it? Not much, I'm afraid. I can only say that it was about thirty feet in diameter, a semi-sphere in shape, reddish in color, and made of some kind of metallic substance. As for its performance--it hover ed and moved off at a tremendous rate of speed. I simply couldn't believe my eyes. Was it a flying saucer? I don't know, but I do know that I saw something that day that I shall never forget as long as I live.

We was about four chances for sighting of about the same story on that day.  A newboy named Donald Gent saw a round object, hovering, then suddenly shoot off in some deliveries south of town. He stopper before the Greene residence, which was right next to the High school, where I made my sighting.