The image appears to contain a report page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The report details an incident that occurred on November 18, 1949 when a First Lieutenant from the 4th Reconnaissance Squadron observed an unusual light in the sky over the Florida Keys.

There is no photograph included in this particular report page.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS: (Cont'd)

Pilot: On 21 November 1949, First Lieutenant, 4th Reconnaissance Squadron (VLR) Weather, McGellan Air Force Base, McGellan, California, made the following statement relative to an unusual sighting on 18 November 1949:

"On the 18th of November 1949 during a routine Dark Dew Weather mission, I sighted an unusual light.

At about 1940 hours Pacific Time in the evening, a brilliant light appeared through the sky from a heading of approximately 270°.

The aircraft, at the time, was on a heading of 140°. I, the weather observer, was the first man to notice the unusual phenomenon and called Lt. McClellan's attention to it, who in turn notified me. When I did look out the window, I saw a brilliant light shaped somewhat like a large cigar on a downward path heading toward the ocean. However, the light was suddenly extinguished in about 10 seconds.

I have no idea of what the light may have been. At first I thought it might have been a falling star, but the phenomenon lasted such a long time and the light was so large in relation to falling stars, that I eliminated the possibility of its being a meteor. I dismissed the possibility of
it being refraction or reflection, since there was no unusual interference with radio transmission or reception during the flight.

5. On 3 January 1950, Staff Sergeant, Weather, McClellan Air Force Base, McClellan Air Force Base, California, stated he had been on a Dark Dew mission on 18 November 1949, but could give no information relative to the object sighted.

"NOTE: The position is located in the rear pressurized compartment of the aircraft. There are blinders located on both sides of the compartment and one on top, but no forward visibility.

6. On 13 January 1950, Staff Sergeant, Radio Operator, 4th Reconnaissance Squadron (VLR) Weather, McClellan Air Force Base, McClellan, California, stated he had been on a Dark Dew mission on 18 November 1949, but could give no information relative to the object sighted, since there had been no unusual interference or disruption of radio transmission or reception during the flight."

UNCLASSIFIED