There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The page only contains text.

UNCLASSIFIED

1. Investigation was initiated by the District Commander, 13th OSI District, upon receipt of information that an unconventional aircraft was sighted on 6 January 1950. (Raytown) Kansas City, Missouri, had sighted an unconventional aircraft on 6 January 1950.

AT KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI

2. On 9 January 1950 1/Sgt MACARTHUR of the Provost Marshal's Office, KAAP, Kansas: telephoned and advised this office that a "Flying Saucer" had been sighted on 7 January 1950, at about 1930 hours.

Investigation revealed that the unconventional aircraft resided at the Bendix (Raytown) Kansas City plant and that the persons employed at the Bendix Aircraft Corporation, 95th and Troost Street, Kansas City, Missouri, had sighted the object.

3. On 10 January 1950 Mr. BOO was interviewed at the Bendix Plant. Mr. BOO stated that on 6 January 1950, he and an employee of the Bendix plant punched the time clock at the Bendix Plant at 1926 hours and left the building to go the main entrance. He went on to say that as they emerged from the building and walked across the street, they noticed what appeared to be a star but closer observation convinced them that what they were viewing was an unconventional craft or some type. He described the object as being round in shape, although "no definite lines pertaining to shape were visible". He stated that it was brilliant white and that a bright red glow surrounded the object. This red glow was observed from the center of the object from time to time and at other times from the outer edge of the object. This red glow was not constant. He estimated that the object was in view for approximately 5 to 8 minutes and that its size appeared to be 4 to 6 inches in diameter. Its speed could not be estimated and it appeared to hover in one position for a period of 10 to 15 minutes. He noticed that the color flickered and the red flashes continued. This was observed from THEIR vantage point. According to Mr. BOO, two men had traveled to obtain a better view. From this point, according to Mr. BOO, the beacon of the object could be seen and the outline of the object was more clearly defined. The two men had proceeded to a high point southeast of the Bendix Plant but did not see the object again. They then proceeded to a high point southeast of the Bendix Plant but did not see the object again.