There is no photograph present in the document.

Below is the text from the document as an OCR system output:

```
UNCLASSIFIED.

Subject: Unconventional Aircraft sighted in vicinity St. John's
Newfoundland, 31 July 1950

which it appeared to split into two portions and dissipate before
any angle of descent was noticed. It broke up in mid-air much in
the manner of a disintegrating comet. I first noticed it at approxi-
mately a 45° angle to my left and it crossed before me and disinte-
grated at approximately a 45° angle to my right. My window faces
magnetic South.

Pepperrell Air Force Base was
questioned and stated at 2205 local time, 31 July 1950,
and I left the NCO Club. We followed the sidewalk that
runs along the north side of the NCO Club. We were facing in a
westerly direction. Upon coming to the end of the club building,
called my attention to a flame that could be seen in
the air. No object was discernable. The general direction of
travel was Northwest. The estimated altitude was between 5 to 6
thousand feet. Approximate distance from the NCO Club put ;object,
I would say, over the west end of Quidi Vidi Lake. The object ap-
peared from the general direction of Cabot Tower and seemed to disa-
appear near the top of Kenews5 Hills. In my opinion, the burning charge
was of a rocket type. The flame was of a bluish color changing to
reddish orange at the tail of the flame. At one point the flame
seemed to renew itself as though fresh charge had been set off. It
is possible that the object could have passed behind a cloud cloud.
The weather at the time of sigting was good. There were some strata
clouds to the west and some sound clouds overhead. Cloud coverage
was about 5/10. Stars were visible. The object was not travelling
at a great rate of speed. The object was seen for no longer than
15 seconds.

Constable and of the Royal
Canadian Mounted Police were questioned and made statements sub-
stantially the same as that of

CARL M. SWENSON
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Air Inspector

UNCLASSIFIED
```