There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
January 12, 1950

I make this statement to LAWRENCE A. APPLEBY, to whom I know to be a Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, United States Air Force.

On January 6, 1950 at 7:50 P.M., an employee of mine and myself left our place of work. As we walked toward our car we noticed a very brilliant object in the sky sending out a very good reflection. At first glance it seemed like a star but on second notice we were positive it was an airborne object visible to both of us and some other sources. This object was a very brilliant white and flickered some what like a star. It seemed to hover in one position at the center of the object and steady at times. The outer edge was sometimes the color of fire and at other times you would see a bright flash as it passed in front of your eyes. This said the object was about constant but would be seen at intervals of nearly five to twenty-five minutes of sighting.

As to the shape or size of the object it would be hard to say definitely. The brilliant color was round and seemed to double in size, estimating its distance at 50 miles and height 5000 to 4000 feet, it was six to eight inches in diameter. Speeding back and forth it seemed to hover for periods of about ten minutes at a time, gradually descending in altitude of about 5000 to 4000 feet continued west, southwest. At first sighting estimated the speed not over 10,000 feet.

After sighting the object from the parking lot in front of our plant we drove about ten or twelve miles south to a high point. We kept it in sight up to this time and then watched it for about ten minutes. During this time the object seemed to hover. We noticed it was visible only the color flickerings, and the red flashes continuing. Then it started moving in a southwesterly direction, at this time we drove back over the same route and kept it in sight half the way back then it disappeared. We continued to observe and try to obtain sighting again, but it appeared no more. At another high point and the object was not visible. The object also was not comparable to an airplane, dirigible or balloon of any type. As to the length of time of sighting it was approximately twenty five to thirty minutes.

Signed:

Witnessed by:

I concur that all the above statements made by _______________ are true.

UNCLASSIFIED
ROBERT V. VAN DE VYVERE