The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object. The text portion of the document appears to be a report on an encounter with this object, providing details such as the object's movement, altitude, and appearance. As an OCR system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

that this had happened, Colonel Shafer decided to chase the object in an F-51. Colonel Shafer reported to the observers at various times during his climb to altitude and said that at no time during the climb did the angle of elevation (about 40°) between him and the object vary, neither did the azimuth vary. According to Colonel Shafer, the object was at an altitude of between 38,000 to 39,000 feet, according to his radar, and the object was observed during the entire flight.

Colonel Shafer stated that he climbed at the maximum permissible rate, but that the object remained at a constant distance from him. When seen from the ground, the object did not change its position in the sky. Colonel Shafer stated that he reached an indicated altitude of 38,000 feet but that he could not approach the object and decided to discontinue the pursuit since his oxygen supply system maintained a pressure altitude of only 30,000 feet. He did remember that as he gained altitude the intensity of the object increased, but this only strengthened his opinion that the object was at a great distance.

The astronomer notified Colonel Shafer that the angle of elevation and the general bearing of the object corresponded with the position of the planet Venus at this time of year.

Comments of Intelligence Department Representatives:
8 March 1950 was the plane of Venus. Mr. Barnes, who first observed the object, is on the Headquarters staff, and this incident no doubt affected his duties. A morning mist was present on 8 March and this mist may have caused the appearance of a luminous sphere traveling at a rather high rate of speed. It is shown by photograph that this object was observed before sunrise (at approximately 0600) and that the sky was beginning to become quite bright, and that the movement of this object was similar to the appearance of the planet Venus when first visible in the morning.

Mr. Barnes notified several other people to this story could be confirmed; however, all of these witnesses saw the object at approximately the same time, which is 1600-1700, and watched it ascend in a direction from NNE to SSW. This corresponds to the general direction of Venus. It is therefore concluded that the object was, in all probability, the planet Venus, and that some unusual phenomena such as peculiarities of light refraction gave the appearance of a luminous sphere traveling at high speed.

DEGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFICATION AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED