There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a Project Blue Book report.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output:

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS: (Cont'd)

Arisona. This installation is controlled by the aforementioned scientists. Claims to have visited the installation on one occasion and in order to enter were instructed to discharge a one-piece overoll suit. When passing through a door, an alarm rang, and it was determined that the alarm was set off by a silver object on his person, it was not determined what the silver object was. The craft installation where he saw two small two-piece saucers. The occupants of the craft amidst were dressed, but the other were in a perfect state of preservation. The uniforms of all the occupants were indistinguishable and of material foreign to earth. They were shoes of a substance similar in thickness and texture, to human skin. These shoes appeared to be quite descriptive of the craft as having tripped landing gears with ball and socket devices. There was no indication as to the means of propulsion, though it was felt that two positions to the craft from the deck and caused the balls in two of the legs to sink when the craft was landed. It was concluded to submit the facts mentioned to: That this motion was to assist the craft in a low take-off from the men and fell to the ground. The interior of the craft, according to the informant, was a series of buttone and controls. A small radio was present which he believes is the one which he claims to have obtained from the craft at the time device, consisting of two metal discs made a complete revolution every twenty-eight (28) days. He told that his the brought the device to Denver with him. The stated that the scientists had told him that the device had been proven to be a piece of metal back to Denver with him. The Stated that the scientists had done many tests on the device and been turned over to Defense by Air Force representatives. One of whom was a three star General. According to the informant, he would not divulge the name or names of the scientists involved. During the meeting at the Ford Motor Company in Denver, he told the group that one of the engineer occupants had been removed and placed in the Conserved Institution, Chicago, Illinois. He mentioned for public display. He stated that the room had been utilized in order to display the calling on a friend of his, connected with the Smithsonian Institution, and requested information that the craft that the scientists were reviewing. He further stated that the story figures regarding flying saucers to him since early October 1949 and the last experience was by an official of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, in Washington, who stated that he was assigned from any further reference to flying saucers. He considered to be of excellent character. a non-drinker, and not known to be addicted to the use of narcotics. He further stated that he believed none of his story to be true and had no explanation for his apparent hallucination, if deemed necessary.

UNCLASSIFIED