There is no photograph present in this document. It appears to be a typed letter from an Air Force Intelligence officer at Hamilton Field, California, describing an unidentified flying object sighting on February 7th, 1950 while traveling on a train near San Jose, California.

The text of the document is as follows:

ATTORNEY AT LAW
San Francisco 
Telephone YUKON 6-6600

February 9, 1950

Army Intelligence 
Hamilton Field
Marin County, California

Dear Sirs:

I have just seen the article in the San Francisco Chronicle of February 9th, 1950 relative to a "flying dream come" reported over the Alameda Station on Tuesday, February 7th, at about 5:30 p.m.

At about 5:50 on Tuesday evening, February 7th, I was riding on the southbound Southern Pacific Commuter train, which reaches San Jose Station at 6:00 p.m. Riding on the right hand side of the train I saw as 6:50 p.m. or 6:55 p.m. of San Carlos about a mile or more west of the track at the time and quite high and appeared to be shaped as a triangle or V. It was silent and there was no exhaust but what looked like a tail or fire - probably because the object was reflecting the setting sun which had dropped behind the hills, illuminated either the object itself or the trail it left behind. The object appeared to be progressing in a straight line which is rapid, as it is a non-stop train from San Francisco to Palo Alto. As the train progressed south, it picked up in speed and gained in distance until it disappeared. 

It was lost to sight at that point because, as I said before, I was too far to the right on the train to see anything beyond that point. Because I was too far to the right, I could not get a clear focus at that point to see if there were any distinguishing features such as color or number, but what I did see was enough to make me feel certain that I saw an unusual object which I would describe as a thin streak of gray perceptible. Its general shape was about like this [no diagram included] The whole area or the triangle appeared a solid mass of grayish something - not only the outer edges.

Very truly yours,

/s/ G.S.H. Holmes
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY:
EDDY L.J. ROURKE
Captain, USAF