There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR output of the document as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

After a minute and a half the object was again sighted at the same
distance (5 - 10 miles) at approximately 35 to 45 degrees to the right
of the course pursued by the C-45. The object then came back to a point
Immediately In front of the C-45. Before assuming this course the object
seemed to oscillate to the right and left, a distance seeming to be about
one or one and a half distance of its width. Then assuming the course it
appeared to disappear directly In front of the C-45 by increasing its
speed until it was invisible. The entire Incident took place in approxi-
mately 15 minutes. Captain CHERNAVICH and Captain EDWARDS stated that they
had been airborne some 35 or 40 minutes or approximately 1650 when they
first sighted the object. These two pilot officers further volunteered the
following Information:

(1) The object was clearer when first noticed than at any
time during the following 15 minutes that they could
focus on it. The unconventional aircraft appeared to
be hemispherical or spheroid In shape of approximately
200 to 250 ft. in diameter. The object appeared to be
flat on the bottom, but this Is further explained that
the bottom half of the sphere could have been obscured
due to a black trail which appeared to follow the ob-
ject. This black trail appeared to be three to four
times as long as the object was in diameter precipitating
at the end of the smoke trail. (1-1;' minutes precipitation
rate) At no time during the viewing of the object was it
possible to determine its actual structure. The black
trail was very pronounced at the bottom. As proclaimed
by Captain EDWARDS, the object looked like an oversized
parachute with a large black object hanging below it.
The smoke trail would lag behind the object no matter
which direction it moved.

(2) The atmospheric conditions were as follows:

(a) The free air temperature was 15 to 18 degrees
centigrade.

(b) There was approximately 5/10 cloud coverage.

(c) The visibility was practically unlimited up to
a heavy haze that was pronounced in the vicinity
of the mountains west and south of the course
pursued by the C-45.

(d) The sun was at approximately 220 to 230 degrees
from the lino of flight. .. '.. l.r..--.
haev rad i;sa no tI've. .! front.. ir...assoc a' IV..
In the direction of the sun It appeared to be quite
hazy.

UNCLASSIFIED
```