There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or newspaper article about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

THE FLORIDA TIMES-UNION
JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
11 JULY 1950

If You Ever Had Even a Wavering Doubt,
This Kills It; There Are Flying Saucers
By DOR WATTERSON
Jacksonville, Florida
Maybe what I saw this morning was not
something that has been called a flying
saucer, but I am convinced that there are
some queer objects buzzing through the
skies at night, and I am not the only one
who has witnessed them.
Just after midnight last night, I was on
my way home from work. Something flew
over the car in which I was riding, and it
wasn't an airplane. It was a strange, round
object with a greenish glow, and it seemed
to hover for a few seconds, then shoot off
at a terrific speed.
The driver of the car and another person
in the car saw the same thing I did.
Friends of mine have told me about seeing
similar objects in the sky, and some of them
have seen them on several occasions.
One man said he saw three of the things
one night, and they seemed to be playing
tag with each other, darting here and there
at a terrific speed.
Another friend said he saw one of the
objects hovering over his home one night. It
was a clear night, and the object remained
stationary for several minutes before
zooming off.
Those who have seen the things say they
are not airplanes, for they move too fast and

have no running lights. It didn't need
running lights.
Another strange object seemed to come
up from beneath (from the starting point)
with a glow that turned brighter and
brighter until it seemed to stand still at a
rate something like one would wind an
electric clock - gradually winding.
The thing was curving toward the
northwest. As it neared the horizon, it
seemed to straighten out and shoot off at a
terrific speed. This was observed by several
persons viewed from the rear. And in the
growing light, the thing seemed to
disappear behind the trees and a bank, just
as a streak across the sky, similar to that of
a shooting star.
This was no trick of the imagination, nor
a reflection of anything. It was a thing that
zoomed across the sky, curving and
returning, with a glowing light.
Those who have seen the things say they
are not airplanes, for they move too fast and
have no running lights. It didn't need
running lights. To those who have not seen
them, it is hard to believe. But to those who
have, there is no doubt. They are there!

Special Agent in Charge
J. C. FISHER, 2-4307
JACKSONVILLE 1, FLORIDA