The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the "The Wyandotte Echo" from Kansas City, Kansas dated January 6, 1950. The text discusses a story of "Flying Saucers" from Venus, Ca*, coming to Earth by accident. The report provides details about two damaged ships seen by radar near the New Mexico and Arizona border, including the strange materials and clothing of the occupants. There is no mention of any human faces or identification in the text.

THE WYANDOTTE ECHO
Kansas City, Kansas
January 6, 1950

"FLYING SAUCERS" FROM VENUS, CA*, TO EARTH BY ACCIDENT, SAYS
FORD DEALER

The secret of the "Flying Saucers" is a secret no longer. Two
weeks ago a truck-load of Iowa and Michigan people came over
in Denver returning from Ogden, Utah. While there he called on the
manager and the assistant manager of "a firm" thereTheir
conversation was interrupted by a call from two engineers arranging
an immediate meeting. One of these engineers, a man named
revealed some startling information.

Says Saucer:
According to the story told he "crashed the gate" at
a radar station near the New Mexico and Arizona border after two weeks
of circling. Here they saw parts of two high secrettflying saucers."
One of these was badly damaged, while the other was almost perfectly
intact. These objects were space ships of an unusual design. They
consisted of two parts, a cockpit or cabin about six feet in diameter,
and a circular disc around two feet thick. Quick working this was.
They had a propulsionary system to lift and rotate the saucer while
the cabin remained stationary like the center of a gyroscope. The ship
had a blinding type striped landing gear. The cabin was constructed of a
metal resembling aluminum, but the actual make-up of the metal has defied
analysis. It apparently had a portion of the total metal in his possession, and
gave it to one of the "card men" with instructions to send it to the Dearn-
born plant plant laboratory to see if they could either melt it or analyze
it.

Crews Dead
Each of the two ships seen by were occupied by a crew of
two. In the badly damaged ship, these bodies were charred so badly that
little could be learned from them. The occupants of the other ship,
while dead when they were found, were not burned or disfigured, and
when they removed them, one of them opened his eyes! All two, ideal
specimens of physical perfection, were almost identical with Earth-dwelling humans, except for a few minor differences. They
were of a uniform height of three feet were uniformly blond, beardless
and their teeth were completely free of fillings or cavities.

Strange Cloth and Wood
The wood used consisted of a uniform wood, unknown on Earth,
and the threads in the clothing, seeming to be a sort of pre-woven
material, had six buttons, and the trousers were tight-fitting. Their
shoes were of a slip-on type. They did not wear undergarments, but had
their bodies had tight.

UNCLASSIFIED