There does not appear to be a photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, discussing an incident involving an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED

Forwarded for consideration as noted in para 2 of
Command Memo 52-7
A detailed study has been made of attached letter and
indicates the following conclusions:

1. The letter describes the sighting of a strange object at Selfridge AAF weather reporting station on 8 and 9 May 1950 for twenty-four hour period. In view of this, the following recommendations are submitted:

It is recommended that the following information be incorporated in reply to
Continental Air Command Attention: Air Force:

In regard to conclusions reached by Basic letter, as follows with conclusions:
(1) The flight characteristics of the object which included tremendous speed and accelerations, are consistent with the postulated performance of advanced experimental aircraft:
(2) the maneuvers observed in the sky, using precise control in three dimensional space, are characteristic of techniques which could be related to controlled flight:
(3) the fact that the 'object' was reported as remaining stationary in free space for a near-period of two hours tend to confirm the reported characteristics.

There is a conflict in data on the incident: one witness states that the 'object' made a noise while the other witness reported that it did not make a sound. This seems consistent with existing data on observed aerial phenomena. Other details appear to be an accurate representation of the reported incident.

At approximately 0745 two (2) airline pilots reported that they had seen a long maneuverable body in the sky on 9 March (See incl. 1, page 1). The same object was later observed to pick up speed and to disappear from the scene. The object was tracked on ground control radar at Selfridge AFB, according to this report, during its flight. At one point the object was of the approximate size of a 30 foot airliner, in the opinion of the pilots. The control tower personnel who observed this object confirmed the pilots' report. Although the radar could detect the object, the pilots could see nothing visually, except dim lights, at this point. Later, an F-51 attempted to intercept the object. It could not disrupt the steady, directed flight of the object. This information leads to the belief that this was a controlled and directed flight path, confirming the earlier conclusions of controlled techniques.

There appears to be no conflict in the position of the 'object' but the pilots could see nothing visually, consistent with the later, an F-51 attempted to intercept the object. It could not disrupt the steady, directed flight of the object. This information leads to the belief that this was a controlled and directed flight path, confirming the earlier conclusions of controlled techniques. However, at about 1130 hours, signals of large amplitude were detected on the radar scope to the approximate location of the target, and reported back, but strips of radar indicating concentric rings of slow clouds moving from the right of the screen, disappearing approximately 20,000 ft. This information is considered significant evidence that the earlier visual and radar observations were in fact unusual clouds, mirage formations, or other atmospheric phenomena causing unusual light effects and reflections back on the radar screens. There has been no evidence that unusual observations have been the result of anything other than such natural phenomena.

UNCLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10