There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document regarding an unidentified flying object sighting.

OCR Output:
Office Memorandum . UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO : MCIAXA
FROM : MCIAXA-1
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
1. Mrs. M. - - -, store in the Dayton, reported viewing a strange object in thesky over the Advertising Department of the Home Store in Dayton. She stated that the object was in the sky for approximately 1 hour and the undersigned to get further details on the instance.No name was given nor has any indication been given as to very intelligence in this conversation. The following details were reported:
a. Location: Object cited while driving automobile on Martinsdule Road at Frailey Pike approximatel 1/2 mile of Vandalla, time 0930.
b. Description: Mrs. M. described the object as spherical and estimated its size as about that of a dime held at arm's length. It was stated that the most significant fact reflected observation was that the object was perfectly stationary and there appeared to be no reflection from the object. The color was described as greyish hue and that it was completely motionless.
c. Investigations: The operations people were contacted and it was determined that no Air Force personnel droppings were made in this morning. The weather conditions weresuitable for balloon observation and it was felt that possibly a weather baloon could be in the vicinity. it was also pointed out that there was a remote possibility that the object could have been a large radio control weather balloons. These balloons are released at Chanute Field, Illinois, and also Toledo, Ohio. The wind at Vandalia this morning was from the northeast.
d. Dr. Boltan at the Air Institute was contacted to determine if possibly an astronomical explanation could be available. He advised that it would be impossible to sight any planets during the day at this time of the year. In view of this, no explanation can be made of the sightings other than the general explanation which is contained in the Intelligence Department report on this subject.
e. As a matter of interest in the connection, Miss-----, in Area G. Altitude was estimated to be at 1,000 feet when first sighted and climbed to approximately 10,000 feet. Description reported was that the object appeared to be a silvery color looking very much like a flying saucer. Miss --- stated that she felt that it was a small airplane taking off from Patterson Field which gave the impression of being a flying saucer due to the reflection of the sun's rays.