This page does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the OCR-produced text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATION

18 August 1950

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft sighted in vicinity St. John’s Newfoundland, 31 July 1950 by ____

TO   Commander 
Military Air Transport Service
Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: Office of Special Investigation

1. Synopsis:

Shortly after 2200 hours' on 31 July 1950 an unidentifiable object was sighted travelling in a westerly direction over the vicinity of St. John's, Newfoundland. No details of the object were visible and it appeared as a bright greenish light under the overcast. It seemed to break into two distinct pieces each of which became a dull colored light and then to disappear.

2. Details:

____ MACS Pepperrell Air Force Base was questioned, and stated that at 2205 hours 31 July 1950, I was in front of Building 805 driving Southwest along the roadway on Pepperrell AFB. At the intersection of Smelling Avenue and Cabot Avenue. He turned East and as he turned we looked South and saw a moving green light under the overcast. I stopped the car and saw the object going from east to west. It was travelling very fast. It moved in a straight line and I watched it for about 10 seconds. It was dark and all I could see was the light portion. It appeared as a small round light, very bright, but made no reflection on the clouds. I distinguished no sound; as I watched it broke into two distinct pieces and each became a dull colored light, then they disappeared. When it broke, the pieces kept going for a short distance on the level before they dropped slightly and went out without leaving sparks or any other visible trace.

____ Auditor General Department, USAF was questioned, and stated, at approximately 2200 hours 31 July '50, I was in my room in the BOQ looking out of the window toward Signal Hill which overlooks St. John's, Nfld. I saw an object which appeared in all details to be a comet going from East to West on a track south of my position. It was impossible to determine the distance to the object or its size. It appeared as a burning object with a long wake. I watched it for several seconds, after

UNCLASSIFIED

OWN 6RA0E AT  3 YEARa REMlAve^I
DECLASSIFIE3) AFTER 12 YEARS. V

DOD DIB 5200.10

AT222591 6637
```