The image does not contain any photographs. This appears to be a typed text document, likely an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD

PROBLEM
1. To inform the Air Staff of action being taken to investigate operational difficulties encountered in the operation of the early warning radar of the Continental Air Command at Knoxville, Tennessee.  

FACTS AND DISCUSSION
2. On 1 Dec 50, the Aircraft Section, AFOIV-V/TO, conferred with three officers from the Atomic Energy Plant, Oak Ridge, Tennessee. These officers were: Lt B. H. O. Dickinson, II, AFIT, Oak Ridge, Tennessee; Maj J. C. Earley, AFIT, Oak Ridge Representative, Oak Ridge, Tennessee; and Maj E. E. Robertson, AEC, Engineering Field Office, Oak Ridge, Tennessee. They were accompanied by Lt J. F. H. Lee, AFOIV.
3. A letter from Hq Third Army, subject: "Unconventional Aircraft," was discussed with them. These officers provided additional information on events occurring since 13 Oct 50. It appears that some form of unidentified radar phenomena has occurred at Oak Ridge which gives false targets on the screen. The discussion indicated that the false returns were due to weather. It was stated in the last Red Indian progress report that the difficulties are due either to:
a. Chemical impurities in the air  
b. Radioactive particles
c. Some form of radar phenomena.
4. The above-mentioned officers from Oak Ridge did not consider it necessary to inform the Department of the Army of the radar difficulties now being encountered until they could follow suggestions given to them during the discussion.
5. On Saturday, 2 Dec 50, approximately 1500 hours, Lt Col Willis was contacted by the USAF D/I Duty Officer concerning this problem. Maj J. P. Robertson and Brig Gen Bradner's office had been referred to the Duty Officer by General Bradley's office for a further discussion of the reports. Lt Col Willis called Maj J. P. Robertson again to determine what additional information could be furnished. Maj Robertson had no additional information. In view of the urgency of the problem, the Duty Officer at this time directed that a most practical thing to do at the moment, if it were of a serious nature, would be to request the Army to furnish a mobile radar unit capable of conducting an immediate investigation.

UNCLASSIFIED