The provided image does not contain any photograph, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

MAY 4 1956

A. M. Rochlen
Director of Public Relations
Clyde Modey Aircraft Company, Inc.
Glendale, California

Dear Mr. Rochlen:

This office is in receipt of the extremely able analysis performed on August 1950, and subsequently on August 30, 1950 and inter-
preted as an unidentified flying object photographed by Mr. ----- in the Green-House Studios.

As a result of your report, however, the statement attributed to Mr. ---- that a number of such incidents have reportedly been removed from the file while in the possession of the Air Force is without foundation. In fact, the critical AF review of the data was in damaged condition when returned to us.

We have reviewed, and that the final report was in damaged condition when returned to us, and that the original film and equipment are available for further inspection should it be requested. We can assure you that a frame or two might be lost in the process. Mr. ---- denied permission the followingday showing the local Air Force representative.

We certainly appreciate your sending us your report. The conclusions of which back-up the Air Force's "unidentified" rating on UFOs. The previous release of this report (Analysis of Aerial Object) is approved for any release you deem advisable, that is, all reports and sightings from 1947 to 1955. It includes the official Air Force investigation and special studies of the Air Force, and the analysis of the report by your staff of scientists and experienced pilots to the average man-on-the-street.

The Honorable Donald A. Quarles, Secretary of the Air Force, on the 5th of October 1955 publicly released the summary of the Project Blue Book Special Report No. 14. This summary (your report's equivalent) discloses the continuuing line of investigation from approximately 1/1/53 to 3/1/55. The "unknowns" are, of course, the prime target of continued investigative effort.

PERM
TEMP
90 DAYS
INITIAL

ATG FORM 1319 (REV 18 FEB 50)  ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET