The image does not contain any photographs. 

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION
UNCLASSIFIED
DATE: 2 December 1950

CIO, YAD & S. P. 0. Box 379, Knoxville, Tennessee

UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS OR RADAR SCOPES AT McGHEE TYSON AIRPORT, KNOXVILLE, TENNESSEE

AS 1755 hours on 29 November 1950, numerous unidentified paints (objects) appeared on the radar scopes at the McGhee Tyson Airport at Knoxville, Tennessee. These unidentified objects were picked up on the radar, located at the McGhee Tyson Airport, and were tracked by radar for an estimated period of two hours. The objects appeared to be traveling in the center of the "Restricted Area" north-west boundary and traveled southeast (as indicated on the radar scope); some of them tended to change directions slightly as they moved. It is reported that these objects may be influenced by the wind which was from the southwest at 5(6) miles per hour. These could not be identified as friendly aircraft and were not under control of the airport tower. A check was made with the Radar Stations from the original source, the objects appeared to gain altitude as they moved away, it seems a fruitless attempt to find identifications, and the controller was unable to verify the readings, except to change the frequency of the radar equipment. The controller could not lock on and hold the objects, he lost them several times and had to reacquire them. The information was verified by this person and a controller who covered the readings, except to change the frequency of the radar equipment.

The paints varied from 220 degrees to 330 degrees at from ten (10) to twenty miles (20) distance from the airport. They would disappear, paint bright and paint dim at various times. 

A typical installation witnessed by the pilots and control tower personnel was sighted. Certain unidentified objects were observed through and around, specific targets were vectored through, and around, and were vectored through, and around as instructed by either the pilots or the observers. Installation of Geiger counting equipment was contemplated on 30 November 1950, at which time representative from the USAF Division, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, came to the aid installation of the equipment. An analysis of the targets were visible on the radar scopes for two or three hours, and a few could still be detected on 30 November 1950.

The graph record of a background (Geiger) counter in the "Restricted Area" indicates a pronounced rise in Gamma rays at the same time. These Alpha particles and Gamma rays are unaccounted for at the present time. Atomic Energy Commission officials advise that there were no known "Argon releases" (Argon).