The image contains a photograph. The photograph shows an article titled "The World of Flying Saucers" from Project Blue Book, reporting on a sighting of a UFO when Venus appeared as a morning star. The article describes the incident, including details about the sighting, radar observations, and the subsequent investigation. However, the image does not contain any human faces, so I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals in the photograph.

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 31--THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

Venus as a Morning Star

One of the "best" UFOs of the year 1950 appeared when Venus performed in plain sight of the ATIC offices at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio [A. P.] P. 13:

About midmorning on March 8, a TWA plane, coming in to land at Dayton Municipal airport, was noticed to get into the traffic pattern when both pilot and copilot noticed an extremely bright light in the southeast. Much brighter and larger than a star, it appeared and disappeared in the high, thick, scattered clouds. The observer operators, who also noticed it, immediately telephoned the Ohio Filter Center at ATIC, which is constantly manned to watch for and to track any unidentified flying objects. ATIC technicians studied returns on the radar screens at the laboratory at Wright Field, and they hastily scrambled F-51s tried to intercept it.

The radar operators, who reported returns from both UFO and Pursuit planes, called the pilots and vectored them in toward the target. Both pilots could see the light at first, but when they had climbed to about 15,000 feet they found themselves in clouds so thick that neither could see the other plane, and the unknown was no longer visible. Since ground radar reported that the planes were getting closer to the target, the pilots decided to continue, in the instruments, but they separated to avoid the danger of colliding with each other.

flying conditions were far worse than they had expected and the planes were doing over 300 knots! Nonetheless, the pilots kept climbing until radar reported they were almost on top of the target, but it suddenly disappeared. It seems that if a solid object actually were ahead of them, the pilots would have collided with it, since they were going so fast and the object could not have suddenly moved far away.

Meanwhile, the ground radar reported that the target had suddenly appeared below the clouds and circled, hoping for a break in the overcast, until ground radar reported that the target was fading fast. The planes then landed. When the clouds broke momentarily, after about 15 minutes, a conference took place at ATIC that afternoon to discuss the identity of the mysterious light and the cause of the radar echoes. 

A check showed that the position of the UFO had been identical with that of Venus. The light, the conference concluded, had been Venus. One pilot later disagreed, arguing that the light had not looked like a planet and that it should have appeared, but did not, at the same time on the following day. The persistent movement, however, would have distorted the image and made it unlike the pale light of Venus which is normally visible, if seen through the distance. Nevertheless, some investigators found, both planes had chased something that came from the target area indicated by the radar.