The image appears to contain a document or report, but it does not contain any photographs. Proceeding to extract the text from the document:

Subject: Unconventional Aircraft Observed in vicinity of St. John's, Newfoundland, 30 July 50 
UNCLASS:
Like something hitting the ground. He did not think it was far away. In fact, he crouched and looked around thinking it might be the G.D.'s jeep on the mountain. 
On 31 July 50 at about 0315 hrs, APF. Mrld. was interviewed and reportedthat at about 2015 hours, 30 July 50 he was coming to the base in his car alone "Side wide". And above the hill, behind the base installation. It was approximately 30 to 45 minutes before moonrise. 
On the same night, Capt. Hill, who was on guard duty at about 400 yards traveling toward the ground. The object moved straight towards the ground. At about 450 yards, the object stopped and remained stationary for about 30 seconds. A yellowish green color, the size of a dime at arm's length. The actual size probably 15 to 20 feet in diameter. It then appeared to be a very hot flame and extended approximately 20 to 30 feet. This seemed to explode and then broke into smaller particles and disappeared in the clouds. It was so quick. The speed was too fast to notice changes in the object. It could see no markings. It was traveling at an extremely high rate, low over the ground until it disappeared behind the White Hills. It did not reappear. It made no noise. It appeared down behind the White Hills to the east. It did not appear as the motor but rather from out of the nowhere. He has seen some of the time. 
On 31 July 50 at about 0715, APF. Mrld. was interviewed and reported that at about 2015 hrs, 30 July 50 he saw something that flashed in the sky. It looked like a meteor to him. It was approximately the size of a baseball. It appeared to be falling very fast. It was short and flat, not a long trail or stream. No other life or trail or other visible control surfaces. All he watched, it disappeared. It did not seem to have any apparent control. He could no longer see the object when it disappeared and he received no further information. 
3. Action: Intelligence and Air Force Marshal at Newfoundland Base Command notified 31 July 1950.