The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an unclassified document related to weather radar research and a UFO sighting incident.

UNCLASSIFIED

Weather Radar Research
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Department of Meteorology

Room 24-520 
3-6784

October 6, 1952

Director 
Evans Signal Laboratory, SGEL
Belmar, New Jersey

Attention: Mr. William B. Gould
Meteorological Branch, Sfe:cs Section

Dear Mr. Gould:

We have finally discovered our records covering the "Flying Saucer" incident of 21 September 1950. The incident came about in the following way:

We had arranged informally with the Air Weather Service group at Otis Field on Cape Cod to track a pair of jet aircraft (F-94's I believe) at 35,000 ft. We were trying to provide them with information on thunderstorm activity and were conducting operational tests of our weather radar.

Field wanted us to do this, and don't in general approve of using our radar systems for operations completely disconnected with our regular line of work. This instance is, I believe, the only time we have had any such arrangement with them.

We had established radio communications with the jet aircraft on our airborne radar. The signals were a steady radar with no 2850 azimuth. As the accompanying plot shows, the F-94's were flying a straight line course at about 250 MPH indicated air speed towards the northeast (3330).

About three minutes after radar contact, we noticed another aircraft's signal which appeared to be flying a closing course with the F-94's. We motioned the F-94 pilots to watch out for the other aircraft which we indicated was closing on them from their first radar contact. But the two signals nearly merged, the "saucer" crossing the track of the F-94's about 1000 ft below them and some light haze above, so that the visibility near their flight level may have been poor.

The "saucer" then carried on a straight towards the northeast, accelerating to a maximum indicated speed of over 700 MPH, the equivalent of a true airspeed of nearly 1000 MPH. This speed was maintained for a long time, perhaps up to 12 minutes, before the target faded from our radar. The signal strength from the two F-94's was approximately two-thirds saturation. The signal from the "saucer" was at full saturation. 

The incident occurred on a clear evening and the "saucer" made no attempt to change course or maneuver, but maintained a straight heading. The pilots of the F-94's confirmed the presence of the unidentified target, and said that they had never seen anything approaching the speed of the "saucer" before.

We have not had any other such arrangement with the Otis Field radar since this instance. I believe this was the only time we have had any such arrangement with them.

UNCLASSIFIED