There is no photograph present on this page. Here is the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

10 March 1950 

NARRATIVE REPORT OF 

1ST LT  . , 661ST AC W SQ, SELFINDGE AFB, YICH. 

On the first occasion of noticing the strange object 3 Mar 50, 
at 2305, I had just come from the Self ridge AFB Officer's Club and 
as I turned down lright 31vd. on the way to the main gate I noticed 
a strange object directly over the Post Exhange Bldg., descending 
vertically at a slow rate. I stopped the car and watched this 
object descend to an approximate height of 5,000 feet, hovering 
there for approximate one (1) minute then proceeding in a westerly 
direction to approximately fifty (50) miles west of my position. 
Then the object turned south and flew approximately fifty (50) miles, 
then turned around and flew back north for approximately fifty (50) 
miles, then stopped and disappeared from my view. The above took 
place in four minutes (time checked with my personal wrist watch). 

True prospective was not possible because it did not diminish 
in size or intensity as it increased its distance from me. The 
movement was as stated above but I cannot state the figures given 
above as accurate, because of the false prospective. An airplane 
flew by on an approximate heading of 285° at 3,000 feet just after 
the object moved on a heading of 270°. It was easy to determine 
the relative size and the diminishing size of this aircraft (C-47), 
but the object in its course and completely faded at approximately 
eight (8) miles. 

The object was distinguished from an airplane by its vertical 
descent and its great speed in the lateral plane. It was distinguished 
from heavenly bodies by its rapid change in relative position from 
the vertical to the horizontal. Also its abrupt change in course.

The only way I can describe the light from this object is by 
comparing it to the light of a house window at night, at a distance 
of thirty (30) yards and the yellowish glow it gives off. The 
object had a slightly darker color and a greater intensity than a 
house light as mentioned above.

The object did not light up the area beneath it, although it 
seemed to burn with an extremely intense dull light, nor did it 
light up the surrounding light haze. In watching this object I was 
unable to determine the size, the intensity and the size of the light 
did not change appreciably (note noticeable to me) during the entire 
time I watched its movement.

Although I had just come from a stag party at the Officer's Club, 
I was completely sober, having only one glass of beer during the entire 
evening. Because of this, I did not mention this experience until 
3 Mar 50, the night I saw strange happenings on the radar scopes 
(A/CPS-4 and A/CPS-5 Radar).

UNCLASSIFIED 

DOWNGRADED AT 3 Y AR INTERVALS; 

DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 

DOD DIR 5200.10 00578
```