The image appears to contain a handwritten document with text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. There is no photograph present in this image.

UNCLASSIFIED
Spot Report of Unidentified Flying Object (cont'd) dtd 11 April 1950

4. Looking at the point where the flash had occurred, Sgt. Harrell saw a light approaching. At first he believed it was a plane which was at an altitude estimated to be about 7,000 feet. When this object approached to within about 4,500 feet, he noticed it was not a plane but a bright light which seemed to be spinning. No part of the object appeared to be spinning.

5. The object had a red glowing rim around the widest part. Behind that was a white shiny rim, and the interior portion seemed to be illuminated. The object had a constant and appeared to swing from side to side. The color was a bright red and had no element of orange in it. It did not appear to be a burning flame. It seemed to be a glowing color. There were no sparks emitting from the object at any point. It was definitely not a flare.  

6. The object approached from the South and came directly over the hospital. Estimating the size of the object, it compared substantially in size to a medium-sized automobile. When it was directly over the hospital, the bottom part appeared to be about the size of a flour barrel head or about 25 inches in diameter. The overall diameter was estimated to be about 25 feet.

7. Just as it passed overhead, it hesitated momentarily, and then made a sharp dip side-wise, following the line of horizon for about 100 feet, it banked again to the left and went toward the south. The object gained altitude over when it banked for the third time. The speed and acceleration with the object traveled was that of a baseball. Over the distance the object gained altitude and disappeared.

8. At no time were there any odors or sounds from the object. At that early hour of the morning, there were no other sounds which would have drowned sounds coming from the object.

9. Only one (1) object was sighted. It was in view for about 4 or 5 minutes. Sgt. Harrell stated that his impression was that the object was undoubtedly controlled by someone, and that the movement was deliberate.

10. Immediately after the object passed overhead, Captain Charles H. Harrell came up and asked him if he could see anything in the sky. Captain Harrell stated that he could see the object and said that he saw it.

FOR THE CHIEF OF AIR STAFF

UNCLASSIFIED