The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
SUBJECT: Sighting of Unidentified Airborne Object
TO: District Commander, 1st District GCI (CG)
FROM: Detachment Commander, Detachment "M"
DATE: 3 Oct 60
COMMENT NO.: (Cont'd)
The text of the document is as follows:

"Chance and taken the risk of losing the flight.
"The whole thing doesn't seem to make sense to me and when you reflect a moment about it. It was very evidently a deliberate interception of some sort on our flight, but what? The turn was utterly fantastic, I don't think the human frame could have done it, but if the object was radio controlled, it had no particular business flying on such courses on island grounds with mountains in the way enough to cramp any ordinary electric circuit. A few points indicate the puzzle that this object must have been entirely unconventional in many and basic respects. Perhaps the thing that bothers me most is that it gave a very good radar echo, which implies irregular confirmed and large size, large enough so the pilots might have had a good chance to see it.

"It seems highly probable that it may be poking into something that is none of my business, but on the other hand, it may be something that the Air Force would like to know about it if it doesn't already. I wish you would take the matter up with your intelligent people in TUTTLE and get their reactions. The whole business seems to me most extraordinary and I would like to know more about it or keep our mouths shut. Until I hear from you we will do the latter.

"Perhaps we could run another mission for the purpose of luring it out again and this time track it, or at least get your pilots good enough for a look-see. Should you never catch it I'm sure.

"There are many more little details which I haven't bothered to include concerning this mysterious scope indications and such.

"Please let me hear from you soon. 

Regards,"

The document also states that the matter was later discussed with TUTTLE by telephone, and that TUTTLE advised him that the matter was being considered confidential and that the Air Defense base would contact him concerning it. It also notes that to date, he has not been approached by anyone from the newspapers.