There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

"than the above phrase. According to the article
the U.S. Government came to the area, roped it off,
and closed all news sources on the event. Government
trucks moved in j and she was told witnesses to every-
thing moved out.
On March 24th, 1958, I wrote a letter to the ex-editor of the
Gouderaport weekly newspaper.. After telling him of my interest
in his life had returned from correspondence. She was a friend
tell weeks, I called the long-distance from Geneva, Ohio,
and told him I had returned from correspondence. She was a friend
of Mrs. Dorrell whom he had told about something he had seen.
She also checked on the story, which did not appear in the paper
at the time but appeared in the paper about one I had came across
for clipping purposes. I told him I would appreciate a reply from
him within a week if possible. I am still waiting for his reply.
Throughout a series of phone calls I picked up the fact that a wit-
ness allegedly heard a noise while working on his farm. He then heard an ex-
plosion and started running to the vicinity of the noise came from. This
man's name is he had moved, and at the time he lived near Hammonton,
since the incident (the man has moved from his location)
I made long-distance telephone calls too find an informed source,
a very good friend of the person I contacted regarding the first news-
case,. Point Pleasant Boro, New Jersey, (but he has neglected to get the first name in my
long-distance telephone conversation with him
the charges were made of nothing), and they got to the object before .
the police did. He and two people he brought with him, supposedly were
told to be quiet about the story. (A farmer named D. S. wept, that he
was supposedly watching in the vicinity, and they got to the object before
the police did. He is reportedly an employee of the U.S. Government, and
was to be quiet about the story."