The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a written report or document.

Text from the document:

even been a minute. It seemed to head right toward me, I was looking west, my left window was open ( I was driving a Dodge powerwagon) and I could see it much better.
It was larger than the largest plane I have ever seen ( A B-36 or B-29 is the largest I have seen, I don't know the size plane the air force has but have seen one with 6 propellers and I believe that it is the B-29.) It came slowly in a gliding matter, getting closer and closer, I thought at first it might be a tornado or a lightning bolt, I thought I would stop but then decided to proceed as quickly as I could, it came down in a slow glide ; then finally again without seeming to stop it headed back west, it seemed to bank just a little, the south end going up and the north end down, then it rededed and disappeared.
The third time I saw it was a few seconds later, it was headed south and maybe a little more south than west, this time it appear more as a round ball, but larger than before, looked like a large comet, then it disappeared. I was very excited and still driving as fast as I could, maybe ten miles an hour. ( The roads were soft and filled with water).
I reached the rig and told the driller and one of the roughnecks about it, they did not see nothing. On my way to the rig after the last view of the object I thought I saw a gray hill like mass in the distance looking west, looked like some scattered trees or bushes coming down, there are no hills in the area, my best estimate would be that the hill was 200 feet high, it appeared a mile away.
After being at the rig probably ten minutes it seemed to get lighter outside and two apparent patches of light to the south appeared. They were probably two miles away on the horizon. Four small clouds appeared in the lighted area to the west and they slowly settled to the ground, and disappeared.
The rain seemed unnatural, I can't explain exactly what I mean, but I did
appear to be level clouds to the north and east, and it appeared they were stationary and did not look like rain was coming from them, but still it was raining in that direction.
No one at the rig saw the object.
This is a true statement.

Written at 8:45 PM, Sept 17, 1950 at the location.