The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no visible photograph in this image.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

Dear Mr. Miller:

Captain Marley has requested that we answer your letter of 11 March 1953, since I am the individual to whom your request is in our area of responsibility.

First, regarding your request for color motion picture film of the Holloman Air Force Base sightings, I should like to point out that the Air Force does not possess any color motion picture film of these sightings. The only film that was taken was in black and white and consisted of a single frame motion picture and television kinescope frames. No continuous motion picture was taken.

Secondly, the motion picture frame and television kinescope frames have been very carefully studied by the United States Air Force and other agencies. An evaluation of these films indicates that they were taken of real objects and not of any trick photography or any other means of production. This indicates that the sightings were genuine, and the objects in question were of a nature that merited continued observation.

I should caution you, however, that good motion picture footage of unidentified flying objects is very difficult to obtain. As was pointed out in my letter of 16 October 1952, the observational conditions must be ideal and the cameraman highly skilled in order to secure satisfactory films of such objects. The small piece of film that resulted from the Holloman sightings provides only fragmentary evidence and would not be sufficient for sound conclusions on its own.

If you will re-read your letter, dated 11 March 1953, you will find that there is no mention of motion pictures or kinescopes. I should cite the Howard's incident, as it appears you requested information on that case. However, factual accuracy was made known to you that this was not confirmed by the Department of Defense.

Sincerely,
L.A. DEDGER J. TACKER 
Lt.Jg., USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services