There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

4. There are various versions of whose the targets first appeared, their movement and area of disappearance. It is impossible to determine any of the versions as such versions is from personnel who actually observed the scope. Only good scope photography can give the true story.

A study of the general surrounding topographical features and the radar scope pictures shows that the "strong echoes" (permanent echo returns) running in a continuous line from approximately 60° to 240° would prevent any ground targets being detected in this sector from 60° through south to 240°. Therefore, only ground targets in the sector from 60° through north to 240° could be expected to be picked up during these strong ground inversions or "ducting" conditions.

Some details of interest from the study of the surrounding topographical features reveal the following:  

1) The city of Knoxville is located in the sector of 0-30° from the radar station. The heat from the city would tend to counter-act the ground cooling and lessen the chances of ground "ducting" in this direction.

2) The region adjacent to the radar site in the sector 270-0 (Oak Ridge Section Reservoir) - This sector within a five-mile radius of the radar site is approximately 600 yards lower elevation. The change of index of refraction with height and time is the change in curvature of the light path being transported from the lake surface to the very low layers of the adjacent air during cold nights. Conditions conducive to abnormal refraction and probably mission characteristics in this sector during clear, cold nights. Special atmospheric soundings would be required to determine the magnitude of this effect.

CONCLUSIONS: 
1. The unusual radar returns in question are attributed to the atmospheric conditions prevailing at the time of observation.

RECOMMENDATION:
1. Continuous scope photographs should be taken during unusual radar return conditions.
2. Low level atmospheric soundings should be taken at 30 minute intervals by the Oak Ridge Weather Bureau Station during these unusual radar return conditions.

UNCLASSIFIED