There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR text extracted from the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

After watching it for several minutes it moved approximately 12 degrees
to the left very rapidly. Then it seemed to be travelling directly 
away from us and disappeared into the clouds. Several minutes later 
it reappeared approximately 30 degrees to the right of the spot where 
it disappeared, although at a seemingly greater distance away from us.
There it stayed while without moving to either side and then I lost 
sight of it. I did not see it again although I kept a sharp watch.
When the object moved it seemed to wiggle slightly although at that dis- 
tance it was barely visible. There was no evidence at any flame.

"I cannot describe it more accurately and will not venture any 
guess as to what it actually was, I would not say it was not another 
aircraft of a new type although it seemed much to large at that distance 
for a conventional type aircraft."

b. In addition to the prepared unsigned statement, Lt. VAN 
SANINEN volunteered the following information: 

(1) The object could not have been a cloud, meteor, 
celestial planet or aerostatic lift.

(2) Estimated the distance between the object and the 
C-45 as 40 miles; with altitude of 5,000 ft. and 
directly horizontal with tho C-45.

(3) Estimated the time in sight to have been 15 minutes.

(4) The appearance of the object was definitely a dark 
sphere shaped solid body with no apparent wings, 
stabilizers or other means of support. The distance 
between the object and the C-45 was too great to deter- 
mine the construction, propulsion or sound. VAN SANINEN 
was quite certain there was no smoke, contrail or vapor 
trail left by the object.

(5) Concerning the tactics or maneuvers VAN SANINEN stated 
that the object was a fine smooth moving craft which 
at all times seemed to horizontally remain at the same 
altitude and was at one instance noted as oscillating, 
and was definitely evasive in that the C-45 could not 
overtake it.

4. It is noted that immediately after the incident Captain EDWARDS
radioed (VHF) Blackstone, Virginia and made inquiry of the control tower 
operator if any report had been made of the unidentified aircraft. Then

UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
```