The image appears to be a page from a UFO investigation report. There is no photograph present in this image.

The text from the document is as follows:

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION CONDUCTED AT VANDALIA AIRPORT REGARDING SIGHTING OF "STRANGE OBJECT"

Mr. Albert E. Deyarmond and Mr. Fred Koebernick, representatives of the Intelligence Department, Hq. AMC, T-2 APB, interviewed a number of people at the Vandalia Airport in connection with the sighting of an unidentified object on the morning of 8 March 1950.

2. Names of people who were interrogated with regard to this phenomenon are:

a. Mr. George Barnes, Airport Traffic Controller;
b. Mr. C.A. Sheppard, (Dayton Power), Chief Airport Traffic Controller;
c. Mr. Sherman Seydlitz, CAA (Dayton Station) Chief Airport Traffic Controller;
d. Mr. Stevens, Chief, Weather Bureau;
e. Lt Colonel Dale E. Shefer, Chief, Operations Officer, National Guard Squadron at Vandalia Airport.

3. Interrogation of Mr. Barnes:

Mr. Barnes stated that at approximately 0650 he sighted an object in the direction of Dayton about 700-800 feet in the air. The reason for noticing this object was that it moved rather fast and seemed quite luminous. It appeared to be a bright ball and left a vapor trail in its wake. The vapor trail was approximately six times the object's diameter, and the end of the vapor trail was approximately 500 feet beyond the object. When the object finally stopped it was at a bearing of approximately 110 degrees and distance of about 2-3 miles. The object reversed its direction of travel and proceeded on a bearing of approximately 290 degrees and a distance of about 700-800 yards, and then stopped. The angle of elevation during this entire movement was approximately 30 degrees. After the object stopped, he decided to call several other people who also observed it through binoculars. Mr. Snyder, Mrs. Sealing, and several others were called to observe the object. The object reversed its position in the opposite direction as before, and its speed seemed to be decreasing. It was definitely going into the wind while rising, and its speed was terrific. It was definitely going into the wind while rising, and its speed was terrific. It was definitely going into the wind while rising, and estimates were that it could possibly have been made of aluminum. A TWA flight, No. 21, was in the vicinity about the time this object stopped its horizontal travel. The pilot was notified and requested to turn in a direction of S/SW. Pilot Miller radioed in that he had encountered the object but could not determine what it was. At about the same time the object had begun to ascend. If was kept in sight for about 2-3 hours by means of binoculars. The object diminished in size and finally disappeared from sight at a terrific speed. It was definitely going into the wind while rising, and its speed was terrific. At approximately 10 A.M. the object disappeared due to cloud cover closing in.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10