The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS: (Cont'd)

firm opinion of Mr. "Paul" and Mr. "Cash" that Mr. --------- does not have a "full picture" of what transpired, off his concern. Since the meeting with Mr. --------- he has been contacted by a Washington newspaper regarding the flying saucers, but told them that he would prefer not to comment with any such information at the present time and that they would execute a signed statement if deemed necessary.

Mr. --------- of Denver, Colorado, was interviewed on 19 January 1950. He affirmed the incidents as he had told Doctor Gimbel of the company and several others. He admitted acquiring to these persons information concerning flying saucers, but denied vehemently having had any metals or gadgets. He also denied mentioning any names regarding his meetings and associations. He stated that he had no part or flying saucers and his position was that he had not seen any since his earlier encounter which was approximately two years ago. He stated that he would not give any information that he considered detrimental to government and would not reveal any source.

ago, he was told by a source a month he had not been contacted by certain government agent who stated that if he had been contacted to verify any information that he gave out to be cautious and not to reveal everything he knew. Concerning the flying saucers he claimed to have been approached by at least three magazines and offered substantial sums for his flying saucer story. He has declined to reveal any information.

4. Mr. --------- , Field representative, Company, Denver, Colorado branch, was interviewed on 23 January 1950. --------- stated that he had been following the flying saucer incidents since early in October 1949 and described one of these saucers seen by a control tower operator as about 100 feet in diameter, reddish in color, and showed phenomenal performance that amazed those who saw it. He stated the speed of these saucers was around 100,000 miles per second. He had not connected this source of information with the sightings of Phoenix, Arizona and four other scientists. He told researchers who were either related to one of them, or a friend of some of them, that they had obtained a dinner invitation through Phoenix from the Wyoming group and kept in contact with these scientists and gathered quite a bit of information concerning the flying saucers were landing near Albuquerque, New Mexico, due to the attraction of the radar installation nearby. He presummed that the radar activity had an effect on these saucers since they were powered by a magnetic drawn from the atmosphere, according to the information he had been given. These saucers, according to --------- , have been transported to an installation near Phoenix.

UNCLASSIFIED