There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. However, the image does contain a text document that appears to be a Project Blue Book report. I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text content of this document.

UNCLASSIFIED 335591 -2

OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATION

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT
31 July 1950

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft sighted in vicinity St. John's, 
Newfld., 30 July 50 by Mr. Roland Hann.

TO: Commander
Military Air Transport Service
Washington 25, D.C.
ATTN: Office of Special Investigation

1. Synopsis:

Various persons in the vicinity of St. John's, Newfoundland
have reported that on the evening of 30 July 50 at approximately
2015 hours, an unconventional aircraft was seen flying over the
area northeast of Pepperrell Air Force Base and St. John's, Newfound-
land. Details described the object as bright and blue and few
minutes indicated it could be established as a star. Consensus of opinion
is that the aircraft did not attain any extraordinary rate of speed
while in sight. Some witnesses indicate that object may have struck
ground in the vicinity of Pepperrell Air Force Base but to date
it has not been found or reported.

2. Details:

On 31 July 50 Mr. R. S. R. Parsons of Kings Road, St. John's, 
Newfld., a resident, was interviewed and reported that at approximately
2012 hours, 30 July 50, I was sitting on 
the top of the hill at the ball park in St. John's with any 3 year old
son. He kept looking toward the buildings in Pepperrell and seeing.
As he looked towards the north east, I saw a strange ob-
ject in the sky near the area of the towers on the far side of the
harbor. At first it looked as though it was moving fast. It was 
a brilliant stream of flame. It was only in sight about three 
or four seconds and was gone. It seemed to appear from behind the
hills. 

AFR, Hfld was interviewed and reported that at approximately 1920 hours 30 
July 50, he was overlooking the hilly, wooded area across the harbor
from Pepperrell Air Force Base. Suddenly, a deep blue glow appeared in the
sky, which lasted for several seconds. It illuminated the area, even though
it was dusky, and then disappeared. AFR, Hfld on 30 July 50 - At approximately 2020 hours, he was outdoors and heard a deep roar or sound, but not as sharp a sound, more 
of a rushing sound, but could not determine the direction from which it came.

UNCLASSIFIED