The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a newspaper article from "The Columbia Record" dated March 10, 1950, with the headline "Flying Saucers Back! Seen Over Columbia".

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

"THE COLUMBIA RECORD" Newspaper
Columbia, S. C. CARROLL 
10 March 1950

"Flying Saucers Back! 
Seen Over Columbia"

The CHARLES SANDERS family of 1308 Park ave. near the city limits, reported seeing four bright discs or "flying saucers" in the sky over Columbia yesterday afternoon about 1:20 p. m. According to Mrs. Sanders these objects were flying in a line, one behind the other, with a streak like a fine thread connecting them, and another wide white streak flashing across the sky. Mrs. Sanders said she called her husband and son to come out and see the objects, and they also saw them distinctly. She said the objects were trave1ing very swiftly and soon disappeared from view. 

Another witness, Mrs. John C. Brown, who lives near Dentsville, also reported seeing four flying saucers which passed over Columbia from Dentsville. Mrs. Brown said the objects were traveling at a tremendous rate of speed, and it was only a matter of seconds before they were out of sight. 

This Agent witnessed the above phenomenon and it appeared as follows: The objects, presumably a very high flying aircraft, were traveling in a northwest/southeast direction, three in a line and one trailing behind. At first glance, they appeared to be airplanes, but did not make any sound. The objects were proceeding on a horizontal course, but did not leave any vapor trail which it left appeared to be slightly arched. The centers of the vapor trail were quite thin and dissipated very soon, leaving what appeared to be the wind trail blown from west to east, which made it appear like the two craft were not moving very fast. The objects appeared and disappeared in only a matter of seconds. The craft was so high and going almost too fast for this Agent to observe anything but the vapor trail that appeared at approximately 1:05 and the dissipating trails were still able to be observed at 1:08 hours. This Agent could not determine the true size, shape or color of the objects, but this phenomenon of the vapor trail from a very high flying aircraft.

FAO #13
Columbia, S.C.

(Continued From Page One)
drive, a former air corps gunner, reported seeing a white cylindrical object move slowly across the city from the south at about 5 p.m. He said it moved without a sound. Patrolman W. T. Clark, also was on traffic duty when he saw the strange object. He said it was a silver-colored plane that appeared to hover in the sky, then suddenly dart away at a terrific speed, all without a sound. He said it took 12 minutes to get over a mile of the city.
Mrs. Easterling, a receptionist at the Jefferson Standard building, said she and two other persons on the staff there said they saw a "tremendous object" over the city near the 5 o'clock hour Monday evening.
She described it as a "silver-colored plane" that was traveling very slowly at first and then darted away rapidly, appearing to accelerate tremendously.
At Orangeburg, former Air Force Major L. Z. Waldram said he and Mrs. Waldram were in their car when they saw the object over Columbia. He said: "It was the strangest thing I've ever seen. It was not an airplane, and it was not a satellite or any known object." Waldram said they watched the object for about 10 minutes, and that it seemed to hover and then dart away.

There has been no word from the Mexican government about such a strange interplanetary affair. El Nacional, quoted a former air force minister as saying the numerous discs reported over Mexico recently "carry visitors from Mars."