The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the project Blue Book military investigation of unidentified flying objects.

INF 373.5 (3)
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
TO: Director of Intelligence, Headquarters United States Air Force, Washington 25, D.C.

1. Attached for your information are two narrative reports concerning sightings of an unidentified flying object.
2. The fact that the object was sighted on the scopes of two (2) radars is considered worthy of special note.
3. Comment or technical comment, this headquarters, was solicited and is quoted in part for your consideration:

"While it is relatively well known that various ionospheric conditions cause reflections of power frequencies, it is usually considered that these layers have no effect at the frequencies used by the two radar sets mentioned except when such transmissions from immigration or other atomic reactions. Presuming that such idealized conditions existed at the time of these observations, it is conceivable that an actual change in physical lateral motion in reference to the radar set could cause a seemingly greater change in relative position of the "object" as observed on the radar scope due to the varying path lengths the radar energy takes to under and from the "object". This relatively high frequencies of the L-Band CPS-6 and the S-Band CPS-4 radars sets almost rule out the possibility of anomalous propagation effects further, the magnitude of the yariations in dimensions of the "object" reported are beyond the capability of known behavior of microwave air vehicles or aircraft under controlled flight."

Also substantiating this unlikelihood, is the fact that the "object" was reported as remaining stationary in free space for a mean-period of two minutes.

Further validity is lent to the contention of the reports by statements that first indications, which were at high altitudes, were subsequently revised downward, which attitudes were controlled flight.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
UNCLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED