The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Interview with Capt. ________

Right again for a better view but the UFO streaked across towards the East behind them. Capt. ___ saw it once more through the pilot's window to the rear as it went off into the distance towards the Atlantic.

Two or three passengers also saw a light pass by and one stewardess "saw something go by".

Capt. ___ reported the observations to the Washington tower by radio but neither the tower personnel nor the Washington radar picked up anything significant to confirm the sighting.

The press heard of the incident through the Washington tower. On the following morning he was interviewed by reporters at his home in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He showed newspaper clippings which he had preserved as an album among photographs. He told no report to the Air Force but answered questions posed by a major who called him at Tulsa.

Much later it was learned that "Hank Myers", later pilot of President Truman's plane, was flying an AAL plane on the same evening and observed a brilliant bluish object between Nashville and Knoxville at such a time that it could well have been the "same object".

3. The possibility that the UFO seen by Capt. ___ and his copilot was a mere trick of light and weather conditions is not believed. Capt. ___ does not believe that the seemingly erratic apparent movement of the object could have been an illusion on the part of themselves or their own aircraft. The observation of the bright light being at what appeared to be the same distance, the sharpness and brilliance of it, and the strange maneuvers it performed, all indicated that it was a solid object.

The observation of the bright light being at what appeared to be the same distance, the sharpness and brilliance of it, and the strange maneuvers it performed, all indicated that it was a solid object. It is assumed that the luminous area was much larger than the cross-section of the body.

NOTE: According to the Almanac the moon was full on May 30, 1950. WBM