There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows the text of an article from the Daily News newspaper, dated Sunday, December 10, 1950, with the headline "Heavenly Ice "Bombs" Hot Subject In Britain".

Text transcription:

DAILY NEWS SUNDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1950
Heavenly Ice "Bombs" Hot Subject In Britain
LONDON, Dec. 9.—(UP)—The case of the "heavenly ice cubes" was still the object of interest to the British air ministry was concentrating itself on averting any recurrence, it was learned today.

For the last few months, chunks of ice from the skies on various areas of Britain have fallen, one killing a sheep.

The ice bombing coincided with persistent. flying saucer rumors among experts. Another group of alleged "pseudo-scientific articles linked the ice chunks to recent flying saucer stories.

However, experts claimed the world weather, freezing air pockets in the upper atmosphere may have caused the mysterious appearance of the ice.

So now the air ministry had definite reports on 10 cases where this has happened, and the authorities are trying to find another explanation. Until they succeed, a new theory about the ice bombings is likely to be the popular.

Some folk hold that the ice really does come from another world—possibly ably by clinging to meteors.

SECRETARY of state for Air Arthur Henderson told the House of Commons he was able to report that the "ice bombings" have ended and adjustments are being made. He said the incidents were something to be analyzed.

That, Mrs. Yesterday a block of ice, almost five pounds, smashed through the roof of a new house in the suburbs of London and no planes were in the air at the time.

Even so, experts are not convinced that all the records which have shown the "ice bombings" are proved. Some show dates in 1940 and 1938 when flying saucers were first reported.

So now the air ministry had definite reports on 10 cases where this has happened, and the authorities are trying to find another explanation. Until they succeed, a new theory about the ice bombings is likely to be the popular.