There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Lt. Col. _____, Director of Intelligence, Pepperrell AFB, was interviewed and stated, between 2000 and 2030 local time, 30 July 1950, a sighting of an unidentified object at about 50 to 60 degrees angle above the horizon traveling in a northwesterly direction. The object was bright in appearance but was too close (estimated 5 to 8 miles) and too low (estimated 10,000 feet) to make positive identification. The ground at St. John's Object was assumed to have been 8 to 10 miles northwest of the observer's location.

Lt. Col. _____ of Pepperrell AFB, NORAD, was interviewed and stated, at about 2015, 30 July 1950, as aerial sighting of an object that moved southward and disappeared behind the hills near the base. He stated that he was positive it was a meteor, the most beautiful he had ever seen.

M/Sgt _____ of AACS Pepperrell AFB, NORAD, was interviewed and stated, at about 2015, 30 July 1950, he was watching the flashing lights of an aircraft when an object described below came out of the overcast above the base generator. It was approximately 1000 feet in diameter and had a bright red flame. He stated that as it looked like a meteor, it was approximately 1000 feet above the top of the hills at about 45 degrees to the right of the tower at White Hills. The first section appeared to be traveling very fast and then stopped suddenly. The color of the flame was a very hot flame and extended approximately 50 feet behind and was about 10 feet in diameter. I could see no sound. Weather was fairly clear. Flame behind was short and flick-like a long spark or partially out flare. No jet openings or exhaust ports visible. No visible control surfaces. As I watched it, the bright white lights at the base went out all at once. Nothing appeared to fall and I could no longer see the object. I have previously seen meteors but never that close to the ground.