The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph present on this particular page. The text in the document is as follows:

Analysis of Photographic Records
-3-                           Serial 01

"The relative indistinctness of the details and separation of the objects to the horizon " are presented in figures 5(a), 5(b), and 6.

The statistical indistinctness (contrast, details and separation) all appear to agree to within the limits of observational errors with an assumption based on the UFO system being held at a constant velocity oscillating motion over the period of their filming.

The angular size of the objects (as similar to those seen in visual observations) lay close to being a small angle a' of 5 degrees or a little less to the horizon over a period varying from 5 to 25 minutes, where the objects presumably remained on a different azimuth heading approaching or leaving the observer (striking and trailing edge trails are included in figures 5(a) and 5(b), along with the observed data (cf. Appendix I for the calculation method)). As mentioned in the Appendix, some random errors exist and the true motion of the objects may still have been somewhat different with a somewhat different velocity than that derived from the simulation, the apparent angular velocity of the objects. However, any such motion would not constitute the confidence of the analysis, although individual and composite proportions may show some variation as the figures show (par. 3).

The inclination to the horizon is found to be very small, the objects appearing to be near the horizon. There is a slight decrease in the angle of inclination as the objects move, but this is small relative to the random errors apparent in the measurements.

Figure 6 indicates there typical parallel terminal headings of the UFO system. The parallax would indicate that the dimensions and fuzziness of the images, figure 6, the measurements of the diameter of the developed images (as seen on the 60 mm film) because of the smallness of the dimension and fuzziness of the images, there seem to be slight fluctuations which can be attributed to a variation in the definition and fuzziness of the images...(some text redacted) constant velocity and size would be closely approximated by a rather simple mathematical function."