The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MCGHEE TYSON AIRPORT 
BOX 202, MARYVILLE, TENNESSEE

UNCLASSIFIED
26 October 1950

SUBJECT: Report on Unconventional Aircraft or Flying Object

TO: Commanding General 
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio
ATTN: MCIS

1. In compliance with paragraph 2, Department of the Air Force letter, file AF-AC-14, dated 8 September 1950, subject: the same as above, the following report on unconventional aircraft or flying objects is submitted:

2. In compliance with paragraph 2d cited letter the following detailed information is furnished:

a. The object appeared to be about the size of 4 or 5 passenger plane when first observed. The color was silver metallic, with no reflection and dull in appearance. The object had a smoke trail approximately one fourth mile long. (for varying sizes and appearances: obj ci ct was built in shape, changing to bladder shape and diminishing in size as it descended and disappeared in cloud. The original shape and size appeared when first observed, changing to bladder shape and diminishing in size as it descended and disappearance under cloud cover).
b. The report provides information regarding the object's maneuverability, speed and contraction through the use of unknown gases. The speed of the object was as low as 15 miles per hour. The air maneuvers was the increase and decrease in altitude which was at an angle of about 45°. The first observed altitude was estimated at 12,200 to 15,000 feet. The object vanished and no sound.
c. Time sighted: 1520 hours EST, length of time observed: approximately twenty (20) minutes.
d. Manner of observation: Visual only
e. Location of observer: Kerr Hollow Gate, Oak Ridge, Tenn.
e. Observers reliability: Trooper is an AEC patrolman and as such receives training as an air ground observer. He was on duty at the time of the observation and the attached incl #1.

UNCLASSIFIED