The image provided appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch rather than a photograph. The sketch includes a top-down view of a building labeled "Roof of Embassy" and an adjacent smoke stack with an arrow pointing to its shadow. There are annotations indicating the observer's positions at two different times, marked "1" and "2," respectively, alongside two "X" marks purportedly representing the positions of the object sighted. There's also some mathematical annotations apparently relating to angles of sight.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---
STATEMENT

On the 28 Mar 50 at approximately 1430 hours I was returning from my home at 1057 Vitacura to the U.S. Embassy for the afternoon's work period. I noticed numerous persons outside looking at the sky enroute to the U.S. Embassy. I did not stop or talk to anyone until I arrived at the U.S. Embassy. I immediately came to the 9th floor and started looking out of the window. Nothing was sighted. I then decided to go to the roof of the Embassy building. I borrowed from the U.S. Navy Attache a pair of field glasses and proceeded to the top of the Embassy building with the sole thought in mind that I would discover some illusion, perhaps a cloud wisp or a reflection from an object and thereby convince myself that there was nothing present in the sky. I was on the roof of the U.S. Embassy for approximately one hour and was constantly scanning the sky with both my normal eyes and with the field glasses. At approximately 1515 hours I detected an object traveling from south to north at an extremely altitude and at an extreme rate of speed. I followed this object with my nakes eye and was then able to look at it through the field glasses. The height of the object was impossible to determine any details about it its other than that it appeared to be moving in a straight line. It appeared to be more white than any other color. I watched the object move approximately 30 degrees of sky within 5-10 seconds and then decided that I would return to the office and procure a camera with a telephoto lense and attempt to get a spot on a piece of film to support my story. I returned to the roof of the U.S. Embassy with a camera equipped with a telephoto lense and was unable to spot the object again. The small graph is furnished in relation to point of sight and the object seen in relation to the sun.

(scribbled signature)
Master Sergeant,

1. My location when object first sighted
2. Location when object sighted second time
X = object when first sighted angle of sight app/ 3000
X = object when sighted after leaving glare of sun angle approx 300°

---
The bottom of the page contains a signature that appears to be scribbled and therefore not legible for transcription.