The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with handwritten text. As an OCR system, I will extract all the text from the document:

I babily would have dismissed the whole affair shortly after returning to the house, following our Stroll up the road, (which I was of the opinion to call "The Young People's Magazine.") In this issue was a story which seemed most curious. It told of a family to whom a strange occurrence happened a few days after, what they said, was a "great sight in the sky" seen by the family. The story mentioned that on the evening of August 12, 1946, there was witnessed by the family a strange object in the sky. "It seemed round and lit up" and, as the story goes, the object was also seen by others. Later, a Mr. Delph, a man who lived near the family, came to their home to inquire as to what they had seen. He showed great interest, it is stated. 

The story was illustrated with several pictures, the captions of which were to the effect that the pictures showed the "actual sightings" of the strange object that had been seen. However, the descriptive matter did not indicate just what the pictures portrayed, and to me they seemed more like imaginings of what the "object" may have looked like, rather than actual photographs of the thing itself. I was not imagining anything of that nature. We were certainly not imagined; we were looking into the matter scientifically, and our interest, as is our nature, was simply to try to determine, if possible, what natural phenomena were witnessed.

Several pictures, the story goes, were taken of actual sightings that had been seen. In various parts of the country, we were told, there were "flying saucers" seen in the skies of Arlington, Virginia, and when the picture was taken at Richardson Heights, Dallas, Texas, here was one, too. However, the descriptive matter did not indicate the size or location of the object. But the thing was, the description stated that five men at the Chase National Bank, building in New York City, said they saw an object resembling one that they called a "flying saucer" pass over their building at 10:30 a.m., July 24, 1946. They said they saw it pass over their building that morning, without making any noise, and it disappeared in the northeast direction.

The story indicated that five men (persons) were involved in the incident, including a Mr. Rowe, who gave off no smoke or flame, and said "Here comes Superman.", when they saw the strange object. It was also stated that they were of the opinion, or thought, that the object was "a flying saucer" which, according to the story, "may they (saucers) were opinions, thought to be a development of some secret aerial device!" The article stated that he (Rowe?) advised, "and the saucers will disappear."

It was stated that (1) we did see the "flying saucer" as described, and (2) we do not intend to say clearly (and do that by request which is being compiled with:) "If you should happen to see a 'Saucer' and you are intelligible, Da. Trion, Dayton, Ohio, and tell them all about it."

Lake Charles, Louisiana, September 10, 1950.
1325 Bank Street.