There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old Air Intelligence Information Report related to Project Blue Book.

TEXT CONTENT:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. IP-2650
DATE 7 DEC 1950
PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES

The following is a final report regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object which occurred on 6 November 1950 in the general area of South Central Alaska.

Extract from the weather log of the Alaska Air Command states: "At 1402 G local the sky near Adak was obscured by an unidentified object silhouetted against the sky. It was approximately twice the size of a B-29 and appeared to be hovering over the area. Observation time approximately 4 minutes. The object then accelerated at terrific speed and disappeared over the horizon." 

Extract from the Flight Control Log of the Civil Aeronautics Administration states: "At 1404 G local an unidentified aircraft was observed over the area of Adak traveling at a high rate of speed and at high altitude. The object was heading North and was not responding to any control attempts. No air traffic was scheduled in that area at that time."

The pilot of a P-51 Mustang fighter on a routine training flight over the Adak area at the time of the sighting reported seeing the object, describing it as a "circular, metallic appearing craft, approximately twice the size of a B-29 which appeared to hover momentarily and then accelerate at a terrific rate of speed and disappear from sight." The pilot stated that the object was unlike any aircraft he was familiar with.

No other reports from this incident could be obtained. Based on the above facts, the following evaluations are made:

1. The object was observed by at least two reliable sources, the Alaska Air Command weather observer and the pilot of the P-51 Mustang.
2. The object possessed characteristics of performance and maneuverability that are beyond the capabilities of any known type of aircraft.
3. The object was not responding to any air traffic control.

DOWNGRADE TO YEAR INTERVAL 
CLASSIFIED LONG SINE 31 DEC 2130

UNCLASSIFIED