The image does not contain any visible photographs or images. It appears to be a typed document discussing an analysis of photographic material from a UFO case.

Analysis of Photographic
Material

On the other hand, the photographs shown in Appendix II do seem to indicate definite reflections which look like the images shown on the film. Of course, balloons, shiny insects etc. or for that matter any bright light source in the sky might lead to similar reflections which would stive very much the appearance of the genuine article. The photographs do fade to reminiscent of airplane reflective phenomena, although this in itself would not explain the apparent speed of the Objects as represented in the image. The discrepancy in the azimuth heading for sun reflection might be accounted for by large cross winds (they could nevertheless record the plane's direction by about 5°) but the angular discrepancy still exists and along with the image size, remains a puzzle in the data of the definite reflection hypothesis.

The author acknowledges with regret that, despite the considerable amount of effort spent on the analysis of the evidence and circumstances of the "Montana UFO Case", no definite conclusion could be brought out. The indications as to what the objects may have been must be described as insufficient to explain the evidence and the uncertainty of some of the reports observations remains and will need accounts. Whether a better identification of the recorded phenomenon could have been attained by a more searching investigation on the spot at the time, still remains difficult to assess.

3/24/52
E. M. E. Baker, Jr.

This footnote applies to ** on page 5 of this report.

According to the report of 2/28/52 (see item 2 clause b) "Both the Secretary and his assistant said they had a miniature for two similar the two UFO's had disappeared in the southeast. This in itself would eliminate the idea as candidates for the UFO as both circular and far different in appearance from the two UFO's described. We know the landing pattern that the two UFO's had taken, and we know when the two UFO's had been seen.