There does not appear to be a photograph in this page of the UFO report document. The document contains text describing various UFO sightings, including the sighting of Mrs. Fortney, wife of Capt. Leon C. Fortney, on Monday 3 Sep 2220 hours, and the sighting of Lt. Penances on Saturday 8 Sep 2220 hours. It also describes a sighting by Major Gardiniar on Monday 3 Sep 1400 hours. The text provides details about the sightings, such as the time, location, and observed phenomena. There is no mention of any photographs being present in the document.

UNCLASSIFIED

Sighting of Mrs. Fortney, wife of Capt. Leon C. Fortney, Monday 3 Sep 2220 hours

Capt. and Mrs. Fortney were returning from the city of Spokane to their base, Capt. Fortney was driving west on Highway 2 about 5 miles from the city of Spokane when a white object was observed at the horizon. The light was moving at "high speed" and came up to the car so directly that Mrs. Fortney became frightened for fear it would strike the car - it passed over, however, and proceeded on a SW course overflying the runways and hangar (area of Fairchild AFB). According to Mrs. Fortney the light changed in size (from the same to smaller and then larger again) and twice the size sparks in a fiery trail were observed. In various colors other than blue-white which it had originally went out. No other observations were made. No sound was heard. The course was roughly NE to SW and travel was parallel to the low altitude. No aircraft was in the vicinity at that time. Capt. Fortney did not observe the phenomenon as he was concentrating on driving and had his sun visor down (reason unknown).

Sighting of Clifford L. Ponances 1st Lt. (pilot), Saturday 8 Sep 2220 hours

Lt. Ponances was returning to his quarters from the home of a friend, walking north on a street in the officer housing area when he observed a bright white light approaching the field from the north. He watched it as it passed over the western edge of the field where a low-powered experimental jet aircraft was taking off at that time. The time was approximately 2220. No sounds were heard. No aircraft were in the vicinity at the time. The course of this light was from the NE to SW, over FAFB, paralleling the earth at approximately 150 miles per hour.

Sighting of Russell J. Gardiniar, Major, (observer) Monday 3 Sep 1400 hours

Major Gardiniar was returning to his home in the area of Spokane when he noticed three strange objects approaching out of the NW. His first impression was that they were extra large pieces of cardboard or wrapping paper tumbling about in an oversize wind. However, continued observation showed that the objects seemed to indicate that they were held aloft by a force other than current. For example, one object would move up while another would move down and another would remain stationary.

After watching the objects for two or three minutes, Major Gardiniar called to his wife to bring a monocular (6x23) from the house. When Mrs. Gardiniar returned with the glass, one of the objects had departed in the direction it had come, the other two having disappeared in the meantime. Downgraded at 3 Year Intervals: DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS, DOD DIR 5200.10.