The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum from the Northrop Aircraft Corporation regarding an observation of an unidentified flying object in the sky near Clarendon, Texas on April 27, 1950.

The text in the document is as follows:

NORTHROP AIRCRAFT, INC.
MEMORANDUM
AVOID VERBAL ORDERS

To: Lt. Col. [Redacted]
Subject: Observation of Unidentified Object in the Sky, 18 April 1950 near Clarendon, Texas
Copies: [Redacted]

After contacting the local weather station, they advised that there could possibly be a weather balloon inasmuch as it had been observed continuously in the same area for approximately four hours. However, the free balloon remaining visible from the ground for that length of time.

At this time the object was lost from sight due to a deck of cirrus clouds; the object went behind or into this cloud cover. After approximately ten minutes the object became visible again and appeared slightly to our right and above us; our altitude at that time was approximately 30,000 feet and very close to the base of the cloud deck. The object appeared to be much closer to us than when it was last visible. However, it is impossible to make an estimate of its distance inasmuch as the size of the object was unknown, but appeared to be approximately one half that of a full moon when viewed directly overhead.

The object was of a silvery metallic color with a translucent quality; no change in color or other evidence of color was observed. The shape of the object was sphere-like with prominent indentations or hatches and with the most part while shadow was vertical and appeared to tilt occasionally. The motion was not rapid and any movement was of short duration. There was no visible or apparent means of propulsion.

During the period of this observation, radio contact was established with the 8730th air squadron and a description of the object was given to them, but I was not able to establish my definite position above the ground. The E-36 reported that they were above the cloud layer at 45,000 feet.

The object was again lost from sight due to its going behind or into a cloud. After approximately five minutes the last visual contact for approximately five minutes, the object was again sighted for about 30 seconds in a break in the clouds.

UNCLASSIFIED