There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation into UFO sightings.

TRANSLATION

On 21 October, 3:35 p.m., a Bonanza GUN 275, piloted by Mr. A, Pilot, and Engineer, was flying westward over the Province of Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately at 5500' altitude and compass direction of 120° coming from Central Andrea. This pilot, who is also a Bonanza GUN 275, and Engineers Jr., were observing an object in the direction of Northeast approximately 20 miles west of Central Andrea. The object was only sighted at a maximum glance highly polished. The object was first sighted toward the back of the ship, 3-5 the size of the wing tip. This wing tip was determined to be 8-9' on the compass and approximately at 5-6' altitude of 7000' at a distance of about 1/3 mile. The notable features mentioned by this flying disk was that of a direct line, horizontally, during all the time we could observe same, which had a spot 1 second corporately, for the time we saw, same direction as 1 second. During this observation we figured that the object had an addition of approximately 7000', We claim this estimated that if our sighting figures were more or less correct that the disk seemed to have's diameter of approximately 70 to 80' the figures were based on the above mentioned distance expressed at 10 miles. The impression received was that the object was stationary or slightly reducing in altitude. The disk did not present around the outline of any light sources, except that from the rear end of same there was an intense blue-colored flame that was coming out with a reddish-brown color of the flame, such as is found in an acetylene torch like the ones used to cut metal with. It had a trail a length of approximate 15 to 10 times the diameter of the disk. The speed, calculated at about over one thousand miles per hour.

None of the occupants of the plane, all engineers, nor the Pilot, could determine whether this object was a meteor although the course described by the object makes it doubtful of this possibility.

The facts were reported immediately by radio by the Pilot to the control tower of the Comspegy airport.

STOPPED!