The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book. 

Text extracted from the document:

1. Source:
All information contained in this report is based on a personal letter from the source, which is on file at the Air Intelligence Division. this letter is classified in Section 52, possibly 5 Secret, Crypto.

2. Observations by Source:
While he was driving a truck en route to his duties, at the above site, the source states that he observed an unusual flying object in the sky. This object seemed to be hovering or just hovering in the same position for several seconds. He watched it for approximately 15 to 20 seconds as it seemed to come forward and then backwards. At this point it accelerated and disappeared rapidly.

After explaining that it was raining very hard at the time and that he thought perhaps he had seen the sun coming back out of the clouds, the source is convinced that he saw an unusual object in the sky. An estimated time of at least 15 or 20 seconds or as many as 30 seconds is given. The object appeared to be hovering or just hovering, came forward and then backwards, and then accelerated and disappeared rapidly. The source states that it was the largest plane I have ever seen, (as I 26' or 7-29) it is the largest I have seen). It came slowly in a northerly direction and suddenly it just seemed to disappear. The source and going up and the north and down, then it just receded and disappeared.

The source further stated that the object appeared again and it was headed South and that this time it seemed more as a round ball, but seemed to be shimmering. It disappears again and the source says that he was very excited and still driving as fast as he could, maybe less than five miles per hour and still with water.

The last observation made by the source were: I'm pretty sure the hills have been completely closed behind me. There are no hills in the area. My best estimate would be that the hill was 200 feet high, and it appeared to be a semicircle or a horseshoe shape at the rim probably. At this position the object seemed to rise in the South and then disappeared. They probably saw two miles away on the horizon. Your small cloud formations as I did not seem levels clouds to the north and west and it appeared they were normal clouds coming there, but there was a definite object that I did see and I cannot explain it.

The source further stated that at no time did the object of his observations seem to travel at a high rate of speed, nor did they appear to require the use of any unusual conventional power plant as it was driving.

DECLASSIFIED AFTER 15 YEARS INTERVAL