The image contains a photograph or sketch of an unidentified aerial object, as indicated by the title "UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS". The document appears to be a report form providing details about the observation of this object, including the date, location, position of the observer, physical characteristics of the object, and its motion and behavior.

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

1. Date of observation 29 Sept 50
2. Exact time of observation (local) 0415 hours
3. Place of observation: Trico Area, Sandia Base
(Map coordinates)
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location or - give details:)
Trico Area in deep - south road along tha fence going East. 
5. What attracted attention to objects: Movement of light
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: one
7. Apparent size (compare to known objects, i.e.. sun, moon, thumb or fist at arms length:) Larger than football
8. Color of objects: Bluish-yellow flame, such as exhaust
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): Appeared slightly oblong with a cut-off rear from which flame & sparks were coming.
10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead): Approximately 50 degrees from zero
11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from north): 50 degrees directly over Bldg #1
12. Distance from observer (distance to town, bldg, etc. over which object appeared to be): Over 4 miles approximately
13. Direction of flight of object (s): Northwest to Southeast
14. Time in sight: 1-2 seconds
15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Approx. 350 to 400
16. Sound and odor: None
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistance, etc.) Flush with yellow fringes.
18. Length & width: Approx. 5 feet wide. Luminosity (not by reflection): other - degree of brightess other than exhaust observed on R-29 or R-29 C similar to jet. 
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.): None other than flame.
20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path): Straight course