There does not appear to be a photograph or image present in this document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to contain a written report describing an incident that occurred on August 5, 1952 involving a sighting of objects in Great Falls, Montana.

UNCLASSIFIED
17012T AIR TRANSPORT WING 
CONTINENTAL DIVISION, MATS
GREAT FALLS AIR FORCE BASE, MONTANA

SUBJECT: Project Blue Book

TO: Commanding General 
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. In compliance with your message AFOIN-ATIA-12-10-Z, dated 22 December 1952, Mr. *** W. Marquess, Wing Operations and Training Office, this station.

2. Mr. *** version of the incident is as follows:

On the 5th of August 1950, I, as manager of the Fleetrics, a local baseball team, walked to the grandstand of the local stadium here in Great Falls. Montana. It was approximately 11:30 AM and my purpose was to check the direction of the wind in preparation for the afternoon's game.

Looking toward the smoke stack to see in which direction the wind was blowing, I saw two objects shaped very bright objects completely motionless and in direct line with the smoke stack. I was of the opinion that they were aircraft, but after a few seconds of a still motionless view, I decided that they could not be aircraft maneuvering. I watched them for approximately two to three minutes. At the same time I shouted for my secretary and her husband to look also. At the time I thought there might have been a whistling noise, but of that I am not certain. The two objects then took off at a tremendous rate of speed, much faster than any jet aircraft I have ever seen. They did not take time to return to the exact spot from where I had originally sighted them. I prepared my camera and started taking pictures. From a point immediately adjacent to my car, by the time I had run to my car, The two objects were again motionless, but as I point0d my camera there was again a tremendous burst of speed and they were gone. This was not covering any distance; they were motionless, but an occasional vibration seemed to momentarily lift them after which they would instantly correct their level, plane to their seeming position. The two objects were round and appeared to be approximately 40 feet in diameter.