The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing various interrogations related to a UFO sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED

4. Interrogation of Mr. Seydler:

Mr. Seydler observed the object between the hours of 0300 and 1900. He stated that the object appeared to be shining and that it hovered; however, he believed that sun reflection might have had something to do with this apparition. He claims that the object traveled to a height above 30,000 feet since high cirrus clouds were present at approximately 29,000 to 30,000 feet and he thought that the object was between the ground and the clouds. He could not determine the distance of the object in any other way. He further gave information as to the strength of the surface winds at the time. He stated that ground surface winds were south-westerly and blowing at 25 mph. He also stated that at a higher altitude, the winds were blowing at a somewhat slower rate.

5. Interrogation of Mr. Stevens:

Mr. Stevens came into the tower at approximately 0730 and observed the object with binoculars and he stated that it seemed to be a very luminous disk and reminded him of a coming balloon. He stated that the object ascended into the wind and was under observation for approximately two and one-half hours until cloud cover obscured it.  

6. Interrogation of Mr. Fordham:

Mr. Fordham observed the object a few minutes after it had stopped, (as told to him by Mr. Barnes) and estimated its progress as it came descending a little from the earth's orbit and by some means or other became a temporary satellite. He made some mention of the fact that this object resembled a weather balloon of the type he had observed during his past years of weather observation.

7. Interrogation of Lt Colonel Shafer:

Lt Colonel Shafer observed people rushing past his office at a few minutes before 0800 and interrogated them to find out what the excitement was about. He went to the tower in order to observe the object which had been reported to be visible from there. At first sight it impressed him as being no more than a star although he claims that other people observing the object were observing various details which could not be seen. He observed it with both the naked eye and binoculars, and did not notice anything unusual about the object and his opinion did not waver from his original impression; that is, that the object was a bright star. However, since Mr. Barnes, who was the only one to have seen the object before in a horizontal direction, insisted that the object was something strange, Lt Colonel Shafer deferred to this opinion.