The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page.

UNCLASSIFIED

Headquarters ATC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio  

THRU: Director of Intelligence, ATTN: TCD, Headquarters, USAF,
Washington 25, D.C.

TO: Assistant for Atomic Energy, ATTN: AFOAT-1, Headquarters, USAF, 
Washington 25, D.C.

This confirms receipt of the telephonic report of sighting covering a recent incident in the Oak Ridge, Tennessee, area. Your observations of radar contacts and visual observations of unusual aerial objects certainly warrants investigation of this particular case.

The type of radar set used in detecting the unknown aerial echoes described in Inclosure 1, provides a basis for assuming that the phenomena contained therein, is believed to have been an A/GRO-1 operation. The echoes received, reportedly 12,000 to 15,000 yards in range, is considered too far distant to be of any significance in connection with the laboratory operations of the AEC installation at Oak Ridge. The investigation of this particular case warrants your attention.

Meteorological information is an almost absolute necessity in the explanation of "spurious radar echoes". This type of signal characteristic is quite common and can be attributed to particular atmospheric conditions for the cause. For example, temperature inversions, changes in water vapor content, ionized air masses, etc., can influence the scope of a radar system to the extent that spurious radar echoes appear on the scope equal to the pulse length in seconds multiplied by the speed of propagation, at times of one microsecond length.

The echoes briefly described in Inclosure 1 are considered to be very similar to those obtained on the scope of the APW-50 at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, however, because of the particular scope presentations at the sites were vectored towards the horizon, the direction of travel would be consistent toward the horizon, however, speeds were seen approaching 900 to 1,600 miles per hour. The echoes came and went rapidly with no visible means of propulsion. Particular atmospheric conditions were considered to be responsible for the spurious echoes and the shaping conditions of the clouds were not of sufficient density or persistence to fluctuate and appear to be moving at various speeds.

The spurious radar echoes described in Inclosure 1 are believed to have been caused by atmospheric conditions.

UNCLASSIFIED