There are no photographs present on the page. 

Text found in the document:

```
Information only (No Case)

Course: CSI
          -------------------------------------------------
                                                August, 1950
                                                Tucson, Arizona
               ********

             TUCSON, ARIZONA SIGHITNG AUGUST, 1950
        " About 9:30 p.m. a strange object suddenly 
        appeared, and seemed to be heading directly
        for our house.  We had been looking up into 
        the sky, but did not see this object until it 
        was almost upon us.  We sprang up, expecting
        it to pass over our house, but instead, it
        stopped almost directly over us, so that we
        were looking at the bottom of it.  It hung
        motionless for perhaps a second, then very
        deliberately turned and we watched it disappear
        over the mountain about 2.miles away.  

        The object was low, as compared to stars,
          etc., or even a high-flying plane.  It all
          happened quickly, but I have always had the
          feeling that there was no sound of any kind.

          As it approached us it gave the appearance
          of a small flock of birds, in perfect forma-
          tion, surrounded by light.  As it hung over
        us -- we were looking at the bottom of the
        thing -- it gave the appearance of a group of
          pontoons or perhaps tanks. Because we were
          under it, these were dark, and we could dis-
         tinguish merely the shape of them, which was
         longer than wide.  Can't be positive that
         there were nine, but they were in rows of
          three each, and there seemed to be more than
         six.  These things were underneath and com-
         pletely dark, but whatever was above them
         was well lighted.

            The lights seemed to shine out from all
        sides of the top part, but we could not see
            what was within the light.  The dark, pontoon-
            like objects seemed to be rigidly fixed,
            because they all turned in unison as it moved
            away.

            As it moved away, and we were no longer
            under it, and could no longer see the dark 
            objects, it appeared as a round ball of light.
            The light was bright, but not with the hard
            brilliance of an ordinary electric light.
         It seemed to emanate from the top and sides in
         a softer, glowing light.  As it moved away
            from us and sailed over the mountain it
         looked like a softly glowing ball." MRS.
          ******

```