The image appears to contain a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The document appears to be an unclassified report dated October 18, 1950, detailing a UFO sighting over Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
18 October 1950

The following accounts of activity at the Radar Operations Section of the Detachment 4, 502d AC&W Squadron, Knoxville, Tenn. on the night of 12 - 13 October 1950:

[Summary of Information, Subject: Objects Sighted Over Oak Ridge, Tennessee, dated 18 October 1950]

"Prior to this report, (report by AEC patrolman) we had a recurrence of targets like Thursday night (midnight 12 - 13 October 1950) - we had some scramble each time of aircraft and made several good passes, but heading of 160 degrees (Magnetic North). Apparently only two or three aircraft were involved and other aircraft are not supposed to fly). Our fighter worked from 2500 to 5000 feet for approximately 30 to 40 minutes per pass. Every characteristic was the same as before except that the speed was slower.

There was nothing on the scope (Radar Scope) at the location of this strange object (the location was called in by 'tel observers' at Oak Ridge).

The strange visitor was reported to Captain Cole at Moody (Call sign for Air Defense Command Control Center, Goddfige Field, Ala.) who carried through to Hq (Headquarters) 4708 (Air Defense Command). This action were (was) to put a patrol over the area, which was done.

The observers state: "we chartered a patrol and later Captain Cole called." There was nothing in the sky except a large flock of birds, which were painting, (giving image on the Radar Scope). This was estimated to be between 200 and 300. This was at 7000 feet. His patrol up until 1730 E.S.T., when I left duty, ranged from a low level pair to 7000 feet.

He was vectored after several well painted targets, but saw nothing.

PAID sent a list of questions to be answered by the observers. These answered questions concerned aspect, speed, time, sky, and terrain conditions, altitude, when smoke disappeared, etc.

This report was signed by _______________, Controller at the Radar Site, at the time of these occurrences.

CERTIFIED TRUE EXTRACT:
[Signature]

UNCLASSIFIED

(Page 1 of Inclosure # 4)