The image does not appear to contain any photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

1. The image of the unidentified object is not sharply defined. This blurred appearance may have been caused by camera movement, subject movement or other causes not evidenced because the image of the branches in the foreground are not blurred. This movement may have prohibited the image of the object as a result of a high speed operation of the film indicating that this could have been caused by the object being in rapid movement.
2. The report states that the object was shiny and attracted the attention of the observers. Apparently indicating that the object was brighter than the surrounding sky area. The report also states the underside of the so-called "disc" should be of greater density at the top and of lesser density at the bottom than the surrounding sky, However, this is not indicated in the photograph of the unidentified object.
3. The photographic technique displayed by this negative is poor. The negative is light struck or fogged by extraneous light probably caused by light leaks in the camera or our film holder. (Exhibit 1, arrow 1) At the end of the negative opposite the coding edge, the edge of the film which is covered by the holding members is fogged indicating the film was fogged during development. The photograph itself shows good definition indicating the film was not damaged in this manner. The low density areas or the negative or pockmarks seen with numerous blotchy stains which may have been caused by contamination during processing. (Exhibit 1, arrow 3) The image may have been caused by foreign material in the developing solution which adhered to the film and locally retarded development. Such foreign material may have been a piece of paper from a filtering medium.
4. Because of the reasons stated in paragraphs 1, 2, and 3, it is not possible to confirm this negative as being a photograph of an unconventional type of aircraft nor is it possible to confirm that the image on the negative was formed photographically by the camera.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
UNCLASSIFIED