There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing an Office Memorandum from the United States Government.

Text extracted from the document:

OFFICE MEMORANDUM
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO : Mr. Rogers, MCIAXA
FROM : Mr. Guy B. Kidwell II
SUBJECT: Evaluation of Photographic Negative

1. A photographic negative of an unidentified object observed from a conventional aircraft was thoroughly examined. Several characteristics of this negative are discussed.

2. The image of the unidentified object is not sharply defined. This blurred appearance may have been caused by camera movement, subject movement or the object movement is not evidenced because the image of the branches in the foreground are not blurred. Subject movement is not pronounced thus the blurred appearance of the object indicates a probable distance and size of the object. The animation of the film indicates that a standard Graphic or Graflex cut film holder was used. Approximately 1/1000 of a second. The depth of field of this photograph extends from the vegetation in the foreground to the mountains in the background. Therefore, any object between these two points would be focused critically by the lens. The blurred appearance of the object would indicate that the object was closer to the camera than the vegetation in the foreground.

3. The report states that the object was shiny and attracted the attention of the observer. Characteristics indicate the object was brighter than the surrounding sky area. The report also states that the underside of the aircraft was in shadow. From these conditions it should be of greater density at the top and less density at the bottom than the surrounding sky. There is an indication of greater density in the underside than that of the surrounding sky area.

4. The photographic technique displayed by this negative is poor. The negative is light struck or fogged by extraneous light, probably was caused by light leaks in the camera or cut film holder. At the end of the negative opposite the coding notches is the edge of the film which is evidenced by the notching edge of the film which is fogged indicating the surface of the negative has been touched. The surface of the negative is pock-marked with numerous blemishes which may have been caused by contaminated processing (Exhibit 1, arrow 3). The image may have been caused by foreign material in the developing solutions which adhered to the surface of the film and locally retarding development. Such foreign material may have been a piece of paper from a film pack.