The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED
16 OCTOBER 1950

A. L. Rydmeski, Acting Assistant Chief, Security Division
REPORT OF MYSTERIOUS FLYING OBJECT

SYMBOLS: S:AIR

Pursuant to receipt of a report from ------, Oak Ridge Patrol, indicating that a mysterious flying object was observed in the vicinity of the Callaghan entrance, I, F. Callaghan, Acting Chief, Security Division, AEC, CRO, in the presence of A. L. Rydmewski, Security Agent, Major Construction Company, at approximately 10:15 p.m., October 15, 1950, which is under investigation by the Atomic Energy Commission, Security Division and the Wackenhut Construction Company, perfecting an experiment employing the Wackenhut Construction Company's personnel.

Highclimber gave the following account of his observations: He was wearing checker hollow entrance to the Oak Ridge Controlled Area, when he observed a white light approaching from the north-west direction and noticed a white spot in the sky. He said it was "awful high" and appeared to be traveling in a westerly direction toward the plant area. He noted that the sky was clear and the object was merely white, giving no trail or smoke, and appeared to have no appendages. He observed the object for about 2 minutes and concluded on his way to notify the white object.

When asked what he thought of the object, Highclimber related that his first impression was that it might be a toy balloon, because it looked quite similar to a balloon which one of the neighborhood girls was playing with. The sure of the size or shape of the object, however, he indicated by hand gesture that it might have been about 6 inches in diameter and probably was in the shape of a disc or ball.

He told him that the guard and civilians appeared to be excited and that it moved in such a manner that they tried to call his attention to look at the object. He stated that the guard and civilians suddenly ascended at an angle to the point where they were observing it at the time. He stated that the guarded seemed to look at the object, just to make sure that he was not merely imagining he was seeing things.

UNCLASSIFIED

(Page # 1 of Enclosure # 1-3)