There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text contained in the document:

Sighting of Capt. and Mrs. Fortney, Sunday 3 Sep 2220 hours
Capt. and Mrs. Fortney were returning from the city of Spokane to FARE. Capt. Fortney was driving west on Highway 2 about one mile or less from the eastern edge of the field when Mrs. Fortney observed a bluish-white light approaching the car from the northeast. The light was moving at high speed and came at the car as directly that Capt. Fortney became frightened for fear it would strike the car. It passed over, however, and proceeded on a very rapid course, varying its altitude, speed and manner area of its maneuver over the hangars of the field, ultimately appearing like the flash of an auto headlight to twice the size) over the hangar area, emitting sparks in a fiery trail appearing in various colors other than blue-white which it had been. At that time, the light suddenly went out. No other motion or other motion was heard. The course was roughly NW to SE and was parallel to the ground at a low altitude. No aircraft were in the vicinity at that time. Capt. Fortney did not observe the phenomenon until it was concentrating on driving and had his sun visor down (unknown)

Sighting of Clifford L. Ponsness 1st Lt. (pilot), Saturday 3 Sep 2220 hours
Lt. Ponsness was returning to his quarters from the home of a friend, walking north on a street in the officer's housing area when he observed a bluish-white light about the size of an auto headlight approaching the street. He watched it approach and it appeared to dip down over the street about 30 to 40 feet off the ground. It paused there for a few seconds and then abruptly went out. The time was approximately 2220. No sounds were heard. No aircraft were in the vicinity at the time. The course of the object was from the NE to SW over the field at the time. The course of the object was from the NE to SW over the field at the time.

Sighting of Russell J. Gardinier, Major (Carrier) Monday 3 Sep 1400 Hours
Major Gardinier was relaxing in the back yard of his home in the extreme eastern edge of Spokane when he noticed three strange objects appearing out of the NW. His first impression was that they were extra lights of some kind or 'spacecraft' or 'wrapping paper landing' about in an erratic "dust devil" about 2000' above the terrain. Continued observation, however, showed his vision could not be limited to less than air currents. They reacted in a manner indicating motive power of their own. All three objects acted independently and individually ascended and descended under perfect control, with no noticeable lifting or apparent effort, and would move down and the third sideways.

After watching the objects for two or three minutes, Major Gardinier called to his wife to bring a monocular (x6x2) from the house. When Mrs. Gardinier returned with the glass, only one of the objects could be seen.

UNCLASSIFIED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS: DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10