The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a newspaper article titled "Flying Saucers" Reported Active Over Warren Sky" from The Raleigh Times, Raleigh, North Carolina, published on Tuesday, October 26, 1950.

OCR Text Output:
The Raleigh Times. Raleigh. North Carc "Flying Saucers"
Reported Active
Over Warren Sky
WARRENTON, Oct. 26 - Strange ob
jects were reported seen in the sky over
Warren County during the weekend to pre
sent the latest claims of "flying saucers"
activity here.
Two witnesses, Mr. and Mrs. Sallie
White, were among those who reported see
ing the unusual lighter-than-air
craft, glowing with a bluish
color, and apparently indulging in what ap
peared to be evasive maneuvers.
According to Mrs. White, she and her
husband, Claude, saw the objects about 8:30
o'clock Saturday night. She described them
as round, glowing bodies that "seemed to
be flying in some kind of formation."
Other witnesses, including Mr. and Mrs.
Boyce, also reported seeing the objects. Both
couples said the strange bodies would sud
denly vanish and then reappear at another
point in the sky.
The illuminated objects seemed
particularly close to the earth and
at times quite distant, Mrs. White
told. Dozens of persons in this
area became interested observers
of the strange goings-on in the sky.
Suggestions as to the nature or identity
of the mysterious flying objects varied.
Some said they couldn't seem to get a
close enough look to determine exactly what
they were. Others called them "flying sau
cers," illuminated bubbles, or
indescribable, whirling, silvery-hued
objects that were moving at apparently
tremendous speeds.
The Warrenton citizens who witnessed
the aerial display were not alone in their
observations, according to previous reports.
Strange "saucer-like" objects have been
reported seen over various sections of the
state in recent weeks, arousing curiosity
and speculation as to their origin
and nature. Just what the strange
sky visitors may be is still a matter
of conjecture.