The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
10 MARCH 1950
1ST LT FRANCIS G. CARD, USAF, SAW TWO DISC-SHAPED OBJECTS AT 2:00 H., CST ON 22 FEB 50.
SELFRIDGE AFT, MICHIGAN

On the night of 9 Feb 50, the radar station was in operation approximately 90 miles northwest of Selfridge AFB. the target was on the radar scope for 3 minutes, approximately 25 miles from the station. The objects were circular in shape and were traveling at an estimated speed of 500 m.p.h. Lt. Carey, the radar operator, Lt. Melvin, and observers MacCarthy and Col. Belton, who made up the rest of the crew saw the objects. The objects, according to the radar, were at an altitude of 25,000 feet; the diameter of the objects was estimated to be 30-40 feet each. The objects traveled at the high altitude for some time, then descended to an altitude of approximately 3,000 feet and continued on their original course for a distance of 60 miles before they disappeared from the radar scope. The higher altitude of 25,000 feet was confirmed by the presence of blips on the RPI scope up to an altitude of 25,000 feet; the radar scope showed that the objects traveled at a speed of approximately 500 m.p.h. during their entire course. Over the next fifteen minutes the rest of the crew, mentioned above, visually observed the objects which were rapidly changing altitudes within my being able to turn around quickly enough to keep them in sight. Finally, however, I saw this target which was barely visible on the radar scope. It was indicated on the scope to be at an altitude of 3,000 feet. The indication was definitely that of a true aircraft, and the impression given was that the aircraft was maneuvering at this lower altitude. The F-80 pilot at the aircraft assisted altitude that he was at 28,000 feet. Later chatter between the tower and the incoming F-80 definitely stated that it was an aircraft. The target was a similar presentation to our radar returns earlier and its speed, approximately 500 m.p.h., was of the same order as the earlier returns. I would estimate that the objects were approximately the size of a C-47 aircraft. Further indications of this aircraft were picked up intermittently, but with no consistent or sustained return. The maneuvers or changes of course and attitude were made so rapidly that it was difficult to pin point any specific direction. Positive identification was definitely not that of an aircraft. The target as observed on the radar scope was at an altitude of 3,000 feet and the speed approximated 500 m.p.h. This compares favorably with the earlier higher altitude observations.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10