There is no photograph present in this scanned document page from Project Blue Book. The text has been produced through an optical character recognition (OCR) process:

THE CASE OF THE CRASHED UFO
- by Bob Berry, News Director of Radio Station WINS, Orleans, N.Y.

During the week of March 17th, 1958, I received some very important saucer information from one of Orleans' most respected persons, the Chief of Police. I will tell you what he told me. 

During my visit to the station that day, the Chief and I got into a chat about UFO sightings which occurred during March 20th. In the course of the conversation, Chief Finger asked me if I had ever heard of a certain incident that occurred in Pennsylvania some time between September of 1949 and January of 1951. It happened that I knew nothing about it. The details were scarce but enough was there to indicate that something unusual did occur. 

He told me that an Air Force man witnessed the landing of a UFO and that it scared off the tops of trees. I was also told that the saucer and its crew made an impression in the soft earth (a hillside section) where they landed. Several Army trucks. They roped the area off, loaded the object on trucks, and drove through.

That was enough for me! I made up my mind to follow this story through. Here is more of the events that followed. 

Several people in the area were supposed to have seen the object as it came down. A considerable portion of the area was cordoned off by the military as a restricted area. A young boy who lived in Empporium at the time. He was supposed to have seen an Army truck pick up the object and take it away. The object was, and he thought the Army truck he saw was from Baltimore, Maryland. The allegation was that the Cameron County Press Independence in Empporium supposedly carried this story.

My next move was to call the editor of that paper, James Klier, I told him of my findings and asked him to check his files to see if he had anything on this. That same afternoon, I received the reply. He told me that the only thing for the period of September 1951 was a weather balloon that was found near Keating Summit on Friday, October 13th, 1950. He said it contained the instrument and differed greatly from the object I had described, being a minimum or less in size. The panels had two small batteries and a light bulb. The equipment was turned over to the Air Force.

I next called a Mr. Fish, Sr. who is associated with the Couder-port Enterprise. After I informed him of my findings, he told me that he had a vague recollection of the incident, but that is gave me no more the name of the Airman. He is giving me the name of a certain Taylor, who now works at the Genna Printing Co. at Genna, Ohio.

My next contact was with Betty Freeh of Orleans, N.Y. a reporter for the Bradford Era of Bradford, Pa. Bert had been in this vicinity for a good many years and if the Bradford paper carried anything on the story, he would remember it locally. After telling him of my findings, I was informed by him that he could not remember the story. However, he suggested that I contact Mrs. Donehue, the librarian at the County Historical Society, who he said had been interested in UFO incidents. She told me that she was unaware of the object and said that she could not recall anyone connected with the government who had the object at Keating Summit, which was supposed to have had printing on it which said: "Anyone finding this, return it to the U.S. Government". It is not known if there was an address on it otherwise.