There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
Spca Intelligence Report, DD 496, 7 Nov 50, subj: Report of Uneonventional Aircraft
(a) Location: Observers were in the neighborhood of the
Charity Hospital in the northeast portion of New Orleans,
Louisiana, on 12 October 1950, reported unidentified flying
objects. Observation was first made at about 10:30 pm.
The observers estimated that the object was flying at an
altitude of at least one (1) mile.
(b) Manner of Observation: Visual from the ground.
(4) Weather Conditions: Bright sun, no clouds.
(5) Description of Objects:
(a) According to the observer's pipe, 22 feet long by 3 to 4 inches
thick.
(b) According to the observer's measure, 50 to 40 feet. Shaped like the side
view of a saucer, 50 to 60 feet long and 5 to 4 feet thick.
(c) Object glowed bright with a whitish-blue light. Both
observers saw it continue "dancing" spots before their eyes for
one to two minutes after starting at the object.
There was no noise and when the object was compared to
an airplane, no sound. The object made no noise and left no visible
exhaust trails. The distance of speed was judged.The
object faded in the distance until it was a minute
speck of light and then disappeared. It did not bring the
horizon. Domestic noises or the disappearance or normal air-craft
indicated where the normal air traffic would be.
(6) No meteorological condition was indicated which might
account for the sighting. No physical evidence was obtained.
(7) He advised that he has been in military service, and is familiar with the appearance of normal aircraft.

Louisiana, on 12 October 1950, reported unidentified flying objects seen
by her as follows:
(1) Time: 10 or 11 October 1950 (hour unknown).
(2) Location of Observers: Charity Hospital, New Orleans,
Louisiana, Objects sighted to a northerly direction.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED