The image appears to contain a typed report from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting, but there is no photograph included in this particular document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Incident Report No. 11.22-50
The smoke trail had discontinued but there was a trail that had the appearance of a ribbon about 5 or 6 feet long. At times the trail lengthened to about 20 feet. This haze or ring, was dark in color and appeared to disappear. The trail did not show any distinct object. The object was still grayish white in color running down through the center of it. The main object was still grayish white and appeared to be elongated, but I could not determine its exact shape. As I moved southward about 15 feet, when I got to within 20 feet of it, the main object was brighter and lit up to about 12 feet then descended in a horizontal movement southward across the sky. As it descended, it appeared to swell and to follow a wavy or shallow motion where it again moved out of sight. After it passed over the willow tree, it changed its direction and continued in a southeasterly direction. As I watched, the object appeared to change shape and altitude. He was unable to see the object at first and returned to the gateway to make another observation. Continued his observation of the object and soon after I went into the house. The exhaust. However, sighted the object. The object was now appearing as an angle of about 45 degrees and assumed a pear or bladder shape. The object continued in this manner until it had passed from view and disappeared.

About five minutes later, Capt. I walked up and I could see the object again, same direction as before. He watched it again. The object was moving from west to east about 5 or 6 feet above the ground. Its speed was estimated to be about 20 miles per hour. I marked for Capt. Island from the gatehouse to points I had observed the object. As Capt. looked toward the east, he pointed and saw the object again. I could not locate it. Capt. estimated the object to be at about 45 degrees in a southeast direction. We saw it for about 60 seconds before it disappeared to a point shape at this time.

In about five more minutes, Capt. I saw it again about 20 degrees above the horizon lower and smaller. The object was moving west at about 20 miles per hour. It continued to move about 500 feet above the ground. This was the last time it appeared. None of us noticed any odor at any time.

When I first saw the object diving, its speed was very slow. It was much slower than a falling object. I noticed there was more vertical motion than horizontal motion. The object appeared to be under control, as the speed was much faster than the downward plant and it must have been increasing in size because as we observed it close as plain it appeared to be growing larger and about the same size as when observed up close.

The wind direction was north-northeast and 8 MPH, according to the Knoxville Weather Station.

CERTIFIED TRUE COPY:
[Signature]

UNCLASSIFIED
(Page 2 of Inclosure # 11)