The image contains a report on an unclassified unconventional aircraft sighting, but there is no photograph present. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document.

UNCLASSIFIED UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT
17 April 1950

MEMORANDUM TO THE OFFICER IN CHARGE

1. At approximately 1830 hours on 14 April 1950, Mr. interviewed at his residence, Main St., Fort Monmouth, Middletown Township, N. J., regarding his observing unconventional aircraft in flight.

Mr. stated that at approximately 1730 hours on 14 April 1950, while motoring in a northeasterly direction on Wilson Ave. (approximately one quarter mile south of State Hwy. 35), he observed four (4) objects in the sky. He immediately stopped his vehicle and disemounted for a better view. The four objects were approaching from the north toward the south, at an approximate elevation of 75 - 100 miles per hour.

The objects were described as follows: Each object appeared to be rectangular in shape, approximately 34 feet long, 11 thick, amber colored, entirely flat surfaced without concave or convex bulges, with no visible trailing or wheels. The objects were grouped together in a fairly close disorganized formation and appeared to be flying at an altitude of approximately 2,000 feet with an air speed of approximately 75 - 100 miles per hour. The position of each object in the formation was constantly changing in an erratic but definite pattern, in a manner that would cause one to accelerate, decelerate, move right or move left very rapidly.

The entire formation constantly rose and fell in a smooth coordinated up and down movement as though each object was constantly changing its position in the formation. The estimated loss and gain of altitude with each up and down movement was approximately 1,000 feet. The mid-eapped or dished top shape of the group was constantly changing, as though the entire formation was maneuvering. No string or towing apparatus was visible in the sky, nor were there contrails indicating slipstream pressures present in the vicinity.

Visibility was fair with cloud-banks at an altitude of approximately 2,000 feet. Three or four minutes lapsed from the time the objects were first observed until they were lost from sight.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

ANDREW J. REID, CIV. INTEL.OFFICER, SECURITY & INTEL.DIV. FORT MONMOUTH,N.J.