There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book report. The document appears to be a spot report of an unidentified flying object sighting at Robins Air Force Base, Georgia on April 10, 1950.

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS
WARNER ROBINS AIR MATERIEL AREA
Office of the Commanding General

Robins Air Force Base, Ga. 
11 April 1960

SUBJECT: Spot Report of Unidentified Flying Object

TO:
Commanding General
Headquarters ADC
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
ATTENTION: Chief of Intelligence

1. a. Observer: 
S/Sgt. Lovett G. Harrell, Jr., AF 14015031
Station Hospital

b. Location: Station Hospital, Robins Air Force Base, Robins Field, Georgia

c. Date and time: 10 April 1950 at approximately 0400

d. Weather: C A V U; Visibility approximately 10 miles
Wind negligible

2. Sgt. Harrell stated that on 9 April 1950 he had retired early and had been sleeping well alone in his quarters. He was not conscious of any intoxicating liquor within 48 hours preceding this incident. His vision is 20/20 without glasses. He stated that he had not been listening to any radio broadcasts, nor had he read any news articles regarding saucer-shaped aenomenal.

3. At about 0330 on the morning of 10 April 1950, S/Sgt. Harrell left his home to go to the Station Hospital, Robins Air Force Base, at about 0345. He was preparing for duty early in order to do some personal work that day. As the taxi drove away and S/Sgt. Harrell was about to enter the building, his attention was attracted to a red flash in the South in the direction of the base laundry. The flash was similar to the red navigation light on the front of a "fly" in the Center of a "V" formation of aircraft. It appeared to be about one mile in altitude and stationary for about 15 seconds. There was no noise whatever and no other lights were visible. This would indicate that an aircraft as such did not exist. S/Sgt. Harrell stated that during the time he observed this phenomena, the sky was clear and the visibility approximately 10 miles.

UNCLASSIFIED