The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document.

March 11, 1958
Captain Vallce C. Karley, USAF
Production Branch
Audio-Visual Division, OASD(PA) 
Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Captain Karley:

Thank you for your cordial and informative communication of 28 February. Your continued cooperation - and patience - is appreciated.

I shall keep in touch with your office as the script for my projected documentary progress. However, the narrative with gradually develop the story for the production is successfully screened, edited and filed. Therfore, which of this script will depend probably on what film is available, including the stock footage to be made available by the Department of the Air Force.

Do you can see that I am in a rather nebulous position at the moment? But I am certain that I really resolve everything. I shall wonder if you would be kind enough to tell me just what the purphose or product in mind?

There is another point that I wish you would clarify. With reference to my inquiries about the availability of your position pictures of UFO's reportedly in the possession of the Air Force, I understand that the requester has been chocked by the Department of the Air Force and that there is no project of the exhibitions.

This reply has a bit mystified. One of the films about which I inquired was allegedly taken by Airdozen AFB, Calif., on 31 May, 1957, and I have a letter from Major Roberts, USAF, describing it. There is another film taken near Wright-Patterson AFD on 20 August, 1952, which was reproduced in the magazine by Rand Coporation, LOOK, in May, 1955. According to the description, the film depicts a series of unidentified flying objects being tracked by the Air Force.

As to the gun-camera shot near Wright-Patterson AFB on 20 August, 1952, I understand the persons who took the quote filmed the action was described "watched by the Assistant Chief of Project Blue Book." And the persons who had or knew about four strips of film that fell into the hands of the "unknowns" (which had been taken at White Sands, proving ground in April and May of 1950) made trips as described in relation to described in relation to this footage.

I shall be white and Review on 5 December, 1955.