There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document containing text from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Transcribing the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. Investigation predicated upon information received from Dr. LINCOLN LA PAZ, University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, New Mexico.

AT ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO

2. Mr. -, Albuquerque, New Mexico, was interviewed on 28 February 1950, and submitted the following information concerning object sighted by him on 24 February 1950.

Time and date of sighting: 1355 P.M., 24 February 1950
Point of observation: West end of Terminal Building (near TWA Bldg) Municipal Airport, Albuquerque, New Mexico, where the witness is station.
Number of objects: One
What attracted attention to objects: It crossed field of theodolite
Size of objects: "Spread exactly as theodolite" - as pinhead
Color of objects: Same as moon in day-time
Size of objects: Compared to size of upper dark portion of moon
Shape of objects: Round but not quite as elongated as sun of moon it rises in the East.
Apparent characteristics: Darkened on top-left side as seen thru
Distance of object from observer: Impossible to determine
Angle of elevation: Between 20° and 25°
Direction from observer: About 110°
Direction of flight: To West - Southwest, between 240° and 270°
Tactics and manueuvers: Straight flight
Speed: About the same of constant: None
Luminosity of objects: Apparently none. Any light from it could not be detected.
Apparent means of support: None apparent.
Projections on/or identification: None visible
Speed: Took approximately 15 minutes to cover 20° in theodolite. No sound was heard, and no trail or "discharge" would be just a crawl compared to it.
Sound: None
Odor: None
Time in sight: 13 minutes with naked eye.
Manner of disappearance: Finally lost it after having shifted observation to weather balloon.
Notes relative to other observers: Las observed weather for five (5) years but never studied astrology or astronomy. Never before had seen any phenomena resembling this object.

UNCLASSIFIED