There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
Pfrom the station in Zone 4 and in as close as 36 miles in Zone 4. Lt. 
_advised that on Friday, 3 March 1950, at approximately 23:5 
hours, after he had left a stag party in the Officer*s Club and having 
had only one beer during the course of the evening, he had observed a 
yellowish light in the sky . . 
cler from the Officers* Club in the direction of the PX on Selfridge 
Air Force Base. He blanked his cat’ down and observed the licht, its 
size and brifliancy,undarminad but described to be the approximate 
color and size of an electric light within a house showing through 'a
normal size window at a distance of about 50 to 75 feet on a dark 
night. The light was descending vertically over the Base and at 
first appeared to be a flare but, due to the color of the light, it 
was realized it could not have been a flare. He then stopped his 
car and observed the light further. The light then proceeded westward 
holding the same azimuth for approximately 10 to 15 miles . The light 
then went southward approximately the same distance, stopping and 
returning northward from the center line of sight the same distance 
giving the north-south movement approximately 80 to 100 miles. This 
occurred within four (A) minutes of time. 

3. COMMMENT; Persora furnishing this information appeared to be 
particuarEr sincere and interested. 

4. ACTION: Two copies mailed through District Office No, 5 to 
Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force 
Base, Dayton, Ohio, ATTRA ACIA. Additional copies forwarded to: 

5th OSI District (HQ) (2) 
Commanding General, Tenth Air Force (2) 
Commanding Officer, 56tli Fighter- 
Interceptor Wing, Selfridge AFB Commanding Officer , 514th ACBM Ope- (3)

R. S.Ritf 
RS iffe
R. S. RITE 
Major, USAF 
District Commander 
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200,10 

CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED
```