There is a photograph present at the bottom of the page, consisting of three partially obscured images that appear to depict a landscape or object of interest. Each image is accompanied by an annotation.

The text on the document is as follows:

---

CONFIDENTIAL

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT

Following is a report of the sighting of an unidentified object in the Oak Ridge Area by the undersigned. On the morning of 18 December 1950, the following personnel were riding to their work at NEPA Division, Fairchild Engine and Airplane Corp., in the S-50 Area at Oak Ridge, Tennessee:

Lt. Col. ██████, USAF

Cdr. ██████, USN

Major ██████, USAF

Major W. ██████, USAF

Mr. ██████

Mr. ██████

Mr. Commander ██████, and Major ████ were riding in the front seat; Col. ████, Major ██████, and Mr. ████ were in the rear.

At approximately 0827, while riding southwest on the turnpike just outside the restricted area, Col. ████ sighted a very bright reflection through the windshield of the car. Major ████ who was sitting beside Col. ██████ and whose attention was attached by Col. ████ looking at the sky, sighted the same reflection. Col. ████ then called the attention of the remaining occupants of the car to the reflection. Of these, Commander ██████ also sighted the reflection, but Mr. ██████, Mr. ██████, and Major ████ did not sight it.

The reflection was visible through the front windshield of the car only for a moment because, shortly thereafter, the road turned to the right. The corresponding turn of the car so placed the relative position of the reflection that it could not be seen through the left front window, which was frosted. The windshield, however, was not frosted and permitted excellent vision.

The object appeared only as the bright reflection of the sun from an apparently metal surface, much as might be expected from an aircraft at a great distance. No accurate estimate of the object's size or range could be made from the observation. It appeared to be west-southwest of Oak Ridge Townsite at an angle of elevation of about 250° from the level.
Lt. Col. ██████, USAF

A TRUE COPY

S. E. HUNT

Maj USAF

SIO2F-10EL,  USAF, LO-10H

Lt. Col. USAF

COMMANDER, USN

Lt., Major, USAF

UNCLASSIFIED

---