The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

UNCLASSIFIED

From the station in Zone R and is as of 0300Z on 9 March 1950 as CONFIDENTIAL.

Three objects were observed at 0230 hours, after the pilot had left a static port in the vicinity. They were observed to go downward to the northwest and pass beyond a yellow-white light in the sky.

The AGHOC at this time was advised accordingly and stated they had contacted the lights of the IZ on ground-to-air radar. He showed his car beacon and pointed the lights, also stated that the lights are above the ground.

Air Force Base was alerted to the details and the lights seen at this time were observed to descend and disappear. The approximate path of the two objects was from the southwest to the northeast, varying in speed and size of an irregular light which is a light pattern showing through a smoke or fog-like material. This smoky or fog-like material is considered to be around the light, not a casing or optical device. The first appeared to be a flare-like, due to the color of the light. It caused the observer to think something had been dropped. It is reported the object then disappeared with the light holding, behaving as though illuminated by an internal source. The lights then proceeded inward, with closing speed of approximately 50 to 60 miles. The light then went out simultaneously, both went out at the same time with no trail or smoke visible.

COMMENT: Persons furnishing this information appeared to be generally reliable and informed.

ACTION: Two copies mailed through District Office No. 5 to Commanding General, Air Material Command. Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. For review and analysis.

5th OSI District (MI) (2)
Commanding General, Air Force (2)
Commanding Officer, ACORN 5 (2)
Commanding Officer, SPRINTGER AFB (2) 
Commanding Officer, 3lst AD GP. (2)

R. B. KUITE
Major USAF
District Commander

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED