There is no photograph present on this page.

Below is the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS
CONTINENTAL AIR COMMAND
MITCHEL AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK

INT 373.8 (E)

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Director of Intelligence, Headquarters United States Air Force, Washington 25, D. C. 

1. Attached for your information are two narrative reports concerning radar sighting of an unidentified flying object. 

2. The fact that the object was sighted on the scopes of two (2) radars is considered worthy of special note.

3. Comment of technical experts, this headquarters, was solicited and is quoted in part for your consideration:

     a. "While it is relatively well known that various ionospheric conditions cause reflections at lower frequencies, it is usually considered that these layers have no effect at the frequencies used by the two radar sets mentioned except when temperature inversion or other atmospheric or tropospheric conditions cause ducting and spurious reflections. Presuming that such idealized conditions existed at the time of these observations, it is conceivable that an actual small change in physical lateral motion in reference to the radar set could cause a seemingly greater change in relative position of the 'object' as observed on the radar scope due to the varying path lengths the radar energy makes to and from the 'object' as a function of the frequency sensitive layers and angles of incidence of the propagated wave. However, the great difference in the frequencies of the L-Band CPS-5 and the S-Band CPS-4 radar sets and the evident correlation of observations between these two sets almost rule out the possibility of anomalous propagation effects. Further, the magnitude of the velocities and accelerations of the three dimensional movements of the 'object' reported are beyond the capability of known heavier or lighter than air vehicles in controlled flight.

     b. "Also substantiating this unlikelihood, is the fact that the 'object' was reported as remaining stationary in free space for a mean-period of two minutes.

     c. "Further validity is lent to the contention of the reports by statements that first indications, which were at high altitudes, were

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```
