The image contains a text document, but there is no photograph present. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

RESTRICTED
TELCON NO. 241 18 APR 1950

AUG Item 11
From Lt Col Linstrand IICIA to Maj Boggs D/I Hq USAF

The following reports of an unguided object in the vicinity of W-P AFB are forwarded, reference telephone conversation Maj Boggs 17 Apr:

Report by Captain Robert M. Howe: 8 Mar 50:

"At approximately 7:45 A.M. I was informed by the control tower that a pattern field to the north apparently indicated an object which was high over the field. The tower told me this object had been originally reported by three airline pilots to the Vandalia control tower. The pilots described it as a long, slender body at an estimated altitude of 9,000 to 10,000 feet and approaching from the northwest. By the time I received this information the Vandalia control had the object sighted."

"At approximately 8:10 A.M. Major Kenneth C. Chilstrom took off in an F-80 to search the area. At this time and for approximately the next hour the Vandalia control tower had the object visually located, and they gave this information as about 15-50 degrees bearing from the tower. They did not know the altitude or distance from the station, but they estimated it to be at the height of the high cirrus clouds over the field."

"At approximately 8:30 AM I called Colonel Osgood of the Electronic subdivision to get any radar assistance the Division might be able to give. I also contacted Captain Whitling of the all weather search radar which is located at Vandalia, Ohio. Colonel Osgood said his radar equipment was still in visual contact with the object, but they were unsuccessful. At one time Major Chilstrom said he fairly close to the object, but he was unable to identify any object or body of any kind. Shortly afterwards, however, a National Guard pilot from Vandalia, Colonel Shaefer, sighted an object when he was on the ground, and he took off in his F-51 and attempted to track it, but was unsuccessful."