There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a text-based document from Project Blue Book containing a summary of information about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting over Orangeburg, South Carolina.

Text from the document:

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION
DATE: 14 March 1950
SUBJECT: G-2, Hq Third Army, Fort McPherson, Georgia
UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT CITED OVER ORANGEBURG, SOUTH CAROLINA
The ATLANTA JOURNAL, 10 March 1950, carried the following articles:
"Orangeburg, S.C., March 10 - A mysterious object reported by a growing number of flying saucer reports with the description of a disk which disappeared over Orangeburg about 10:15 minutes, then disappeared leaving a vapor trail."
"Six members of the staff of the ORANGEBURG TIMES and DEMOCRAT said they saw the disk Thursday night after Mrs. Donald Law, wife of the city editor, told them about it. They said it was about the size of a new moon, brighter."
"Published said the disk appeared to turn slowly in the air and disappearing and reappearing in the western sky. Two reporters of the composing room employees said they saw the disk while driving on a highway 15 miles outside Orangeburg."
"Another flying saucer was reported Thursday by residents of Van Nuys, Calif., who told police they saw a bright disk flying about 400 feet in the air. All witnesses said they were sure it was not an aircraft or any known variety."
"Composer___ and actor___ and his wife said they
studied the disk through a telescope and it appeared to be 50 feet in diameter."
"At the same time Mexican and U.S. Government officials in Mexico City denied a report that a flying saucer had crashed near the capital with a 25-inch man aboard."
"However, the Mexican government newspaper, EL NACIONAL, quoted a famous Mexican astronomer as saying the numerous disks reported over Mexico 'carry visitors from Mars.'"
"The unidentified Mexican scientist wrote that the manner of flight and propulsion of the disks 'make it obvious that they come from another world.' He said his claim would be confirmed in the near future 'when one of the disks is chased to earth by some military planes.'"

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALSCode: JOB 33-C.O.LO.