The image contains a photograph that appears to be a blurred or obscured object or aircraft. The text in the document states that the image is "DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS. DECLASSIFICATION 1 MAY 1968. DOD DIR 5200.10 UNCLASSIFIED", indicating that the document has been declassified.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Having accepted a to a reasonable degree the objectivity of the experience I tried to explain it in a acceptable natural terms. That what had seen was an atmospheric phenomenon known to me was not admissible. I learned to fly in 1936 and have been aviation ever since that time, and had served in the Southwest Pacific area, Squadron Commander and director of air support for the 5th Air Force for two years. Squadron Commander and director of air control school in 1942. served in the Southwest Pacific years as instructor, section and group officer of the Air Materiel Command and liaison officer with the Training Control and Warning Group in the Air National Guard, with the rank of Lt. Colonel.
I in the Air is a most unresponsible assumption that I am relatively familiar with aircraft types and capabilities.
Upon examining the possibility of searchlights being responsible I was forced to discard that theory because twice I had seen mass, solid object with strong wind on the surface and a sort of electrical aura around it. This phenomena wass entirely different from any searchlight. powerful enough to cast a spot on the cloud base at that distance.
The only solution which seemed acceptable to me, and I still do not know whether it is accepdata, was that we were being followed by some "stellar soreno" or some other luminous hydro-carbon disturbance in the atmosphere. With strong winds on the surface and electrical disturbances in the atmosphere it is understanable that he had picked up a heavy load of ice in descending through the overcast, so prominently that with ice crystals I filled observer was not satisfactory an answer this theme did not eliminate the possibility that what I had witnessed was a technological phenomena of which we were not familiar.

For obvious reasons no formal report/of this incident was made to any superior comamnd developing from irresponsible or hysterical sources. One hesitates to solicit ridicule, but in view of the close similarity of what I witnessed and what has been seen by others elsewhere, I feel it incumbent to submit this report in spite of that risk.