The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an unclassified report or document related to a "mysterious streak of light" that was reportedly seen by locals in Jackson, Mississippi on November 14, 1950. The text describes the sighting, including details about the object's appearance, behavior, and reactions from officials and residents. There is no identifying information about any individuals mentioned in the text.

UNCLASSIFIED
Spl Intelligence Report, DD Fp, 25 Nov 50, Subj: Report of Unconventional Aircraft

Stephens, of the 185th Fighter Squadron of the Mississippi Air National Guard, said the object was reported in Jackson, McComb and Meridian. He said his 200 mile an hour and reached an altitude of 21,000 feet in his pursuit. 

The Jackson DAILY NEWS (Jackson, Mississippi), 14 November 1950, carried the following account of a "mysterious streak of light." 

"'Could Be,' Jacksonians Say, Seeing Vapor Trail"

A mysterious streak of light in the sky here late Monday apparently startled local citizens and left newsmen and weather bureau officials wondering what could have caused it.

Officials at the control tower at the airport said it probably was a vapor trail from a jet plane, but Jacksonians who saw it thought otherwise, with many of them saying "it had a bluish trail." 

The same light was reported seen in Florence and Vicksburg.

It was described as changing in color from orange to reddish-brown and then to white as it disappeared toward the horizon.

As the Weather Bureau officials said the light "first was seen directly over the city" and that it moved from east to west at a height of "well above 20,000 feet," they said they could not explain what it was.

West Jackson residents reported they "watched the light for some time before it disappeared." Their guesses as to what it was ranged from "a flying saucer" to "some kind of strange object."

It was described as having an oblong shape.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL, DECLASSIFIED AFTER 15 YEARS.
DDD DIR 5200.10