The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old Project Blue Book report about unidentified flying objects observed near New Orleans, Louisiana on October 10, 1950.

UNCLASSIFIED
Spot Intelligence Report, DO #9, 7 Nov 50, subj: Report of Unconventional Aircraft

(a) Location: Observers were in the neighborhood of the Charity Hospital, New Orleans. The observation was first seen at an azimuth of approximately 45 degrees True and was traveling in a northerly direction. The observers estimated that the object was flying at an altitude of at least one (1) mile.

(b) Manner of Observation: Visual from the ground.

(c) Weather Conditions: Bright sun, no clouds.

(d) Description of Object:
(a) According to the observers, the object was pipe and sharp in appearance, 20 feet by 5 to 6 inches.
(b) According to the observers, it was shaped like the side view of a saucer, 30 to 40 feet long and 5 to 6 feet thick.
(c) Object glowed bright with a whitish-blue light. Both observers claimed that the object appeared to glow for about 2-3 minutes. It was reported that the object was composed of a bright light. It was noted that the object was glittering like facets on a diamond. The object made no noise and left no visible exhaust. No evidence of speed was made. The object faded in the distance until it was 1 minute out of sight. Both observers were in sufficient agreement as to the description of the object that they were confident in their observation.

(e) No meteorological condition was indicated which might account for the sighting. No physical evidence was obtained.

(f) The observers stated that the object was in military service and familiar with the appearance of normal aircraft. Mrs. , New Orleans, on 11 October 1950, reported unidentified flying objects seen by her as follows:

(1) Time: 10 or 11 October 1950 (hour unknown).
(2) Location of Observers: Charity Hospital, New Orleans, Louisiana. Objects sighted in a northerly direction.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
200 DIS 200-10