There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. However, I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document as requested.

UNCLASSIFIED
SPOT Intelligence Report, DO # 78, 7 NOV 60, subj: Reports of Unconventional Aircraft.

He said he got a pocket telescope and watched the object but the object was plainly what was sighted at the vapor trail. The object did not hurry. It took its time and disappeared from sight.

The witnesses took declared that there were two of them and said they were long and round like a cigar.

The New Orleans Station on 10 October 1950, carried the following report of the observations made by the witnesses: "It was shaped like a flat or broad." He said it was leaning some "away" which may have been the reflection of the sun. The object was silently and made "no noise whatsoever." He said it remained in the same position for about 5 minutes. Its disappearance, he said, it was done and then blush.

The witness declared that there were two of them and said they were long and round like a cigar.
The New Orleans Station on 10 October 1950, carried the following report of the observations made by the witnesses: "It was shaped like a flat or broad." He said it was leaning some "away" which may have been the reflection of the sun. The object was silently and made "no noise whatsoever." He said it remained in the same position for about 5 minutes. Its disappearance, he said, it was done and then blush. 

"Same time as a soldier in Arizona said he saw a pocket ships while you can tell that soldier that he wasn't seeing things because I believe I saw it too."

"You see it was that way back in 1947 we were out on the Atlantic fishing. It was just before sundown. A man and I had the feeling that somebody was staring at me. But nobody was looking at me."

"All of a sudden I looked up at the sky and there was this object. It looked to be at the moment like I could reach out and touch it. Other objects came to look at it, but all of a sudden it made two puffs of flame and smoke and was gone. It traveled a little way with the first puff, but with the second puff it was gone."

DOWNGRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVALS
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED