There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report, containing text content only.

HOW MUCH LIKE US?
- by Justin Case -

In November 1957, the magazine "This Week" (a supplement to many Sunday newspapers) contained an article entitled "What Will Invaders from Space Look Like?" The article, by astronomer Justin Case, gives his thoughts on what visitors from space will probably be like. Mr. Case thinks visitors from space will be less than 250 pounds, possess a skull, two eyes, two ears, and hands and feet. They will probably be extremely intelligent, much more so than "homo sapiens next door," said Mr. Case, so that "the chances are you wouldn't even give them a second look."

Mr. Case says that most of the "millions and millions of stars or suns" most of which have planets. Our invaders from space will undoubtedly come from some number of these millions of planets. The inhabitants of these planets, says Mr. Case, will be interested in studying all possible forms of life, containing all possible forms of life, only one form of which is likely to be our own that "you wouldn't even give them a second look." And this form of life, according to Mr. Case, will not impress our space visitors much, as our entertainment stories (saucer contact stories) indicate we are "easy marks" to look like us. He says that any strange-looking person they see might be a visitor from space. At the same time, most of the visitors from space are having anything but "human form."

The better class of astronomers, who are intelligent, imaginative, and well-educated. Much of their science-fiction is based on science conducted scientifically, so, of course, do not think their stories more interesting than the more likely to be right, Mr. Case or the science-fiction writers. For the danger to our existence is not from the stranger science-fiction or fantasy, but from the science of Biology (the study of life) and one of its branches, the study of Evolution, the processes and laws governing the development into more complex and higher forms, adapting themselves to changes in their environment during the process of Evolution we obtain the following:

almost limitless ... Many different forms of life thrive side by side, in the ocean depths and on tops of mountains, for instance, will be amazed at the variety of life to be found there.

(2) life is very persistent and tenacious, existing even under seemingly impossible conditions. Thus, vegetable and animal life are found under ice-caps, and even under ocean bottoms.

It is very difficult to kill off, as anyone who has tried, different forms of animate (living). Torpid animals, such as cave bears, may be enclosed hermetically, a turtle withdraws into its shell, a horse fights with its hoofs. Other animals protect themselves only by means of their speed, like the rabbit. Thus evolution is rapid, though (aided toward the extinction. Perhaps that is why many prehistoric animals are now extinct.

(3) Man, the only animal on Earth intelligent enough to develop the power of reasoning and record his observations, is rapidly outpacing, in destructive power, other forms of life, which, in time, may lead to extinction.