The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a historic UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

October 15, 1950, 3:20 p.m. Stopped at Kerr Hollow gate where I was on duty
observed in the sky a silvery disk-like object traveling at an estimated speed of over 1,500 miles per hour through a layer "W".
The object appeared to be 12,000 to 15,000 feet high and east by north of
the gate. Approximately one and one-half minutes from the gate. At this time,
the size appeared to be about the size of a four or five passenger plane.
The object left a smoke trail with the same color as its body and about the same size as a quarter of a mile long. The smoke was a grayish color. The
object bore toward the sky at a 45 degree angle. The entire smoke trail was
clearly observed. It was clear and calm on the ground. When the object failed to complete the
circular loop, it went into the house and reported its appearance. Up to
this time, I thought it to be a plane doing some skywriting. While I
was making the phone call, the object continued on its course and disappeared
from sight. The first object was approximately 50 feet in diameter and a bright
silver or aluminum color. The second object was the same size and shape and
about 50 feet behind the first object. The second object appeared to be
attached to the first object's smoke trail with about a 50 degree forward
slant, yet the second object was moving in the same direction of the first
object and not drawing away from the smoke trail of the first object. At this
way, it should have some degree of control according to the smoke and direction. At
this time, the entire group of objects was at an estimated height of approximately 1,500 feet both objects began pulling out of the vertical dive. During
the entire descent, both objects diminished in size. 
From 1,500 feet, the
angle of descent was about 15 degrees. At about 500 feet, the second object
took a sharp downward turn toward the ground. The object commenced to a point north
of the perimeter fence over the roadway about 60 yards from the gatehouse
toward the Gorley hill.This smoke trail in the object was when it came out of the
vertical dive, the smoke reappeared and then diminished to about the size of the
first object's smoke trail. The smoke trail had discontinued but there was a trail that had the appear-
ance of a ribbon about 5 or 6 feet thick. At times this trail lengthened to
almost 20 feet. While hovering, it had a burnt or dark brown appearance.
The tail had an oscillescent, spinning appearance with a dark line running down
through the center of it. The main object was still rush metallic in
color. The object was moving about 50 or 60 feet above the ground. A second
group was sighted about the same time traveling in a southeasterly direction and the first object was
moving southward as I moved toward it. When I got to within 50 feet of it,
the main object was about 4 to 6 feet from the main link fence on the south
side of the road. It moved straight up to about 12 feet and then descended
a horizontal movement southward across the fence, then it again moved straight
up to about sixty feet where it again moved south over a light pole and
hollow small stump and it seemed to disappear. This observation lasted about
4 to 5 minutes. The plant fire department, from the Atomic Energy
Construction Company, came along and I stopped him and asked him to observe it.

UNCLASSIFIED