There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report describing a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION REPORT
INTELLIGENCE DIVISION, DIRECTORATE OF INTELLIGENCE HEADQUARTERS, USAF, WASHINGTON 25, D.C., 22 AUG 50

1. The following statement concerning the observation of an unidentified aerial object is submitted by Captain, USAF, Nicosia Air Base Group, Wheelus Field, Tripoli, Libya:

On 20 August 1950, while on the ramp at Nicosia Airfield, I observed a very bright, bluish-white object moving at a high rate of speed from a point directly overhead towards the west. The object was observed through open windows of the hangar and was visible for approximately twenty-five (25) degrees below the zenith; the brilliancy of the object in flight would have permitted observation at higher altitudes, but it disappeared from sight. The object maintained a constant high speed and left no trail. The size of the object was estimated to be about 1/10 the size of the moon and the color was a brilliant bluish-white. A later check with the weather report at 2230 hours on 20 August 1950 at 2,500 feet. This undoubtedly was the aircraft whose engines I heard, and whose aerial object in question, I saw.

2. This observation is substantially confirmed by the following respective eyewitnesses: USAF officers also having observed the unidentified aerial object.

On 20 August 1950, between the hours of 2130 and 2330, the following USAF personnel observed a bright, round, fast-moving object over the Nicosia Airfield: Captain, USAF; 1st Lt, USAF; Maj, USAF; and I st Lt, USAF. The object was observed while walking from the MARS detachment offices, Nicosia Airfield, to a parked C-47 aircraft, preparatory to a routine flight to Athens, Greece. The object was seen to appear suddenly from the northwest, travel at a terrific speed, and disappear to the southeast. Its color was a brilliant white-blue and its visibility at least fifty miles. The object remained in view for only a few seconds.

I can verify that the observation of the unidentified aerial object as related by the eyewitnesses is as they have described it, and that it is their impression the object was some form of aircraft of unconventional nature. USAF, to this phenomenon, and he can do so too.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

UNCLASSIFIED