There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document titled "SUMMARY OF INFORMATION" related to a UFO sighting over Oak Ridge, Tennessee on 12 and 13 October 1950.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

SUBJECT: 113th CIC Detachment, FAO # 8, P. O. Box 379, Knoxville, Tennessee
OBJECT SIGHTED: OVER OAK RIDGE, TENN.

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION:
The night of 12 and 13 October 1950, after 2325 hours on 12 October 1950, the Security Patrol at the Atomic Energy Commission Plant, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, reported seeing a bright light maneuvering at approximately 190 degrees, 1500 - 3000 feet altitude, at 100 to 125 miles per hour. The radar sightlights simultaneously called the Security Command to inform them that there was no report of any aircraft flying in the vicinity of Y-12. AEC 2330 wing, stationed at Knoxville, Tennessee, was notified. All weather flights were grounded as no known aircraft were airborne in the area. The "scrambled" fighter was airborne at 2339 and shortly thereafter the first radar target was detected. The fighter pilot advised that no object was visible to the control tower as the object recorded on all three occasions neither the pilot nor the observer saw any object visually and no object was sighted in the pilot mirrors or radar screen. At 0010 hours on 13 October 1950 the fighter had to return to its base due to fuel shortage, approximately 5 shown on the control radar screen.
The Central Officer at the Knoxville Radar Station stated that the radar targets were approximately the size of a small aircraft and that the "pips" would increase and decrease in intensity making the target assemble, alternatively, into a V-shaped and a circular pattern and did not show the normal characteristics of an aircraft due to high and low intensity, at approximately the same altitude, and flying in the similar magnetic course. Summary of other air Defense Command, Control Center, Selfridge Field, Detroit, Michigan, was notified. Capt. Summerell advised that there were no practice missions scheduled in this area. At 0210 hours, the Eastern Air Defense Command headquarters, Stewart Air Force Base, Newburgh, N.Y., was advised of the existing conditions and that investigators would be sent after daylight.
At approximately 1400 hours, 13 October 1950, investigators from the Eastern Air Defense Command Office of Special Investigations, Security Division, Armed Forces at the Oak Ridge Security, had been advised, some of which were technical advisers in radar sightings. Several theories were rejected due to improbability.
It was note concluded that unidentified aircraft were responsible for these radar sightings because before the second group appeared on the screen, the Security Patrol of the Oak Ridge Tennessee, had been advised and no unidentified aircraft were visible.

DISTRIBUTION: 1. to Commanding General, Third Army
                     2. to CIC Knoxville, Tennessee 
                     3. to FBI, Knoxville, Tennessee