There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
CASE NO. 1025
MEMORANDUM TO THE OFFICER IN CHARGE
1. On 23 March 1950 Thomas J. McMANAMY accompanied by John F. KANE, investigators, Military Intelligence, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, interviewed Mrs. WEXLER, Route 20, Wateritch, Highlands, New Jersey.
She stated that at approximately 1740 hours on 15 March 1950, while she was walking home on Waterwitch Avenue and upon reaching the Highlands Railroad Station, she noticed the occupants of an automobile suddenly get out of their car and look up toward the sky. She also looked at the sky and observed three luminous, bright and shiny, with white streaks projecting from the rear of each of the three discs. The male occupants of the automobile said he thought he would be able to take a picture of the objects if he had a camera, so that he could take a picture of the odd sight.
A passenger bus then came along and stopped and the passengers alighted from the bus and also watched the strange phenomena.
Mrs. WEXLER described the objects to be gliding along in the sky at a good rate of speed and said that the objects appeared to be about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length. She said that when the objects first sighted, they were traveling from the south, but later changed direction and continued out over the ocean and disappeared. The sun was setting in the west. The objects were travelling at a high rate of speed. They did not appear to be airplanes and did not appear though they were propelled, but were travelling at a high rate of speed.
She stated that she was born in Newark, New Jersey, and has lived in Highlands, New Jersey for the past twelve years; is forty-three years of age and is a housewife.
She was serving as Chairlady for the Red Cross and is also County Chairlady for the Sister Kenny Foundation and Publicity Chairlady of the Highlands Democratic Club.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADE TO T3 YEARS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
ANDREW J. REID, CIV.INTELL.OFFICE., SECURITY & INTELL.DIV.,
FORT MONMOUTH, N.J.