There are no photographs present in this image. The image consists of a typed document. Below is the OCR output of all the text in the document:

---

Country: Chile
Report No. IR-42-50
AF-156200-1
Subject: Flying Discs
From: Air Attache, Chile
Date of Report: 30 Mar 50
Date of information: current
Evaluator: 
Prepared by: Harry L. Mitchell, Major, USAF
Source: Newspaper reports and personal observations of Air Attache Office personnel.

1. Flying discs are being "seen" in various parts of Chile. First sighting was at Punta Arenas, lat 53°06' S, long 70°53'W on 11 Mar at noon. Many inhabitants of the city witnessed this phenomena which appeared northeast of the city and traveled toward the southwest. Usual description was given—extreme altitude, silver in color, shaped like a ping-pong ball. The Director of the Observatorio Astronomio de the University of Chile, Prof. Frederico Rutland, made a statement to the local press that what the people were seeing was the planet Venus which is clearly visible this time of year at that latitude.

2. Second sighting of a disc took place in the Santiago area, San Bernardo and Valparaiso on the 24th and 25th of March with the usual description given by the populace being quoted in the local press.

3. Third sighting of a disc occurred 28 March between 1330 and 1410 over Santiago, Chile. Downtown area was crowded with people looking into the sky observing this phenomenon. M/Sgt. *atterson, 6249735, assigned to this office as a 502, personally observed an object travelling at an extreme rate of speed and altitude. (See
attached statement and diagram.)

COMMENT: On 29 March this observer saw a silver colored, stationary object in the same relative position as was witnessed by the local populace the preceding day; and after careful observation Concluded it to be the planet Venus and not a flying disc.

Professor Rutland (par 1) repeated his statement to the press today that the object had to be Venus.

Local press has headlined "flying disc" dispatches from all countries reporting sightings.

                                         HARRY L. MITCHELL
                                         Major, USAF
                                         Assistant Air Attache

APPROVED:

                                          JAY P. THOMAS
                                          Lt Col, USAF
                                          Air Attache

file 503.91

1 Incl
Statement and diagram
M/Sgt Patterson

---

Please note that the name "Patterson" appears to be incomplete due to a typographical error in the original document.