The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically incident report number 1 from the Ordnance Department at the Red River Arsenal in Texarkana, Texas, dated June 29, 1950.

UNCLASSIFIED
ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT
RED RIVER ARSENAL
TEXARKANA, TEXAS

DO NOT RECORD

29 June 1950

Incident No. 1

TO : Commanding General
Headquarters Fourth Army
Fort Sam Houston, Texas
ATTN: AC of S, G-2

1. Date of observation: 27 June 1950. Date of interview: 28 June 1950.
2. Exact time of observation (local) - 7:50 A.M.
3. Place of observation: 2992.60 - 667.01. Intersection of Van Buren
Street and Fourth Street in the town of the local area, Red River Arsenal.
This is the position of the observer. Object was observed and appeared to be over coordinates 2992.01 - 667.01.
4. When first observed, observer was in a Federal truck headed south on
Van Buren Street at the intersection of Fourth Street. Notice was
attracted to the object by its bright appearance. Observer noticed
an oval shaped object of bright aluminum color which flashed forward and
glanced up through the right front portion of the windshield and
then moved out of sight. Observation continued through the last door window
which put the vehicle headed west and observation continued through
the last door window.
5. Object appeared bright and glittering. This attracted attention.
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: One. See
sketch attached.
7. Apparent size (compare to known objects, i.e... sun, moon, thumb or
finger at arms length): Described as appearing to be as large as
an ordinary automobile. Details could not be discerned due to the
bright aluminum appearance.
8. Color of objects: bright aluminum.
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): Object
observed was spherical in shape, about the size of an automobile, and
looked rather like the upper portion of an automobile with fins on the
side. No visible openings or details could be observed.

UNCLASSIFIED