There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be an old Project Blue Book UFO report from New Orleans, Louisiana dated October 9, 1950.

UNCLASSIFIED
Spot Intelligence Report: DO 18, 7 Nov 50, subj: Reported an errantial light
From the hospital, they were more than a mile distant
(a) Manner of observation: Visual from a window of hospital; observed for approx. two (2) hours
(c) Behavior of object(s): Traveling erratic flight, occasionally stopped and drifted downward, describing spiral flights. Diving spiringly, objections with round bodies and short wings. Objects were indistinct and left no visible exhaust trails. They appeared to be constantly illuminated. The outline of formation was maintained, but the individual objects were not clearly delineated
(e) METEOROLOGICAL: advised that the has no information as a passenger on private airplanes many times
(e) He physical evidence was obtainable. He observed conditions were reported which could have accounted for this sighting.

Following account of a "flying discs" reportedly sighted by members of a family of Jonesville. 
"Jonesville, Nov 6 (Special) - "Flying saucers" made their first reported appearance over Cottondale Sunday at the Little River farm of C.S. Peyton and his family.

"About 1:45 p.m. Judy Peyton, the family cook, was on her way home after washing the dinner dishes. She rushed back into the Peyton house and told the family there was a 'flight of flying saucers' out there over the tree tops. They're hovering right out there over the tree tops."

"Six members of the Peyton family rushed outside to see the saucers, which by that time had risen to a considerable height above the ground. They watched the objects for some twenty minutes, but they couldn't tell anything about the shape or size".

"As they watched, he said, the saucers went up to the northwest. There were twin exhausts, such as could be made by jet planes, but the saucers did not stay parallel, he said."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS: 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS  
DOI: DEC 2000

UNCLASSIFIED