There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing an "Analysis of Photographic Material" related to Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Analysis of Photographic Material -6- Serial 01

Jet aircraft based here at that time, so that if any were in the air, they would have been mistaken, this did the photographic examination could not have stated but this explanation is not convincing, the contrast against the blue sky being much greater than could be expected of just exhaust under the film exposure conditions.

The objects left no observable trail and their tracking for 16 seconds was reported insufficient for manipulation. Their brightness, speed, almost precisely rectilinear path, steady motion, and sudden disappearance conditioned with their suppression that they were birds. These same facts together with the weather report also seem to rule out various forms of optical mirage or cloud reflections (IO).

It is apparent that the most possible natural phenomenon which could account for these film effects would be multiple reflections. There are, however, several factors which make such a hypothesis quite strained. First, it is not certain that the camera were in proper or other aircraft flying in formation at this particular time and place. Second, the reflection from the rotating blades might have produced up to 50 images per second, but about twelve objects only were observed. Third, assuming a 175° azimuth heading, the distortion of any mirror or cloud reflection would hardly bear the observed linear and undistorted direction and persistence.

Meteors seldom are visible for more than three seconds (4), (5). Some bright fireballs can be observed up to six seconds but their orbit and angular velocity would no doubt be quite different. Their trails may persist up to 10 seconds (6).

The speeds involved might possibly be compatible with those of birds. Some birds may reach medium speeds of up to 45 to 55 mph. However, it is doubtful if any birds could have flight characteristics as depicted on the film, e.g. if they were to be 3 strokes per second (cf. (9)), a more erratic path with considerable variation in luminosity would undoubtedly have been produced. Any birds could hardly keep such a linear and undistorted course.

All of these paths are directed away from the Air Force Base but might conceivably be a section of a landing pattern. Note that all paths inditially converge close to the observer giving a better opportunity for visual recognition of them as being jet planes.