The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document is as follows:

The undersigned is employed as a watch supervisor in the Civil Aeronautics Administration Control Tower at Logan International Airport, Boston, Mass. On the night of April 7, 1950 I was on duty in the Logan Tower. Also present on duty at the Tower were the following controllers: CAPT and all holders of current Senior Airman Traffic Controller Ratings.
The undersigned observed an unidencle light which was measured 16,000 overcast, visibility fifteen plus, temperature 38, dew point 13, wind northeast at 15 mph. The light appeared about 23 25 mph. It appeared to be at approximately 2155 B.S.T. I noticed a light due west of the Tower which caused my attention because of its unconventional color - a deep blue - I secured binoculars on the light to determine what the aircraft color could be and found no aircraft. The light had a pulsating quality, an elliptical pattern of light blurred at the edges and deep blue in color. It was moving in a north from southeast to northwest direction. I continued watching the light closely and its movement seemed to be a controlled, unconventional rate of speed which I could not determine its altitude but it was about 15 degrees above the horizon when first seen. The light changed from deep blue to a sharply distinct white. At this point I summoned the other controllers two of whom Confirmed the observation. As we watched, the single blue light appeared to dissolve into two blue lights which began to rapidly ascend, one breaking away at an acute angle. As the process continued this erratic and trajectory took them from our view. I was about to accept the lights as being two searchlights that someone was playing with when suddenly their trajectory took them from our sight with such speed that I was about to accept the conclusion that they were two searchlights that someone was playing with, whereupon suddenly their trajectory took them from our sight with such speed that was in no way comparable to any known aircraft.
In evaluating the experience, the undersigned expressed the possibility of the incident being subjective, but the fact that four of us saw the same thing would seem to mitigate this possibility.