The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a detailed written report.

SUBJECT: "FLYING THING"
FROM: PAO-49, Spartanburg, S. C.
TO: Chief, SID Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio

On 24 July 1950, Mr. T.T.F., a reporter for the Spartanburg Herald Journal, was interviewing Mrs. Gwynne, when he was informed by her about a "FLYING THING" that was reported seen by her Saturday night, 22 July 1950. Mrs. Gwynne and her husband were at the Star Light Drive-In Theater, which is located North East of Spartanburg, on the Asheville, N.C. highway. They were attending the last show, which started approximately 9:30 p.m. As their car was stopped watching the picture for only a short while, when Mr. Gwynne noticed an object in the sky which was round and made a slight surface shine as it reflected from a bright surface. The object was being reflected off and was an estimated two thousand (2,000) feet in the air and they watched the object for several minutes before Mrs. Gwynne got out of the automobile and went to the car that was parked in front of theirs to see if they had also observed the object. By that time the object had disappeared; however, only a few minutes later the object appeared again in the same place. Mrs. Gwynne kept track of the object's location by sighting from a light pole which the object appeared to pass on the left and a little to the right and she and her husband both observed the object. Approximately 5 minutes before the object disappeared again, the object appeared a third time and seemed to have lowered and a little more to the right of the position that it was observed the first and second time the object appeared. The bottom, which was round and the shape of a saucer, was being reflected from a bright surface suspended in the air. Mr. Gwynne stated that each time the object appeared it was surrounded by a slight amount of smoke, which he does not believe was a glow as he may have assumed could have been steam and clouds could have covered the object. The object did not move while it was visible to him and that it appeared to remain in the same place. The third time it appeared it had moved and was considerably lower and to the right of the position it was before. Mr. Gwynne stated that it was difficult to estimate its size and altitude, but it appeared to him that the bottom surface of the object was around two hundred (200) feet in diameter. He states it was about 2,000 feet altitude and was approximately 1200 yards from where he was observing it. Mr. Gwynne stated that he did not know what the object was, but that he had never seen anything like it before and that UNCLASSIFIED.