The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that provides an analysis of photographic material. The document discusses various details about the analysis, including the image of a "brilliant light source" as seen by either the eye or a camera, the size of the image, and reflections observed. The text also mentions details about the photographic experiment, including the use of a chrome plated model and a cylindrical reflector. The document provides an in-depth analysis of the photographic evidence and measurements taken.

Analysis of Photographic Material

APPENDIX II

The image of any brilliant light source as seen by either the eye or a camera appears much larger than the luminous object. An extreme example of this is the image of the sun which subtends an angle of about 1/2 degree when viewed with the naked eye. The image seen in a plane mirror at 100 feet reflecting the sun's disc is exaggerated some 15 times. This fact has obvious bearing on the analysis of UFO films. It therefore militates a photogrammetric experiment conducted by the author on December 10, 11, 1955. The experiment was devised to obtain definitive information relative to the analysis of various small bright sources or reflected sunlight (cf. figure 8(b)).

Our hundred and ninety millimeter cylindrical reflections of the images of various small bright sources were examined. The tests included stills, as well as 16 mm and 8 mm movie pictures and shots of various artificial reflections also were taken.

The most pertinent facts gleaned from this experiment involved the analysis of original specular sun reflection (see figure 8(c)) and a bright cylindrical reflector (cf. figure 8(a)). the author then shows these objects as magnification in the glass of the DC-6 photographic enlargement. It is stated that the DC-6 model photographed from a distance that would give the same image size picture as the full scale original from about three miles; the bright images are of dimension corresponding to 0.004 x 0.002 radians. Figure 9(a) shows reflections at 50 foot airplane in geometry to a fifty-foot airplane at a distance of about two miles; the dimensions at this smaller distance were 0.024 x 0.014 radians. Figure 9(b) shows the image at altitude was 0.004 radians. The UFO image intensity appears to be slightly less than that of the 50 foot jet, and techniques would not allow quantitative analysis in this regard. Figure 9(c) shows a distant sun reflection indicating four times brighter than the UFO image, which was not allowed quantitative analysis due to limitations for identifying the characteristics. The reflection from these jets lasted about 55 seconds; the 50(a) shows cylindrical reflections from a commercial plane (100 feet) is a landing pattern over the Los Angeles International Airport. Its estimated diameter was 0.0003 radians. (The reflection in this case lasted about 100.)