There is a photograph present in this image, which appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

OCR text output:

The following is extracted from the files of the Security Patrol, Atomic Energy Commission, Oak Ridge, Tennessee. This report was originally an AEC report:

"1. At 1200 hours, 20 June 1949, Mr. at Oak Ridge, Tennessee, reported that at approximately 1200 hours on that date he and two other employees were standing outside the plant gates, and while gazing toward the southeast, over Oak Ridge, Tennessee, they observed three unidentified objects flying from the southeast. Mr. and his companions closely watched the objects until they came into closer view, and identified them. The third object was described as circular in shape, and silver in color, and appeared to be spinning. The third object was flat but did not have a flexible appearance. The third object was traveling at a very high speed, and appeared to be dark in color underneath, and bright on top. Their movements were erratic sometimes traveling at a very high speed and other times hovering or standing almost still. The third object appeared to have six separate sections, and seemed to change shape in a manner described as being flexible. The third object did not follow the wave-like movement of the first two objects, but maintained a level flight. There was no noise to indicate how these objects were being propelled.

"2. At 2000 hours, 20 June 1949, Mrs. at Oak Ridge, Tennessee, stated that her and her neighbor called her attention to the three flying objects sighted by her and three other children at approximately 1200 hours, 19 June 1949, and that she watched them for approximately 10 minutes. Mrs. described the objects as Mrs. ------, and that they appeared to be unconventional in shape.

"3. The witnesses of these objects are reputable people, and their statements are considered reliable. Mr. is a biologist with the ORINS, and Mrs. is a school teacher, and Mrs. is the wife of one of the members of the Security Division, Atomic Energy Commission, Oak Ridge, Tennessee."

CERTIFIED TRUE EXTRACT COPY:
/s/ [Signature]