The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Both nights were clear and the sightings were as expected. The Weather Bureau Station at Oak Ridge has low temperature records up to 1600 FS (Fahrenheit Scale) for approximately one year. The records indicate that on similar nights the inverse ones start at the same ground elevation and reach a maximum depth of 500-600 feet during the night. There are records for the nights of 25 and 20 November. Such conditions are common in all sectors and there is apparently no effect of distance on the number and intensity of permanent echoes and extending the ground.

There are still the following questions to be answered in order to differentiate these unusual sightings from other similar radar locations:

1. What are the "echoes" and why are they so sharp in outline?
2. Why do they appear at sundown and disappear around 2300 local time?
3. Why do they have a movement of 6 to 8 mph?
4. Why are they concentrated in the Oak Ridge sector or the scope and not in all sectors?

Suggested Answers:
1. The targets are thought to be high tension power lines, water towers, smoke stacks and similar which will give a sharp outline.
2. The radiative cooling starts at sundown and after a very shallow inversion is formed the beam is bent or refracted just enough to bring in the distant ground targets and as the inversion continues to increase in depth the beam is further bent so that the station and at the optimum beam binding point the returns become pronounced that it appears as a concrete block or the ground targets should disappear. After 2300 the inversion has been extended due to the "ducting". After 2300 the inversion has been deepened so that the bending of the beam will be such that it will again pick up only distant targets. If it is close enough in height that the distant targets out of range will be similar to the fade in aspect in the opposite direction. under further continuation should disappear, a few at each antenna revolution.
3. It is proposed that the reported movement is only an apparent movement caused by different targets being picked up by successive rotations of the radar antenna. This could also explain the directive directivity of movement of the targets.

UNCLASSIFIED