This image contains a newspaper article from the Dayton Daily News dated October 30, 1950. The article has two main sections: "Field Denies Saucer Report" and "Latest 'Saucer' Story Fails To Hold Water".

The first section discusses a saucer-shaped object that was reported by a resident of Great Falls, Montana. The article states that the Air Force officially denied the report, saying that the object seen was likely the moon or a weather balloon. 

The second section discusses the latest "flying saucer" story, which the article claims has failed to hold water. It mentions that the Air Force has looked into the incident and determined that the object seen was likely a weather balloon.

There does not appear to be any photograph in this particular image.

Field Denies Saucer Report
Air Force officials in Great Falls, Mont. said Monday they could find no evidence to support the report of a saucer-shaped object being seen over that city Sunday night. The object was reportedly sighted by a resident of the city.

Officials said they investigated the incident and found it was likely caused by the moon or a weather balloon. They said they could find no evidence to substantiate the report.

The resident who reported seeing the object said it was saucer-shaped and glowed with a reddish light. He said it appeared to be about 40 feet in diameter and was moving at a high rate of speed.

Officials said they could find no one else who reported seeing the object. They said an intensive investigation was carried out, but they could find no confirmation of the report.

Latest 'Saucer' Story Fails To Hold Water
The nation's latest flying saucer story has failed to hold water.

The Great Falls, Mont. officer who earlier this week was quoted as saying a saucer-shaped object had been sighted over the town, said today the object was probably a weather balloon.

The officer explained the earlier statement which caused interest in Washington, D.C. was based on sketchy information. When the Air Force checked further, it was found the object was a weather balloon.

The film, which during the excitement in Washington was said to show the saucer, also has been found to be of a weather balloon. The Great Falls officer said the film will be returned to the owners who submitted it to the Air Force investigation.