The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that describes various sightings of meteors and meteorites. The text discusses reports from the American Meteorites Society about sightings of meteors and meteorites over a wide geographic area, including sightings from Illinois to Louisiana and from Colorado to New Mexico, during 1952 and 1953. The text provides details about the characteristics and behaviors of these celestial objects as observed and reported.

Meteors in the Records

The American Meteorites Society, whose members specialize in the study of meteors and meteorites, for years have collected reports of such phenomena. From a large enough number of these reports, astronomers have derived data descriptive of a given meteor, astronomers and meteorologists having become familiar with the meteors radiant--the point in the heavens from which it seems to come. The meteor is then identified by its radiant and given an AMS number. The data were published in accredited scientific journals, and thus made available for future research.

September 28, the same year, was a big day for meteors. At O'Fallon (AMS 2560) raced over southeastern Illinois from north to south, leaving a luminous train visible in five states and illuminating the sky and countryside from St. Louis to Louisville and from Memphis to Knoxville. The final detonation, over western Kentucky, was heard over an area 100 miles square, fragments showered farms over a twenty-five mile area, struck five buildings, and measured one roof. About fifty pounds of meteorites dropped in Murray, Calloway County, Kentucky, and are now in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington. That same night about 4.5 P.M., fireballs were reported by law enforcement officers in Idaho, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, Arizona, and New Mexico (2, 3, 314). Similar fireballs that vanished without trace were reported on September 28, 1952 (AMS 2331): October 4, 1953 (AMS 2339); May 8, 1954; and October 27, 1954 (AMS 2327).