There is no visible photograph or image in this document. The document appears to be a typed report from Project Blue Book, describing two sightings of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

Sighting of Mrs. Portnoy, wife of Capt. Ion C. Portnoy, Monday 3 Sep 2220 hours

Capt. and Mrs. Portnoy were returning from the city of Spokane to FAEB. Capt. Portnoy was driving west on Highway 2 about one mile or less when his attention was called to the field where Portnoys residence is located. The field was "illuminated at high speed" and came at the car so directly that Mrs. Portnoy became frightened for car it would hit her. It passed over, however, and proceeded on a SE course overflying the runways and hanger area of FAEB. According to the Portnoys, the light appeared in size (from that of an auto headlight to twice the size) over the hanger area, emitting a steady brilliant white light, appearing to be in a disc or globe shape. No other observations were made. No sound was heard. The course was roughly NE and SW and travel was at a low altitude. No aircraft were in the vicinity at that time. Capt. Portnoy did not observe the phenomenon, as he was concentrating on driving and had his sun visor down (reason unknown).

Sighting of Russell J. Gardiner, Major (observer) Monday 3 Sep 1400 Hours

Major Gardiner was relaxing in the back yard of his home in the extreme corner of the city of Spokane when he noticed three strange objects approaching over the horizon. His first indication was that they were extra large pieces of cardboard or wrapping paper tumbling about in an erratic fashion, about 20,000 above the horizon. Continued observation, however, seemed to indicate that the objects were held aloft by a force other than wind currents in the ordinary sense. However, the three objects displayed and exhibited a manner of individual maneuvering, for example, one object would move sideways while another would move down and another would suddenly disappear.

After watching the objects for two or three minutes, Major Gardiner called to his wife to bring a monocular (6x23) from the house. When Mrs. Gardiner returned with the monocular, the objects could be seen to be disc-shaped as they veered off in different directions, then apparently one of the three having departed in the meantime. DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; UNCLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.