There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

UNCLASSIFIED
UNITED STATES ATLANTIC FLEET
AIR FORCE
AIR DEVELOPMENT SQUADRON THREE
16 FLEET POST OFFICE
NEW YORK, NEW YORK

From: LEJO 
To: Henderson, Lt. Col. WILLIS
Attn: AFOLY
Via: Commander, Air Development Squadron THREE
Subj: Encounter with strange phenomena while night flying

1. While on a routine night flight from NAS Atlantic City on the night of 17 November 1950, the following incident took place: I was flying on a standard IFR (instrument flight rules) instrument approach we approached Lakehurst at approximately 5,500 feet.  As I leveled off at 5,000 feet, my co-pilot sighted a single bright white light, which I judged to be another aircraft's fuselage light.  This light was slightly above me, and about 1,000 feet distant, moving in a southeasterly direction.  I immediately took evasive action by diving in order to avoid a collision with the other aircraft.  As I leveled off at approximately 3,000 feet, the light had disappeared.  I made a thorough search of the area but could not detect this light again.  The time was about 1951Z, as we were due to a fuel stop landing at Lakehurst.  When I pulled up the aircraft, I made a slight turn in order to get on this specific tail.  The visibility was extremely excellent with no overcast, and with all lights and the runway and field in sight.  There was no effort at that time to distinguish me or follow me out on this specific course, it turned a little more southerly as appeared I was instructed.  In less time that it takes to tell, this light, without making any kind of reversal, just turned nose down on me at an incredible speed, about 100 to 700 feet above.  Puzzled at this, my first reaction was to immediately open my throttles to gain some altitude, turning in order to keep this light in sight.  As before, it was still slightly higher in altitude than my craft.  The light appeared to be a single white light, close to 10 to 15 inches in diameter, and moved in a Slightly jerking manner, which I judged as a form of stabilization being done by the craft.  This light and maneuvering lasted for some two to three minutes, then the light turned in order to see this again.  As before, it was still slightly higher and appeared to be motionless over my aircraft as I maintained a constant speed and altitude.  I attempted to hold the light in front of me, but this object still appeared and disappeared again in a northwesterly direction.  

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10