There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AF 263363
Country: Kenya
Report No. R-750-50
I.D. No. 71-6726
Subject: What was it? - Flying Saucer?
Proposed Category: ETHIOPIA
Evaluation:
Date of Information: 15 Dec 50
Date of Report: 29 Dec 50
Prepared by: East African Query, Ltd.
Source: East African Standard Newspaper

Playing Golf on the Nanyuki course while staying at the Dewingo Hotel, a man and his wife had an odd experience. Here he describes, in his own words, what they saw:

On the morning of Saturday, December 2, at 10:50 a.m. and I were on the Nanyuki golf course moving from the fourth green to the fifth tee, when we heard a most peculiar sound, like a high-pitched singing whine. We both turned round and called a warning to a chap who was about 15 feet to my right. The object, he had noted, was as if to protect her head. For a moment it seemed to stand absolutely still, then it took off at an incredibly rapid rate, moving at a steep angle into the sky. At the same time it drew the attention of my eyes by the direction of the sound and as it did it seemed to have suddenly sawei, in a clear sky, in a most unbelievable manner its outline could be clearly seen, and it was moving and drifting high above us, about 100 feet up, and I realized that whatever it was considered a most reliable. The object was circular, quite smooth and showed no protuberances, but there was a certain pearly iridescence about its color. It was thicker across its vertical axis and was not unlike a saucer, flattened slightly on top and was emitting no smoke or vapor - just hovering in an almost stationary position.

I called out "What's in the sky?" Then: "It's a flying saucer." She had just seen it too and called back "Don't be so ridiculous." To which I shall is." From now on call it a flying saucer.

The colour of the saucer had a certain pearly iridescence and did not have any normal metallic look. "The saucer was absolutely clear and quite unlike anything I have ever seen before in the sky. The speed with which it moved was there and away could not have been more than a few seconds".