There is no photograph present on this page.

The OCR text from the document is as follows:

```
(e) No contrail or vapor trail other than the black
smoke was observed.

(3) Tie object maintained a fine smooth movement which
appeared to be capable of speeds from nothing to more
than 300 miles per hour. It moved with and against
the wind at will and could not have been mistaken for
a cloud, meteor or celestial planet. Due to the
speed maintained by the C-45 the object could not
have been some sort of aerostatic lift or it would
have been overtaken.

(4) The only tactics or maneuvers noticed were horizontal
and at one time oscillating.

(5) In reference to the support the object could have,
according to FEHRENBACH, resembled what possibly the
B-35 (the flying wing) would have looked like from
astern at the same distance.

(6) It is noted that Captains EDWARDS and FEHRENBACH insist
that the C-45 was never at any time close enough to
determine the structure, support, propulsion, lights,
sound or actual shape of tbe object.

(7) Captain EDWARDS stated the incident occurred in the
area of Blackstone, Virginia, or approximately 37°
51'-78° 11W.


3. On 31 January 1950 1st Lt. JOHN H. VAN SANTEN was interviewed
regarding his observation of the unconventional aircraft on 24 January
1950. The interview took place in the office of VAN SANTEN, Room 1B 878,
National Defense Building, Washington, D.C. Lt. VAN SANTEN prepared an
unsigned statement concerning his observations. This statement is inserted
as a matter of record into this report and states as follows:

a. On Tuesday, 24 January 1950, I returned to Washington D.C.
from Temporary Duty at Ft Bragg, Fayetteville, North Carolina by catching
a transient Air Force Aircraft (C-45) at Pope Air Force Base Travelling
to Bolling Air Force Base.

After approximately 45 minutes flying time from Pope AFB
while at 5,000 feet altitude and 16.45 hours the co-pilot called my atten-
tion to what at first I assumed to be another aircraft which I could have
estimated to be 40 milss distant. There were no clouds in our immediate
vicinity; and the air was clear, however, over the part of tne Aalappeltaa
i.lountala range to our left front, the direction in which this object was
seen, there were billowy white clouds. The object was over these clouds.
```