There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed interview transcript with a Captain discussing his encounter with a UFO on May 29, 1950.

INTERVIEW WITH CAPTAIN
by W. B. Klemperer
(in the presence of Mr. Al Chop of DAC Public Relations)
on February 4, 1955 p.m.
at Mr. [redacted] home,
Palos Verdes, California

1. Captain [redacted] has been a pilot with American Airlines since 1939, for 16 years. He flies all types of commercial airplanes. Presently he is on regional service between Los Angeles and Chicago. He has about 15,000 flight hours accumulated at the rate of approximately 1000 hours per year. He is considered extremely reliable and experienced commercial pilot. (In 15.5 years he flew about between New York and Los Angeles 1225 times. He was in the Air Force war and became personally acquainted with Brig. Gen. William Terry (retired) who was Commanding General of the 20th Air Force in the Pacific in World War II twenties; I know his parents well, and his elder brother was one of my closest friends. I knew him well.) Now Captain [redacted] has traveled a great deal, also flies light airplanes and South America.

2. Captain [redacted] relates from memory, which he still vivid, his experience of an encounter with an UFO on 29 May 1950. He was flying (in the left seat of the DC-6) a 12-6 p.m. The visibility was good only that the weather was haze around Washington Airport at about 9:10 p.m. and was steadily climbing towards a 20,000 level. The Captain was about 42 degrees off Nashville, Tenn. (At about 9:30 p.m. some seven miles west of Mr. Vernon. Okla. some fighter planes took off from Nashville, Tenn. for an unknown destination). Suddenly he shouted: "Watch it, watch it!" and drew his attention to an UFO ahead of them, traveling rapidly towards a 20,000 elevation. It was a brilliant bluish light. To avoid a possible collision they sharply banked and descended to an 11,000 feet position while the object maintained its 20,000 altitude position. During this maneuver the UFO happened to pass between the observers and the upper half of the moon, showing a dark silhouette of a slender hull reminiscent of a submarine's shape though about half the moon's diameter. It in height a fraction of that. The bright bluish light appeared to be at the tail end.

As the object had passed behind their wing the pilots banked the plane to the left and returned towards their old course. Even so, they again discovered the object again through the right window "as though it had circled behind them and come up again after them".