The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICE OF THE INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
508TH RECONNAISSANCE GROUP (STRATEGIC)
Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma

SUBJECT: Intelligence Report

TO: Commander
Military Air Transport Service
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington 25, D.C.

ATTN: Director of Plans, Intelligence Division

1. Reference radio this Headquarters, dated 241800 CST, June 1950, (essentially restated in paragraph two below).

2. At 23/1900 CST June 1950, over Macksburg, Louisiana, a routine "Peliean" weather reconnaissance mission over the Gulf of Mexico was observed that appeared to be a brilliant ball of fire at least 50,000 feet. The accompanying brilliant light faded at 20,000 feet. A blinking colored light or vapor followed the object and persisted for twenty minutes. The weather at the time was CAVU with a few scattered cumulus clouds. The average speed of the object was estimated to be in excess of 1,200 miles per hour, and the observed course was from bearing 270°00' W. to 085°00' W.

3. Pertinent excerpts from crew member reports:
"I noticed a bright streak in the sky which was definitely not an aircraft. It looked almost like a falling star, but remained visible for several seconds. It suddenly appeared to burst into flame and showed a brilliant light that faded out and then reappeared. This was repeated several times until it faded out of sight at an altitude of something less than 50,000 feet. The light or vapor remained visible in the sky for several minutes after the object itself had disappeared."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

"I noticed a bright streak in the sky off our left wing that appeared to first be a falling star. This grew greatly in brightness and size and appeared to be in a spiraling descent. I believe it to be at great height and distance. I observed same for fifteen minutes."

UNCLASSIFIED
Engineer