There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed letter or report document.

April 21-59

Dear Sir - 

It might interest you to know that since the Guam sighting I have been shown still more about saucers that I did not know and thought that I was suffering from some physical debility.  As the incident in the park had caused  the same results (momentary blackout) I now know the real source.

On one occasion on Guam my car was completely off the road when I passed out; the occupants of a nearby car saw the ship - a gigantic ball of light - hovering over my car.  Boss E. A. Fitzgerald of Denver, Col. and he can verify the above statement.  

After this incident they reverted back to the weaker shots so I doubt that they were trying to do us any harm.  The only disconcerting thing about the ones who were extremely brilliant is that it would be coincidence.

I believe that these "people" are here on a friendly exploration - observation trip and will not leave without contacting us and establishing some sort of relationship. If they are actually highly and bent on conquest they will not want to contact us until the fire-works begin.  The only thig to astound their motives is to establish contact - and I suggest..

They know me and know that I am conditioned to the fact that they exist therefore I suggest that the Alaskan episode I will try for a complete contact.  I chose this because he appears to be a good chap and the situation and also because he lives close to the scene but I will certainly be in touch with whomever I can relay information - if I get any.

I shudder when I think of what will happen if we do not attempt this contact and the harassment be continued in matter one.  Their leaders know as well as we that "these people" exist.  At present we have the advantage but I "suggest" that these people could assist us in alleviating some of the economic problems will probably take over the other all part of the globe.

In closing I might say that nothing will be accomplished with you hiding under the bed and me approaching with defeatism to you.  The security of the country is in danger and the situation calls for direct and positive action.

Sincerely,

/s/ [Redacted]