The page contains no photograph.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

---

UNC*********

UNCLASSIFIED

informed that there had been no other reports, and when queried, EDWARDS indicated that he did not wish to report the incident through AACS.

5.  In relation to the three officer observers the following information is offered to aid in evaluating the credibility of their statements:

a.  Pilot of C-45 aircraft -

(1) Name of Observer - Captain G. B. Edwards
(2) Address - 755 Bartley Walk, Falls Church, Va.
(3) Occupation - Flying officer
(4) Place of Business - Statistical Control, USAF
                   Rm 1C 1066
                   National Defense Building
                   Washington, D.C.
(5) Pertinent hobbies - Claims flying as a vocation and
avocation.
(6) Ability to determine - This officer has been flying
for several years as a Combat Flying Officer and otherwise, as such, has been accustomed to conventional modes of aviation, climatic conditions and control observations from the air.
(7) Reliability of observer - The past flying experience
and evidence indicating that the observer is not an opportunist or glory hunter substantiates his reliability.
(8) Degree of fatigue and duration of flight time of sight-
ing in cases where observer is airborne. The aircraft had been airborne approximately 40 minutes when the object was sighted. The turbulence was mild and the flying conditions were good. There was no indication that at that time of day should the observer be suffering from some other fatigue. (sleepiness, hangover etc.)

b. Co-Pilot of C-45 aircraft -

(1) Name of Observer - Captain Theron G. Fehrenach
(2) Address - Box 770 Lee Boulevard, Falls Church, Va.
(3) Occupation: Flying Officer
(4) Place of Business - Statistical Control, USAF 
                   Rm 1C 1066, National Defense Bldg. 
                   Washington, D.C.
(5) Pertinent Hobbies - Flying
(6) Ability to determine - This officer has been flying for
several years, as a combat flying officer and otherwise, as such, has been accustomed to conventional modes of aviation, climatic conditions and normal observations from the air.

UNCLASSIFIED