The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

THE FOREIGN SERVICE
OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
UNCLASSIFIED
L-209-50
350.05

SUBJECT: Information on Unconventional Aircraft.
TO: Commanding General Air Materiel Command.
ATTN: A.C.A.S.
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.

1. In accordance with the instructions contained in AFCJG-CC-1, Confidential Letter Headquarters U.S.A.F., dated 8 September 1950, subject as above is submitted.

2. A circular object estimated to have been slightly larger than a DC-3 airplane, cylindrically shaped, and climinimg color with a cone shaped blue flame protruding from the rear for a distance of from 8 to 15 times the diameter of the object. The flame was described as similar to the flame from an acetylene torch, and having a reddish tint on the outer border of the flame.

3. This object was sighted by Mr. A.S. Gibian, who was at that time a Consultant to the Cuban Engineering Corporation, living in Camaguey Province (Central Cuba), with Mr. Rodriquez Lozama, and other Cuban engineers. All four of these reliable men saw the object disappearing in a southeast direction, making a sound (louder than speed of sound) and disappeared in a cloud of smoke. The object was estimated by the observers to be circular in shape, with a diameter of approximately 70 to 80 feet. The time of sighting was 20:52 hours on 31 October 1950.

4. The observers were of the opinion that the object was not a meteor because of the fact that it was traveling horizontally.

5. There is attached (4) copies of the English translation of a signed statement made by the four observers.

COMMENT: I have known Mr. A.S. Gibian for approximately 6 years. He was a graduate of M.I.T. and a consulting engineer related to Cuban mining projects. DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.