The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a classified Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

The text reads as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: Intelligence Division, Hq MATS 
Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D.C.

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

1. The following priority message, which concerns the sighting of an unidentified flying object in the vicinity of a "USAF" plane, was forwarded by the Intelligence Officer, MATS, Hawaii.

2. "ATI Intelligence 8857. DTG 260012Z Dec 50. Under the provisions of MATS Regulation 200-2, the following information is an unidentified flying object is hereby reported: This rapid report is in exact quotation for two unidentified flying objects, as follows: 'USAF plane, while on mission, intercepted by two large bright lights, approached our aircraft SB-17, 0746, from about 3 o'clock. We could not obtain a bearing on the objects. The objects dashed at terrific speed and drew apart, then flashed my landing lights out of sight. I couldn't distinguish any particular characteristics because the lights were so bright. There was a full moon and no clouds at the time. When the lights had passed ahead we went through the 'Jeep' wash. It trailed an orange flame and were red orange color. It would disappear and reappear at a distance of about 1,000 feet. The conclusion was that it was a shining a bright floodlight at our aircraft, therefore we couldn't take evasive action. The bright lights did appear static and shine for about 5 seconds.' A report is being forwarded via teletype that this incident is being reported."

3. From the confirmation of the sighting as indicated in the following message received from the Commander, Intelligence Division, MATS, Hickam AFB, Hawaii:

"CIRCULAR CJPMO DT HL 12116. DTG 260112Z Dec 50. Unidentified luminous white circular/spherical object observed about 22-2400 coast from the Honolulu overflew into local clouds over the mountains east of Honolulu. The object followed a straight course at a constant speed estimated to be 1,200 mph. The total line of flight on the observed course was estimated at 45 to 60 seconds. The attitude was estimated at 6,000 feet. Pilots of the intercepting aircraft estimate the size to be from about 30 to 40 feet in diameter. The object was observed with no visibility limitations when the object entered local clouds over the mountains at Honolulu. The object could warn all illumination and was observed by ten other witnesses. The Commander-in-Chief, Pacific Fleet, has received similar reports from other observers, one of whom believes the object was a meteorite. A full report will be rendered as soon as possible."

UNCLASSIFIED