The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document with text only.

UNCLASSIFIED
DETAILS:
1. This investigation predicate upon an observation received from Mr. , Chief, Security Operations, Los Alamos, New Mexico, advised that an aerial phenomenon was sighted on 9 January 1950, between the hours of 2220 and 2230.

AT LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO
On 10 February 1950, Mr. , a Scientist, Los Alamos, New Mexico, was interviewed and the following information obtained:
Time and date of sighting - 2226 hrs, 9 Jan 1950.
Point of observation - Southwest corner of Chapel, Los Alamos, New Mexico.
Number of objects - one.
What attracted attention to object? - Brightness of object, and apparent size seemed to be fantastic.
Shape of object - Elliptical to circular.
Size of object - Impossible to estimate.
Shape of object - Apparently oval. Left trail resulting in sort of teardrop shape overall.
Apparent constellation - Could not tell. Seemed to be just a light.
Distance from observer - Impossible to estimate.
Angle of elevation from horizon - Sighted 60 degrees when sighted, 90 degrees when lost sight.
Duration of sighting - Estimate 280 degrees when sighted, 320 degrees when lost sight.
Direction of flight - Same as above.
Obstacles encountered - Straight flight.
Evidence of trail or exhaust - Slight trail about as long as object itself, resulting in sort of teardrop shape overall.
Effects on clouds - No clouds.
Illumination - Incandescent - No apparent means.
Projections and/or indentations - None.
Speed - Impossible to estimate. Was in sight about two (2) seconds.
Sound - None.
Odor - None.
Time in sight - About two (2) seconds.
Number of disappearance - Disappeared with vision.

3. On 10 February 1950, Mr., a Scientist, Los Alamos, New Mexico, was interviewed and the following information obtained:
Time and date of sighting - Approximately 2220 hours 9 January 1950.
Point of observation - Southwest corner of Chapel, Los Alamos, N.M.
Number of objects - one.
What attracted attention to object? - Mr. Paul Sperling pointed it out.
Color of object - Bluish white.
Size of object - No perceptible disk, appeared as a point.
Shape of object - Elliptical to circular, impossible to determine.
Apparent construction - Impossible to determine.

UNCLASSIFIED