Unfortunately there is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The text appears to be an "Analysis of Photographic Material" discussing the effects that can cause distortion in UFO photographs, such as atmospheric conditions, camera lens, and exposure. The document seems to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report, analyzing photographic evidence of UFOs. I have transcribed the full text from the document below:

Analysis of Photographic Material

In order to compare the UFO frames with a typical fifty foot airplane, silhouettes are included in figure 10(c). Figure 10(c) shows the UFO's just before they fade from view.

The experimental results appear to indicate that if the first few frames of the UFO film show our reflection from airplanes which are capable the angle and distance as observed, then it is still possible the UFO is not quite optimally oriented so the planes could have not quite optimally oriented so the planes could have been at closer distance.

Airplane reflections have been observed both photographically and visually so positive (focal smaller distance from side-in to fade-out) over angular travel ranges less than 20° (to moon diameters). This conclusion was borne out by manipulation (U-6 and P-92) in sunlight.

The effects which accounted for the distortion in image size may be listed as follows: scattering in the atmosphere (between the light source and the camera), optical refraction (dome, stigmatism, distortion), flaring at the lens surfaces, diffraction, vignetting in the film (continued), degradation of the image (possibly due to film swelling or chemical reaction between over-exposed and under-exposed areas usually produce flirings called Notike) and sharpedge effects. There are also distortions produced during development and reprinting. An excellent description and analysis of all of the above effects is contained in a reference (11).

All of these effects will cause, to a greater or lesser degree, the image on the film to appear larger than the source. The stronger the light source, the more prominent these effects become. Curved "reflecting" surfaces have the property of not seeming to be precisely oriented with respect to the sun's rays. This can lead to bright image formation. This bundling effect also accounts for the anomaly that there is also quite a difference between specular gun reflections from film, glass, wings and airless planes and those from the clouds. The first are more nearly planar surfaces and therefore produce more intense reflections. Very slight changes in orientation with respect to the sun can completely destroy the reflections. Past experience (9) indicates that a "bull's eye" curvature and the law of reflection can practically destroy the reflections but can also at times produce from 5° to 100% in the horizontal plane and sometimes up to 45° in the vertical plane.

Light sources brilliant enough to produce this form of large scale fogging effects (reflecting interferences diffraction fringing) due to produce noticeable differences in appearance of the size, shape and perspective of the image. These differences are due to diffraction through the polygonal iris of the camera. This broadening is often called "Veiling", cf. reference (13), p. 69.

Attenuation of the light (e.g. associated with scattering, etc.) will tend to decrease many of the sources of fogging; however.