There does not appear to be a photograph in this scanned document. The image contains only text describing various technical aspects of UFO sightings and observations.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Analysis of Photographic Material -7- Serial 01

1. The off in the vertical direction from the optimal reflective angle. (This means flight path would have to be standard monoplanar, as no more than 2° or 3° off any portion of the course as observed.) An assumption implicit in this argument is that the objects were at optimal angle of reflection. This condition would not necessarily occur later as no maximum or optimum intensity is observed (just an approximately continuous variation in intensity, cf. figure 6). This figure the objects were first noticed in a sequence at the maximum deviation.

2. Thus 5° represents the smallest angular discrepancy and in all likelihood this discrepancy in the horizontal was greater. The last two facts assume particular importance when it is noted that a typical airplane will reflect only when it is within 1° horizontally and 2° (aim reflection up to 4°) vertically of its optimal angle of reflection. In fact, assuming the objects observed were reflections of real airplanes, the discrepancy in their angle from the view would indicate that they disappeared from view. Fourth, the distance of these hypothetical planes would probably have been over 7 miles (making observable on their very close day visibility 60 miles) they could have been rather easily identified as planes on the film (as is usual on all hignly detailed films). This, however, seems much too large when one considers the size and intensity of the images don't actually portray the real dimension or the reflecting surface (cf. appendix II) but only do give an indication of the reflecting surface of the size. This indication would roughly put the reflecting airplanes between one and three miles distant, which would be consistent with the first conclusion (that the objects were closer than 7 miles).

3. Calculations on the object is equal to the angle of reflection to the observer, the angles being taken with respect to the axis of the aircraft.

These facts are confirmed with respect to the F-94 Jet and DC-6 airplane configurations. The discrepancy in the plane's angle of incidence vertical angle exists discrepancy of vertical rather than horizontal difference such an angle 1° will still produce a reflected image 1/2 the size of the original plane. These reflections are less intense and in the special case can be computed up about 15° from the original angle of reflection. On the other hand, reflections from the fuselage appear to be computed data when this angle is only 2° in the horizontal plane, or appendix II.

At five miles a typical fifty foot airplane subtends angles of 7' by 2'. The resolving power of the eye is from 1' to 3' (1/2) while that of the camera set at F/2.8 is about 1 1/3' (1/3 theoretical resolving power), or figure 1(c), for the film of the airplane reflections. It would appear that the resolution on the resolving power of the ground observer system using silhouettes card furnished by the Air Force to the Ground Observer Corps.