The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, which I will now attempt to transcribe the text from.

According to that excellent commentator, the public, I plead with you to withhold some judgment from the Air Force in the past. Its acknowledgments and its denials, have done it no credit, and have made the thinking public completely suspicious of it.

Pennsylvania  
May 2nd, 1954

Gentlemen: -

I have just finished reading myself an excellent summation in TRUE magazine. I completely agree with the statements accept that the Air Force has no knowledge of the "landing" of a U.F.O.

I think it most odd that the Air Force spent thousands on tracking down patents, fictitious accounts of "littlie men", and sublimely ignored the factual accounts of landings of U.F.O.'s, such as the six foot circles in the Adamski field, September 30, 1952.

One patent which would seem to me to be even more interesting than the others, is the method by which a U.F.O. "rolled into a sticky film" - It appears to me that such accounts (professional' Photographic) and are hence conveniently excluded from A.T.I.C. files.

Note, with some interest, that you maintain a file initiated "C. P." into which you dump all letters written by those interested to my "saucer" pieces in the Saturday Evening Post and Life magazines, and can well comprehend that you certainly trust von Braun have the good sense to discriminate, and not throw out the wheat with the chaff, simply because it is in letter form.

Relative to the West Palm Beach Fiasco and the Adamski bid for publicity, I should think you would read a 1952 copy of FATE magazine (excuse the example-) FATE magazines you will find the story of both these scrapes, and I can assure you they are quite a fraud ten miles off. To think that the Air Force spent a fair sum to investigate the West Palm Beach tale, Seems incredible - "Monsters" appeared to be well worth looking into, but appears to have been shrugged off by those ill-Iiterate with a quite a thought.

Incidentally, Adamski is booked in London halls for his lecture tour this summer. I understand this a "SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA - is touring the United States describing a trip in a "saucer". His name, George Adamski - a little fellow I'll swear is trying to compensate for a feeling of gloomy inadequacy and boredom in the plastics division of Lockheed Aircraft.

Sincerely,
[Signature]