The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a scanned document titled "UNUSUAL RADAR RETURNS IN THE OAK RIDGE AREA" which is classified as "UNCLASSIFIED".

UNUSUAL RADAR RETURNS IN THE OAK RIDGE AREA
UNCLASSIFIED

BACKGROUND
On the night of 17 November between the hours of 2000 and 2300 the Oak Ridge radar station picked up numerous reports of unusual activity. This is the only radar station in the area and is charged with the coverage of the Oak Ridge Reservation. The only cooperative operation on these nights was a CRES. These reports caused considerable alarm to the personnel charged with the security of the Oak Ridge plants and in particular to the personnel of the radar station. The weather on both nights was clear and there was a full moon. The radar picked up numerous targets. Around 2200 the aircraft radar picked up 20 targets. Alerted ground observers on the Oak Ridge Reservation neither sighted nor heard anything.

There were conflicting versions of the mysterious targets as observed on the radar scope. The two main versions were:

1. A few individuals showed erratic gyrates maneuvers on the scope around sundown in the sector from 60 degrees through north to approximately 280 degrees. These targets in the northern sector increased in number and appeared to move south through a gap between two well defined permanent separation (hills) located north and northwest of the Oak Ridge Reservation. As these targets moved over the Oak Ridge Reservation, the apparent target speed was 6 to 8 mph. The apparent target disappeared around 2300.

2. A very few widely scattered targets appeared around sundown in the north and west quadrants, larger than the others, but more noticeable as the northern sector corners of the Oak Ridge Reservation began to be illuminated. These targets moved about in an irregular pattern over the reservation and disappeared to the south and southwest around 2300.

DISCUSSION
Assuming no connections with previous reports of visual sightings, a solution is presented that the unusual radar returns of 29 and 30 November were due to become "trapping" or "ducting" caused by the meteorological situation.

UNCLASSIFIED