The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. 

OCR output:

UNCLASSIFIED
Spot Intelligence Report, D0 #9, 7 Nov 50, Subj: Report of Unconventional Aircraft

(1) Location: Observers were in the neighborhood of the Jonesville Air Force Training Field, northeast section of Louisiana.
Observation was first made at 9:45 pm, 11 October 1950. Altitude was estimated at 45 degrees to the north.
The observers estimated that the object was flying at an altitude of 10 miles.

(2) Manner of Observation: Visual from the ground.

(3) Weather Conditions: Bright sun, no clouds. 

(4) Description of Objects:
(a) According to observers, the object was cigar-shaped and about the size and shape of a medium-sized gas pipe, 25 feet long by 2 to 4 inches thick.
(b) According to the observers, 30 to 40 feet long and 2 to 4 feet thick.
(c) Observers claimed bright with a whitish-blue light. Both observers saw "peculiar" spots before their eyes one to two minutes after sighting the object. They reported that the object was composed of bright lights which glinted like facets on a diamond. The object made no noise and left no visible exhaust and no definite outline of its shape was made. The object remained in sight for approximately two minutes and then the speed of light and then disappeared - not below the horizon, as is accustomed to the appearance of normal aircraft.

(5) No meteorological condition was indicated which might account for the sighting. No physical evidence was obtained.

(7) Witness advised that he has been in military service and is familiar with the appearance of normal aircraft.

b. Mrs. ___________, New Orleans, Louisiana, on 12 October 1950, reported unidentified flying objects seen by her as follows:
(1) First 10 or 11 October 1950 (hour unknown). 
(2) Location of Observer: Charlton Hospital, New Orleans, Louisiana. Objects circled in a northerly direction.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10