There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Spot Report of Unidentified (UNCLASSIFIED) dto 11 April 1950

The day, His friends had driven away when he started into the building. He said, that he had seen his first "flying saucer." The object was cigar shaped, but short and stubby, about the size of a star but shone brighter. It hovered motionless about 150 yards distant for about 3-4 minutes, then suddenly raced off at extremely high speed. In about 1-2 hours on one of the cots before reporting for duty. The S.P. asked him if he could see any sky-lights under the cots as he looked up and saw a moving object in the sky. It was small - about the size of a star but was traveling quite rapidly. The red light seemed to change in intensity. It did not blink, but faded bright and then dim, etc. It did not reflect any of its own light.

Captain LeRahos estimated the altitude to be about 12,000 to 15,000 feet. It appeared to be elliptical in shape or resembling a child's elongated toy balloon, but did not resemble an advertising blimp. He would not estimate the speed. It maneuvered with a speed comparable to that of a slow moving aircraft. It would move, hesitate momentarily, then move again. It seemed to make a definite change in direction almost instantly, as though under complete control. With the exception of the occasional hesitation, he did not observe it to accelerate or decelerate noticeably. After the object had apparently gone out of sight, but would occasionally reappear too dimly to observe any detail. He had not observed any flash or noise, and there was no odor nor was there any trail or smoke. He had not observed any light, but that after observing it for about three minutes he went into the building because he was eager to rest a possible before duty hours.

Captain McMahon stated that if S/Sgt Farrell had not mentioned "flying saucers" he would not have noticed the object, but that when he did see it, he realized that it was not an ordinary aircraft.

FCR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

Signature
J.E. DEYARMOND
Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer

UNCLASSIFIED