The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: Incident Reports, DO #5, 7 Nov 50, subj: Reports of Unconventional Aircraft.

It stated he got a glimpse of the object, as it was falling plainly what it did should of the object and how it disappear. The object did not hurry. It took its time and disappeared from sight in about five minutes.
At the last, he tell appeared to be red and then bluish.
They seem to look declare that the object were two of then things ever any the tranter shed and they were long and round like a cigar*

The New Orleans Stab - on 10 October 1950, carried the following reports of the observations made by the d. It wasn't shaped like a star and it was moving. It made no noise whatever. The slow-flying object had no wings and made "no noise whatever." It was blinking like a star. From where we were standing,
It appeared to be 20 to 30 degrees from where we were standing. He said they watched the object for about five minutes and observed it closely. He didn't say which way it was moving. It seemed to be moving in a northeastern to southwesterly direction. It seemed to disappear quite suddenly. He said it was moving at tremendous speed."

The following letter was printed in the New Orleans Times Picayune, of 19 October 1950: 
"Please" - The Time-Picayune did read again this morning of those two pilots who did not believe in "flying saucers" but who actually saw them and how believe."
"Some time ago a soldier in Arizona said he saw a rocket ship, which you can't see, and that soldier "that he wasn't seeing things because I believe I saw it too."
"Won that I had a shiny object in 1947 - I was down on a lake shrimpiny. It was just before sundown. The thing came up and buck on the top of the seawalls when I had the feeling that somebody was staring at me. Well, I turned my head and looked around me, but nobody was looking at me."
"All of a sudden I looked up at the sky and there was this object. It looked to me, at the moment like a big rocket. I kept my eyes on it and called to the others to look at it, but all of a sudden it made a Puff - of flame and smoke and went out of sight. It traveled a little way with the first, but with the second puff it was gone."

DOWNGRADED TO UNCLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFID AUG 15 1973 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED