The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document does not contain a photograph, but it does contain a detailed written report of an unidentified aerial object sighting.

The text of the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Unidentified Aerial Object
PLACE: JAPAN
DATE OF OBSERVATION: 5 May 1950
TIME OF OBSERVATION: 1730Z
SUBMITTED BY: Lt. M. E. Banks, USAF
SUMMARY: (BASED ON BANKS' REPORT)
On 5 May 1950, at approximately 1730Z, an UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT was observed by Banks and other personnel of the 5th Air Force, APO 710. The object was first sighted at an altitude of approximately 30,000 ft., heading approximately 300° at 300-mph. The pilot observed one flying object approximately 10,000 ft. above his aircraft on a heading of approximately 600-650 mph. The object was visually sighted for approximately five (5) seconds, during which time it covered a distance of approximately one (1) mile. According to the pilot, the object appeared to be disc-shaped, larger than a C-47 and traveling at a tremendous rate of speed, disappearing to the left of the aircraft on a heading of 270°. The object appeared to be silver in color.
The size and the object was approximately twelve (12) ft. in length, twelve (12) ft. in width. The characteristics were similar to a large silver sphere, reflecting the sun's rays, and resembling a silvery mirror.
After sighting the object, the pilot descended to 18,000 ft. and searched the area for the unidentified aerial object, but was unable to locate it. During the entire period, the pilot had good radio contact with Radar Site #18, but received no information concerning the object, other than the fact that the other aircraft in the area at the time failed to pick up the unidentified object.
There was no evidence of propulsion, exhaust, control surfaces, or lights. The object disappeared and silently as it was first observed. The object's distance from the aircraft's position was difficult to ascertain, but it is believed to have been several miles. The object disappeared over the top of the clouds and was no longer observed.
The interrogator has personal knowledge of the observer's character and can sincerely state that he is conservative, unesuming, and never given to exaggerations.

APPROVED: 
[SIGNATURE]
VERNON D. SIMPSON 
Lt. Col., USAF
Staff Intelligence Officer

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS