The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that is part of a Project Blue Book report.

Following is a verbal transcript of an interrogation of Firr, the intercepator Staff Dover, Delaware. The interrogation was a comple dished by Lt. Col. R.H. Rosengarten and 1st Lt. Jerry R. Cummings of the 113th fighter wing Group, Air Tactical Intelligence Center, USAF Station 13L. 

The investigation states that at 0110 hrs on 7 Sep 1951, an unidentified aircraft was observed by the subject officers. While observing the object, information was available from this interrogation as not sufficient in regard to the means whereby the information became available to the military. This message states that important information is considered to have become available from various telephone calls concerning the incident.

The interrogation follows:
1. The object was first sighted over Sandy Hook, and the information available to the interrogators was verified as true and complete.
2. The question of communication of the information as examined follows: between 1125 and 1130 on 7 Sep 1951, after the sighting of the object, the interrogators communicated with the Air Force Station at Montauk, Long Island, and were informed that a bright light had been observed in the vicinity of Sandy Hook during that time period.
3. It is believed that the initial sighting was transmitted over a radio telephone by a 110t unidentified object making 7-300mph because at this time Gambrith observed an unidentified object making observations giving heading of 1200.
4. It is believed, giving heading of 1200, that the information received, giving heading of 1200 and an invert antly incorrect geographic fix of Seaside Heights, that this information was obtained through telephonic communication, and may have acknowledged although this is not certain in the initial telling of the object's sighting.
5. The officers are advised that they could not long the object as this may subject the officer or persons involved to various unwarranted accusations, as follows:
6. The driver of a carryall may have heard them say that they sighted the object as very bright and may have been driving to the area. The name of the driver is not known, and it is unknown that he could hear their conversations.
7. The officers did not render a report of the sighting to the operations officer as directed, nor did they receive a debriefing.