There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document with text describing unidentified objects observed in flight over Lubbock, Texas in September 1951. The text provides details about the reported sightings and the investigative efforts by the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book.

Unclassified
28-0 
SUBJECT: Unidentified Objects in Flight over Lubbock, Texas

Stated that they are off the glow which could have been created from the lights of the city below. They crossed the sky from horizon to horizon in three seconds. The objects were to have been traveling at an estimated speed of approximately 1800 miles an hour, or at 50,000 feet of altitude. Their speed would have been 1800 miles an hour, or at 50,000 feet of altitude. He states they saw about three similar objects at the same time which had the same speed and altitude. According to Mr. ------ who observed the phenomena, that the color of the objects was similar to the planet Venus and that there were 50 or more of the strange objects. A second group of such objects numbered approximately three minutes later. One of these persons, a head of the Journalism Department at Texas Technological College, also reported this phenomenon prior to the observance of the similar flight of objects over Lubbock, Texas. On Monday, 27 August 1951, according to news sources, four additional witnesses verified the reports of these Professor Z and Professor Y.

Lubbock. On 30 August 1951, one roll of 616 film was exposed of what was purported to be the unidentified objects in flight over Lubbock, Texas. These photographs showed the unidentified objects as a double string of lights forming a V-shape, as described by the observers. A second photograph was made by Mr. ------, and shows the objects in a tighter formation, more vivid and pronounced. According to the information available, no other information was available as to exposure, type of camera, date, time, or other information. Negatives 2040 and 2237 hours, GST, 31 August 1951, similar objects were reportedly seen over Lubbock on 31 August 1951, according to newspaper clippings. Pictures from several of the witnesses were received by the editorial staff of a Lubbock newspaper and motion pictures of the daylight phenomena of the objects allege sightings of the strange objects were also apparently obtained, according to the clipping.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS, 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED