There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcription:
New Guinea? Is the U.S. Air Force deliberately withholding information about flying saucers, for fear that revealing the truth would trigger a panic? Why do some of our scientific circles, those that officially deny the existence of unidentified flying objects, ask such questions when there is ample evidence that such phenomena do exist elsewhere in our galaxy, these questions are being asked by a great many people who formerly would have laughed off such thoughts as pure fantasy.

Almost 20 years ago, a news story about "flying saucers" flashed over the press wires, startling our nation and much of the civilized world. From that moment, a world-wide interest in unidentified flying objects has continued, despite concerted efforts of official authorities and others to refute and debunk them.

Fortunately we have under active discussion at this time "Project Blue Book," an Air Force investigation of UFO sightings and report findings so that the U.S. Air Force, with recommendations for future operations of the Air Force's own Project Blue Book" inquiry. The Colorado report will then be reviewed by the National Academy of Sciences. Funded at somewhat more than $300,000, the study will analyze UFO reports, and actually design scientists to the field to study UFOs at first hand, a plan that proves feasible. Guaranteed a completely free hand by the Air Force, the inquiry should do much to quiet the under-critics of Project Blue Book, and also to satisfy any public doubts and fears. It is, in fact, the first really scientific attack on the UFO problem ever undertaken in the United States.

The critical problem of national security makes an all-out scientific attack on the UFO puzzle seem long overdue. But since the first reports of modern times, the subject has been beset by unbelievable incidents, hoaxers and plain crack-pots, so that most scientists have shied away from the problem. The nearest approach to a scientific investigation, the 2-year USAF study called Project Blue Book, has been generally discredited and ignored by scientists, hoaxers and plain crack-pots.

A 1951 phenomenon that is still unexplained is the one known as the "Lubbock Lights," which was sighted at Lubbock, Texas. It is one of the photographs the U. of Colorado may examine.