The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I have produced the following text from the document:

SECURITY INFORMATION
UNCLASSIFIED

MEMORANDUM FOR THE DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE, USAF

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

1. It is understood that the Director of Intelligence, USAF, has requested a report on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects, which have been observed in the vicinity of Detroit, Michigan, on 6 November 1951.

PAPER AND DISCUSSION

2. Mr. W.A. Command Post received a message at 2315 hours, 6 November 1951, that two objects described as brilliantly lit against the dark sky, moving at a rapid rate of speed, had been observed in the vicinity of Ann Arbor, Michigan.

3. At 2330, a senior captain pilot on Capital Airlines, who was flying at 8,000 feet, reported that he had sighted two objects at an altitude of 1,000 feet over the Detroit area, which appeared to be under intelligent control, in that they changed speed and direction in a manner which could not have been matched by any known type of aircraft. The pilot also stated that the objects appeared to be engaged in some kind of maneuver or pacing of the airliner.

4. The G.I. detachment at Battle Creek also received a report, with supporting radar observation, of objects maneuvering in the Detroit area which could not be identified as any known type of aircraft. The Director of Intelligence, USAF, was immediately notified, and the information was passed to ATIC for study and analysis.

5. For a more detailed record, reference is made to the airfield operation record and the pilot's report, copies of which are being forwarded to ATIC.

6. Upon further checking with the USAF Command Post and with ACC on 27 Nov 51, it was learned that a flight of F-94's (number unknown) containing two pilots, was scrambled from Selfridge Air Force Base to investigate the sightings in the Detroit area, but was unable to make visual contact with the objects.

UNCLASSIFIED