There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing text.

UNCLASSIFIED

Emissive clouds issuing from atomic installations also has been proposed. Many of the sightings are attributable to natural phenomena such as light or oppty, meteors, and possibly cloudiness. In view of Harvey, he a memorandum to this laboratory dated 9 August 1950 relative to this problem, indicated that he had observed a tendency for the occurrence of small detached clouds in New Mexico which might have been mistaken for an object when illuminated by the reflected light of the moon. Dr. Whipple investigated the possibility of a correlation between the frequency of aerial phenomena observations and weather conditions - particularly cloudiness. A rough analysis of available weather data, indicated that on the 33 nights (between 5 December 1948 and 5 March 1951) when observations were reported, 10 were clear, 23 partially cloudy, 2 completely overcast and 14 had no record. The number of cloudy nights involved seems unusually high for New Mexico. The weather reports were for the Las Cruces Area only, whereas many of the observations were a considerable distance from Las Cruces. Further investigation is therefore necessary to determine correlations with cloudiness.

Dr. Whipple also conducted a study as to whether the age of the moon was related to the frequency of aerial phenomena observations. The results did not indicate that the phenomena were observed largely at full moon. The statistics show that of the 72 observations reported, 45 occurred when the moon was up and 27 when it was down with many of the observations occurring at the time of the moon's first quarter. From the detailed study, Dr. Whipple suggests that the occurrence of moonlight is correlated with the phenomena. Dr. Whipple's frequency diagram of observations vs. age of moon is included in the report.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10