The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a classified document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

File 240
Sub: Anomalous luminous phenomena

Searched since, no meteoritic fragments have been recovered to date. The second of the trio was the detonating fireball of December 4, 1949 in the Dodge, Nebraska, vicinity, from which a series of long-continued careful searches, no meteorites have been recovered. This fireball of March 6, was apparently less brilliant and somewhat delayed in its effects than the two earlier fireballs. The area of fall within 24 hours after the appearance of the fireball have disclosed no meteorites to date.

The detonating fireball of March 6 was of exceptional magnitude, virtually the second-largest known exceptional magnitude, following the falls of 5/9/48 and 2/13/49 in Kansas and Nebraska, from which over a thousand meteorites have been recovered. As the fireballs and sound effects produced by this fireball indicate, the explosive character of the phenomena produced.

The fireball of March 6 was seen at a distance of 180 miles by an observer in flight. As regards the remarkable sound phenomena produced, no BAN has yet been made. In view of this, no comment here. Transit measures on the fireball strongly indicate that it remained luminous to a very low level in the atmosphere. Hence, if it were a normal meteorite fall, the probability would be very great that solid masses survived to fall to the earth. Furthermore, because of the great size and luminosity of the fireball, the inevitable existence of a fall of meteoritic material in the area seems certain. Yet in this, as in the two earlier cases, no trace either of meteorites or of the effects of meteoritic impact appears on the search found.

In view of the very puzzling nature of these major incidents disclosed by these recent triangulation and other indications of material nature, I wish to repeat the recommendation I made in the case of the Dodge fireball, namely, that the O.S.I. arrange to secure photographic coverage of the area in which presents from the March 6 fireball should be searched. (Preferably the photo-reconnaissance missions should secure stereo coverage of the sort obtained for us in the Four Corners region under the (1) direction of Colonel Freme G. Henson, USAF, 1212/CIns.) Photo-
graphs made of the region of fall should clearly show the nature and extent of the area.

AFTER A CAREFUL STUDY HAS BEEN MADE OF THE PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE FALL AREA (AS ELLIPTICAL IN SHAPE, WITH AXES OF 8 AND 5 MILES RESPECTIVELY), THE MAJOR CONCLUSION SEEMS JUSTIFIED. THAT 'SUFFICIENT AIR FORCE PERSONNEL BE ASSIGNED TO GROUND SEARCH TO INSURE EXHAUSTIVE EXAMINATION OF ALL AREAS IN WHICH METEORITIC IMPACT APPEARS TO HAVE OCCURRED.'

In making these recommendations, I am chiefly influenced by the possibility that the findings in this case may be comparable to those in the Dodge case, namely, that, though no meteorites were found in an extensive search, there are strong indications that substantial damage and spectacular effects may have been produced, requiring a more exhaustive search than appears to have been made in this instance.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. AUG DIR. 5200.10