The image appears to contain a photograph of two objects in the sky. The text describes the objects as always being on the left side of the T-33 aircraft and following a course such that they are always leading the aircraft. The text indicates that the objects may be a stationary balloon inside the turning circle of the aircraft. The text also discusses the difficulty in determining the ground track and altitude of the objects based on the observations.

object was always on their left and that they did not or did assume a parallel heading. Mathematically speaking, this is to say that the object was going in
the same direction as the T-33 aircraft was turning and that the object is following
a course such that it is always leading the aircraft, that is, out of phase with
it. So that the object is travelling in phase inside the circle of the aircraft,
and indeed that if may even be stationary inside the circle of the aircraft.
It is to be noted that the interpretation that the object always lay on the left 
of the pilot may be that the object was a balloon stationary inside their turning
circle. It is also to be noted that the pilots are not sufficiently sure of
the ground track to negate this and a calculation concerning what the altitude
of a balloon must be are unnecessary and impossible in that the accuracy of the
pilots report is so extremely questionable. In fact there is indication
that they cannot fix the alleged ground track of the object within 10 nautical
miles. Note that in terms of speed, this means ten nautical miles in two minutes
or five nautical miles per minute or 300 knots per hour if one takes the extreme
error between the two observations of ground tract. A point of similarity is
that balloons are silvery painted for radar purposes when released from Evans
Signal Laboratory. So reconn was reported by the pilots. A point of similarity
is the shape viewed under proper circumstances that the balloon might have an
oblique spherical shape. In the light of this information, it is considered
that there is a strong possibility that the sighting was that of a balloon. How-
ever, if it can be disproved without recourse to metaphysics what the object was not
a balloon, then it should be considered that the four conclusions presented pre-
viously are essentially those which we can stand firmly upon.