There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

D/i form
20,000 turned to c. height of 270 degrees and decended to about 150 feet. It was a luminous object. According to the report, the object
observed for 45 minutes, at times very fast, but mostly slow. As the object descended, it scattered smaller objects through the air. The
object came within 1000 feet of the observers. The smaller objects fell and hit the ground, causing small explosions. At this point the larger object rose from the ground and went out of sight in less than a minute. It was seen through broken clouds and could always be located by its luminescent glow.

Major C. - USAF
Intelligence Officer

26 Jan 1951
Informed the Air Defense Command Officer.

TO: I-n-Tcilligonce Officer,
Strategic Air Command,
R.C.A.F. Sta.,
R.C.A.F. 253

REPORT:
Certain incident was reported to this headquarters, involving the sighting of a group of luminous objects in the sky over Okinawa. The
details of this incident are as follows:

The sighting occurred on 31 Dec 1950 at approximately 2000 hours. A group of 20 airmen stationed at an USAF base on Okinawa, were
outside their barracks when they observed a large luminous object in the sky. It was described as being about the size of a large transport
aircraft, but much brighter. The object first appeared in the western sky at an altitude of about 15,000 feet and was traveling in a northeasterly direction at an estimated speed of 800 to 900 mph. After being observed for about 45 minutes, the object suddenly stopped, hovered momentarily, then began a rapid descent, slowing down as it neared the ground. At about 150 feet above the ground, the object appeared to scatter or release a number of smaller objects, described as about the size of a basketball, which fell to the ground, causing small explosions upon impact. The large object then rose rapidly and disappeared from sight in less than a minute. The smaller objects were observed to continue burning on the ground for several minutes after the larger object had departed.

No special significance is attached to this sighting at this time, as it appears to fall within the category of unexplained phenomena which have been reported from time to time. The report is being forwarded for your information.

Major R. C. GALE
Intelligence Officer