The image contains no photograph. However, it does contain a detailed written report about a UFO sighting.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Lt 25 Oct 1950 APO 925, Seo'al: Unidentified air contact, to Kk, HQ USAF.

A long distance claim at twelve miles bearing 270 degrees relative. Pilots could clearly see the craft and the apparent size of the car seat. All hands distinctly observed and confirmed sighting. Plane was traveling at 27,000 feet, heading 270 degrees, forward airspeed was 175 knots. The craft suddenly accelerated instantly to a speed estimated in excess of 800 knots, climbing sharply, decelerated rapidly to 16 miles where it hovered briefly then accelerated sharply and disappeared from view. Our altitude was 5,000 feet. The craft was estimated to be about 50 feet in diameter. Visual contact was maintained, however radar contact was lost. During this visual sighting, all hands observed the craft through the binoculars. The craft's shape changed throughout the sighting and it was observed to be a circular, disc-shaped craft, which was very bright and appeared to cast a shadow. The craft accelerated slowly to 16 miles, where it hovered briefly, then accelerated sharply and disappeared. The craft accelerated slowly to 16 miles, where it hovered briefly, then accelerated sharply and disappeared. The visual contact was also lost due to the craft's high speed.

The craft's flight was extremely bright, of a solid full, color it seemed to blink on and off with a much different appearance. The wings were swept back and down with a dihedral as of a high speed jet. The tips appeared to be glowing and possibly to suffice for a rudder as none was visible.

The speed was so fast it was almost impossible to estimate. A typical jet interceptor could not overtake it.

It is concluded that this sighting contains valid information substantiating the existence of an unidentified air contact.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DATE DEC 8 1980

USAF AG NO. 38139 UNCLASSIFIED