There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a classified document related to Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Following is the text from the document, with all redacted portions represented by black bars:

UNCLASSIFIED

Following is a report of the sighting by the undersigned of an unidentified aerial object in the vicinity of Artesia, New Mexico, on the evening of 17 January 1951.

At approximately 10:10 while driving southbound on the highway approaching the intersection of routes 82 and 285, approximately 12 miles north of Artesia, New Mexico, I [redacted] and [redacted] observed in the sky in the east-northeast direction a bright light, very brilliant in nature. The light appeared to be oval or circular in shape and was relatively large in size, approximately the apparent size of a half dollar held at arm's length. The object was observed for a period of approximately 2-3 minutes. During the time it was under observation the object did not appear to be moving. Suddenly, it disappeared completely. This disappearance was not gradual as might be expected of an aircraft or other conventional aerial vehicle, but rather instantaneous, as though the object had been extinguished or had moved out of sight with tremendous speed.

As approximately 1630 while driving northbound on the highway, [redacted] and I again observed a bright light in the east-northeast, similar in appearance to the one previously described. This time, however, the object was observed for only a short period, approximately 30 seconds, before it disappeared just as suddenly as on the previous occasion.

The observation was reported to the nearest Air Force installation, and it is believed that the object sighted was probably some type of experimental aircraft or guided missile, the possibility of which cannot be entirely ruled out. However, the tremendous speed and instantaneous disappearance would tend to make this doubtful. The possibility of the object being a satellite or similar astronomical phenomena is also considered unlikely due to the intense brilliance and the fact that it was observed on two separate occasions within a relatively short period of time.

The observation was recorded by [redacted] for subsequent investigation by authorities concerned. It is requested that this report be treated as UNCLASSIFIED.

A SIGNED COPY FOR THE U.S.AIR FORCE
UNCLASSIFIED