The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

1. Investigation predicated upon a T/C F.I.C. 02.22, from Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey, by Lt. Colonel ROSBBRRY, to investigate circumstances of release of information to the press by Public Information Officer, Mitchel Air Force Base, New York, 10 September 1951.

2. This investigation conducted by Special Agent PAUL L. MC COY.

3. On 1 October 1951, the public Information Officer, Mitchel Air Force Base, MAJOR B. BARSON, AC-10-12092, was interviewed relative to any press release on 10 September 1951 which may have constituted a violation of security.

4. Major BARRON informed the writer that the only release out of the ordinary was concerning the interview with the two pilots who had been attached to the Sandy Hook, New Jersey, by the pilots flying into Mitchel Air Force Base.

5. Major BARRON was requested to furnish this writer any information which he might have concerning the appearance of a newspaper article which appeared in the 11 September 1951 edition of NEWSDAY, a Long Island daily paper, in the presence of the writer.

6. Major BARRON dictated the following statement concerning the article, "1 October 1951".

"At 1230 hours, on 10 September 1951, I received a telephone call from Mr. DICK AURIELLO, a reporter for NEWSDAY. AURIELLO stated that he checked with a report which his newspaper had received, that a strange object had been seen by two pilots over Sandy Hook, New Jersey.

I called Base Operations and talked to a Sergeant on duty. He told me that he had no knowledge of such a report.

I called Mr. AURIELLO to tell him we knew nothing about such a report.

At 1900 hours, LT. AURIELLO again called me and said that he had positive information that the two pilots had seen a strange object in the sky. He was called Base Operations, 21 who believed Lito be identical with the report from Dover Air Force Base regarding a strange object over Sandy Hook.

I called LT. AURIELLO and informed him that the object being sighted was apparently aircraft being tested, and requested that he interview the two pilots. In accordance with established public information policy, such permission was granted."