Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image consists entirely of text describing an investigation into a radio check and conversation between pilots, as well as details about an airplane chartered for transportation.

station overhead a radio check and conversation between the pilots which is discussed in detail in other reports enclosed in the folder. He reports that the conversation was an exciting one and verified roughly the statements Rogers and Ballard made concerning what they revealed over the air. He fixed the time as only about 11:45 PEST and could not fix the date. He is curious about his personnel. He is checked for secrets. Dr. Bennett was queried concerning possible activities of a countermeasure station in which he works which might have an effect of giving spurious signals to radar sets operating in the area. His answer to these proposals were unqualified negative. He was interrogated by Col Rosengarten and his report is filed in the project folder. Mr. Hoffman, Capt McNicholas, Agent DeBoer, Agent-in-Chief Reid, were all interrogated concerning the circumstances of events which were available in the project's record folder. Major Martin is Commanding Officer of Twin Lights and gave the information of the hours of which the station was on the air. With some seven hours of sleep, and one or two meals, the Redbanks pparting, that is Col Rosengarten and Lt Cummings chartered an airplane at Redbanks Airport for Washington, D. C. at approximately 1:30 P.M. reaching Washington at approximately 3:30 P.M. in time to brief Gen. Cabell's staff and to give a very preliminary random of what had been accomplished, to Gen. Cabell himself that evening. The airplane was chartered because although the Signal Corps attempts to use their liason airplane to take us to Washington, the liason airplane was torn down for periodic inspection. It would have been necessary to wait until the next day had rail or other transportation been used.