This page from the old Project Blue Book UFO report document does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report that describes the sighting of an unusual airborne object near Minneapolis, Minnesota on May 27, 1951.

The text of the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Subject: Report of Unusual Airborne Object
Area Reported On: 40 SW of Minneapolis
Date of Observation: May 27, 1951
Prepared by (Officer): Captain William P. Fairbrother
Summary of Report: On 27 May 1951, a report of unidentified airborne vehicle was received from a ground observer located approximately 40 miles southwest of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
While flying CAP (Civil Air Patrol) mission under GCI control, an F-51 pilot observed through aft gun sight an unidentified object at an estimated altitude of 1000 feet. The object was observed for about 3-4 minutes, during which time it approached the F-51 and passed in front of him at a distance estimated at 1/2 to 1 mile. The object appeared to be round and glowing white, and was estimated to be approximately 25-30 feet in diameter. No markings or structural details could be observed. The pilot made several gun camera exposes but no film was recovered.
Ground observer stated that the object appeared to be flying in the vertical plane and at a very high rate of speed. The object was also observed on radar and its speed was estimated at 1000 knots. The object was observed for approximately 15 to 20 minutes. After passing the F-51, the object made a sharp climb and disappeared from sight. 
No aircraft engines or missile exhaust was observed. The object did not appear to be affected by the presence of the F-51, other than a slight course change to pass in front of it.
Checked with Arcas for balloon flights, and 2 flight plans for releasing weather balloons and one for a research balloon flight had been received. All balloon flights were accounted for and negative as to relation to this sighting.
Action: DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFICATION AFTER 12 YEARS.
DECLASSIFIED DDL 529.94