There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. Based on the text in the document, it seems to be an unclassified report related to a UFO sighting near Albuquerque, New Mexico on August 25, 1951.

UNCLASSIFIED
DETAILS:
1. This investigation was requested by Commanding Officer, 4901st Support Wing (Lt Col), Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico, to determine the circumstances surrounding the reported observation of an unusual aerial phenomenon on 25 August 1951 at Albuquerque, New Mexico.

AT ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO:
1. On 26 August 1951, Mr. [REDACTED] was interviewed at his trailer home at Sandia Corporation, and verified that he is a Security Guard for Sandia Corporation, and works the night shift (10:00 PM to 6:00 AM). He and his wife were standing outside their trailer home, waiting for him to go to work, when they both saw an unusual type aircraft flying overhead, and his wife described what they both saw as follows:

"On the 25th of August 1951 at 2158 hours from my home located at Albuquerque, I observed the following described aircraft:
This aircraft was flying in a south by east direction at a speed I thought to be about 300 miles per hour.
The altitude was difficult to judge, but the aircraft was low enough to observe the lights and fins from the upper side clearly.
This aircraft was unusual in the following ways: there was no sound of motors or jets in fact there was no sound at all that I could hear. It could not have been a helicopter, for it made no sound and had no discernible rotors. The aircraft was 75-100 feet long and was shaped like a spread V with the wings sloping back at an angle of about 15°.
On the rear edge of the wings soft white lights were located in each side of center. These lights were very different from motor or jet exhausts as seen at night. I am familiar with the appearance of internal combustion of aircraft.
From the front edge of the wing strips extended to the rear edge of the wing with the strip ending between the lights of each wing. These strips had poor reflection.
The wings appeared to retain their size from the center to the tip without any tapering."
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10