There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

Reg Ltr Fr Bas. AMC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton Ohio
data 9 December 1949, Subj: Light Phenomena
2nd Ind.

HQ AMC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio 17 May 1950
TO: Director of Research and Development, Hq. USAF, Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: DCS/D

1. Since the date of basic correspondence this Command has been
unable to institute sufficient project on a defined basis utilizing proposed
techniques to investigate further the light phenomena referred to in
reference 1 for your information the investigation involves the following observa-
tions techniques:

a. Optical tracking with Askania photo theodolites in order
to provide trajectory data and photo records.

b. Optical spectre-photography using standard cameras with
suitable filters to determine spectra.

c. Radio spectrum analysis through the range from 500 kc to
4000 mc. This operation of the program will be closely tied with the
Signal Corps providing equipment and personnel.

2. The request in this Command as outlined in Paragraph 2 of basic
correspondence is withdrawn. This prior RDF approval for the
project is therefore cancelled. This Command will take action to discontinue
the project.

3. In order to better evaluate the results of the investigation
outlined in Paragraph 1 above, it would be very desirable to have the
activities of the 17th District office of the district of the Counter Intelligence
activities at the Air Force Base, cooperate in making light phenomena
sightings and furnish full reports to this Command. It is therefore
requested that action be taken for such cooperation for the period of this
investigation or the 17th District CGI investigation for the period of this
project.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

S. R. BRENTNALL
Major General, USAF
Director of Research and Development

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
NOO DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED