The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED

The objects were not too brilliant, and since there were several it is obvious that they observed a V-shaped formation of lights. This is not to be considered, however, as to the shape of the objects, since there were several of them and they observed only the lights. They had never observed a V-shaped formation of lights before.

The objects that the professors observed were, in their opinion, not too bright to be photogenic. If they had been brighter, the college professors were satisfied that they could have photographed them. As it was, their intensity was such that when the professors developed the negatives, the objects had disappeared.

It was found that one school of thought at the people at the Newsweek Area was that the objects were some type of military balloon reflecting light. This, however, was just a reflection, since the objects themselves apparently showed no detail such as would characterize a balloon. Some of the people who were looking for the objects did see blicks as there were dust particles in the air.

The college professors do not believe the theory that the objects were birds, but they are willing to consider it. If they were birds, they could have to be relatively low to give the illusion of high speed. An explanation does not seem reasonable, however, if they continued to do this for several minutes.

The Federal 'U.S. Life Case" wasn't one to upset, although he was not familiar with the incident. He indicated he couldn't have been certain that they could have been, however, the most likely explanation would be if it is a bird, a balloon or aircraft. Since no details were given, he felt he couldn't make a final judgment if there would be enough of these fires to make up as they appeared to be.

If the photos are authentic, the objects very possibly are not discs, because the professors chose their spots carefully and attempted to get photos of discs using both natural light and flares, but failed.

Analysis of photos by Wright Air Development Center.
The Photographic Reconnaissance Laboratories recommends a preliminary analysis of the photographs. The analysis was made by Interpreting the negatives in a comparator microscope. Their conclusions were:

UNCLASSIFIED