There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text found in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

e. The color of the 11-light was blue-green.
f. There were from 15 to 20 separate lights in each formation.
g. The first two flights observed were a semi-circle or U-shape but in subsequent flights there was no orderly arrangement.
h. The objects were first observed from the north and disappeared to the south. The objects did not actually come closer or move away but merely appeared and disappeared from a distance, neither did it visually disappear. 
i. There was no audible sound change or change in light intensity observed.
j. The "angular size" was estimated to be 10°.
Attempts were made to obtain the relative heights or the angular size in radian measure, but ascertaining this was difficult due to the fact that the objects merged between closely scattered clouds.
Attempts were made to determine whether or not there was any form between the lights or any solid object behind them, but these efforts were unsuccessful.
This phenomenon was observed by at least one hundred people in and around Lubbock, Texas. Some of these people were of the opinion that the objects were lights from the South Plains Air Force Base.
On the evening of 31 August 1951 at about 2300 C.S.T., a college freshman from Texas Tech University observed a formation of the listed objects over the city, watching the first flight of these objects was observed through a ground level window. These objects were starting to move. Two more flights of the object were clearly observed and were photographed. The photographs do show a formation of lights. This would appear to be illogical as by 31 August 1951 these flights were well known and there were no further flights of the object seen after that date. It is well known that two more flights of the object were clearly observed and were photographed. The photographs do not a show a circular formation of lights. The photo shows a V-shaped formation of lights. The photographs show a variation of light intensity, some lights appearing to be brighter than others, which appears to be inherent light sources.

(See appendix III for possible related incidents.)

II. STATUS OF THE INVESTIGATION
A. Trip to Lubbock, Texas
On 6 September 1951 an officer was sent to Lubbock, Texas, to obtain more details on the incident which had occurred in that city. The purpose of the trip was to obtain more definite information as to the identification of the objects observed and to attempt to obtain photographs if further flights occurred. The officer interviewed various observers and they presented a signed statement describing the objects they had observed.

UNCLASSIFIED