The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an unclassified report on light phenomena.

UNCLASSIFIED
14 September 1949

SUBJECT: Light Phenomena 

TO: Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

1. Since the establishment of the special project at HQ AMC, (Project GRUDGE), to investigate and analyze reports on so-called "flying saucers" and other unusual aerial phenomena, many reports have been received from persons who have observed what they considered to be unusual light phenomena. Foremost in this category have been the "green fireball" incidents. 

Analysis by various specialists has indicated that many of the incidents involving light phenomena are natural occurrences and can be satisfactorily explained. However, certain incidents appear to fall into a category which, at least initially, cannot be explained satisfactorily. Foremost in this category are the "green fireball" variety, by Dr. Joseph Kaplan, member of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board, who has been requested to make a study of the "green fireball" phenomena.

3. Correspondence relative to Dr. Kaplan's conclusions on the phenomena and correspondences received, inclusive of a report from the Second Air Force, Carswell AFB, Texas, for scientific investigation of these instances, are attached.

4. The Air Material Command has under contract several organizations to assist in the investigation of these unusual aerial phenomena. It is desired that these organizations be consulted regarding the "green fireball" phenomena, and any additional information necessary to an explanation of the phenomena.

5. It is requested that Randall in the Radio Branch at HQ AMC, continue discussions of the light phenomena. It is requested that representatives from the Second Air Force be included in these discussions in order that all laboratories and agencies may be fully informed.

6. This Headquarters should be advised of the progress of the evaluation, and the results as soon as possible.

BY COMMAND OF THE CHIEF OF STAFF:

JOHN M. TUCKER
Maj., USAF
Asst. Chief of Air Technical Intelligence