The image does not contain a photograph, but rather text from a historical document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Interrogation of Capital Airlines Pilot
26 November 1951 incident

While interrogating Mr. Capital Airlines pilot, an object which he described as being about 40 feet in diameter, was sighted on 26 November 1951 at 1925 hours, 25 miles north of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. (See 24 Nov 51 - Southern Michigan for info on Mr. ******.)

On 26 November 1951 the pilot was captain of a Capital Airlines flight from Indianapolis to Milwaukee. As the flight was approaching Milwaukee, he sighted an object which appeared to be about 40 feet in diameter. He first observed it from the Milwaukee shoreline when he was about 25 miles out. He estimated the object to be at an altitude of 1,500 feet. Both he and the co-pilot saw this object coming head on. It finally passed about a mile north and a little higher than the L-3, which was flying at 5,500 feet. (Constant and it remains in the 13-33, which was flying at 5,500 feet. (Constant and reliable) as it was most likely the jet itself which gave the impression of irregular speed and altitude.)

The object was described as being about one foot in diameter and bright blue. It traveled faster than the L-3, which was flying at approximately 250 mph. The visibility was exceptionally good, very clear.

At the time of this sighting, the pilot was on a "company channel" and he remarked to Chicago about the incident. Another pilot (name unknown) who had sighted the object over Chicago yesterday afternoon, said that he had also seen something similar. It was bright bluish, had no apparent motion, and appeared to be very high. (Comment: This incident does not sound rigged, although it is somewhat difficult to evaluate the position and movements of the object due to the limited data available from the report.)

The Chicago pilot said that his object should have been a full mile behind the pilot who saw it, and a head-on view could not have been obtained. (The Chicago pilot said that his object should have been a full mile behind the pilot who saw it, and a head-on view could not have been obtained.)

UNCLASSIFIED