The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is an investigation report about unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED
DETAILS:
1. Investigation predicated upon verbal request from Air Provost Marshall, based on receipt of classified TIY from Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, ATTN: Director of Intelligence, Lt Col Robert G. Chilton, dated 17 September 1951, based upon receipt of classified TVX from Commanding General, AID., reviewed by Commanding General, Air Force Intelligence, Maj Gen Cabell, Director of Intelligence, dated 21 September 1951.
2. Verbal information from District Commander, 2nd Air Division, Barksdale AFB, Louisiana, re District No. 2, reporting 6 observed unidentified air objects on 7 September 1951 over Lovingston, Virginia, which cannot be identified as conventional or known type aircraft.
3. No physical evidence or recovered material is available for examination by this Command. The incidents were previously reported to Headquarters, Tactical Air Command and some additional data gathered by 363rd Reconnaissance Wing, Tactical Air Command, Langley AFB, Virginia, subject to further investigation.
AT BIGGS AFB, TEXAS
1. 2nd Lt John A. Thompson, United States Air Force, Asst Wing Intelligence Officer, reported the unidentified air objects were observed during routine flight activity and maneuvered in such a manner as to cause considerable alarm to the pilots. No further identifiable details or data collected. No radar track or physical evidence obtained.
AT LUBBOCK, TEXAS
1. On 17 September 1951, the writer accompanied by FARLEY met with the director of the Slaughterhouse Journal, Lubbock, Texas, D.C. CHARLES GUY, who, without any examination of the witnesses, declined to assist in obtaining available copies of the newspaper accounts containing the report. Copies of the newspaper not available were photographed in privacy.
AT REESE AFB, TEXAS
1. Due to the classified nature of REESE and the time classification RECD and the time R&D and the time-classification RECD and the time-classification assigned to this report, all of the newspaper items which were photographed, developed and printed in connection with this case are in latest order of publishing, as the copies herewith have been edited in latest order of publication, as the copies herewith have been edited as a part of this report.
AT MCADUOR, TEXAS
1. The sighting of an unidentified aerial object over U.S. Highway 82 approximately 4 miles east on Lubbock, Texas was reported to the local authorities on 31 August 1951.
UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3-YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AT 12-YEAR INTERVALS.
DOD DIR 5200.10