The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or article discussing "flying saucers" and the U.S. Air Force's investigation into UFO sightings under Project Blue Book.

THE FINAL WORD ON
Flying Saucers?
At the U. of Colorado a new all-out attack on UFOs has been launched - BY L. JEROME STANTON
Author of "Flying Saucers Hover Reality"
Are we being spied upon and studied by intelli- extremely limited. Indeed, with a staff limited most of the time to one commissioned officer, one NCO gent beings from outer space, as we study the and two clerks, its amazing that Project Blue Book primitive abrogines of central Australia and could do any job effectively.
New Guinea? Is the U.S. Air Force deliberately The first incident sighting of a UFO occurred withholding information about flying saucers, for June 24th, 1947, near Mt. Rainier in Washington. fear that revealing the truth would trigger a panic? A veteran private pilot named Kenneth Arnold, while flying his own light aircraft, saw nine large, shiny Why do we still know so little about the true nature objects shaped like "half-moons" at high speed. The of these uniformly flying objects? Is it possible that objects were described as moving "like a saucer science has other intelligence service as mighty and skipped across water" and from this a reporter derived asked by a great many people who formerly would the name "flying saucer."
have laughed off such thoughts as pure fantasy. 
Almost 20 years ago a news story about "flying
saucers" flashed over the press wires, startling our
nation and much of the civilized world. From that
moment, a world-wide interest in the unidentified flying
objects has stubbornly stayed alive, despite efforts of
authorities to relegate and debunk them.
Fortunately, one new factor has entered the picture that bids fair to resolve some of our doubts and confusion. On October 7, 1965, a contract was awarded to the University of Colorado to conduct a definitive investigation of UFO sightings and report findings to the U.S. Air Force, which recommended such a study a year and a half earlier.
The Colorado project will then be reviewed by the National Academy of Sciences. Founded at somewhat more than $500,000, the study will analyze 10,000 reports, and actually assign scientists to the field to study UFOs

In the two decades since that
episode, literally thousands of
UFO sightings have been reported from all parts of the
world. 

In January, 1955, former Marine Corps officer, Dr. Donald E. Keyhoe, a retired retired author of articles for "True" magazine, in which he insisted that flying saucers were real, physical objects, and that they came from some place not on our own planet Earth. The article touched off a great deal of controversy, and evidence for this good, close-up photographs or motion pictures (or debris of a crashed saucer?) proved impossible to get, and conclusions had to be based solely on the accounts of eye-witnesses.

The Air Force began the first official investiga-

stood until 1965, when a book "Anatomy of a Phenomenon," by Jacques Vallee, a French scientist living in the U.S., was published. Superbly scientific in tone, it gave an unusually complete and authoritative summary of the entire history of the flying saucer-UFO phenomenon. It also opened the eyes of many people to the fact that sightings were world-wide.

Then, in the early hours of August 5, 1965, when Chiles and Whitted, two Eastern Air Lines pilots, were flying a passenger plane between Montgomery, Alabama, and Atlanta, Georgia, a seemingly large, glowing, jet-propelled object raced by them, and then disappeared. Reports of UFOs, many of the reports coming from police officers in highway patrol cars. One group of objects was seen for about 30 minutes flying in a diamond-formation over the area around Shawnee, Oklahoma. They were lights of indefinite shape that changed color randomly from orange-red to white to bluish-green; and back again... Radar at Tinker and Carswell Air Force Bases in the area tracked four objects that coincided with objects seen by eye-witnesses, according to a statement issued by the Oklahoma Highway Patrol. The radar tracking was later denied by the Air Force, but the denial contradicted by a statement from the Department of Public Safety in Oklahoma, revealing that the fusion rate of radar had increased when the "UFO" Black Officer later reported witnessing that the stars Rigel, Capella and Aldebaran, and the planet Jupiter, were under peculiar local weather conditions, had been the cause.