The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

The text in the document reads as follows:

discrepancies in the photos have been found and the photo-grapher is being interrogated by the U.S.i.

Clome are photos of the people in the village area is that the objects, the size and character on my film. Nothing is missing from the films. The objects in photo 1 near near the cottage seem to be same as objects in photo 3. However, when enlarging the photos numerous small objects were noticed flying over during the flight pattern shown in photo 3. It is very difficult to identify these objects as to whether they are birds, airplanes or some other objects. The identities of these small objects will require extensive study. However, other people were just as baffled and confirm that they have not seen these objects before. The investigation continues as to why the objects were not heard, nor any other sound like propellors. The Regional I.8.1. base has confirmed that there are no known aircraft flights at the time of the sighting.

The Regional F.B.I, have advised that they do not believe the theory that the objects were birds, but they are giving the possibility more consideration as to whether they were man-made or natural lights or peirments of high speed flight. An incidental flight of birds might not past over this area as a coincidence flight of some distance.

The Regional Air Force command has been advised of this incident and although he was not familiar with the incident and details of the objects, he stated that it is not a member of the Air Force flight, nor was there any known Allied Military or other known aircraft in that area at that time. He is a member of the Joint Operations Monitoring Board and will lake this information under advisement for any further informations that may warrant and action.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DDD DIR $200,10