The image does not contain any photographs. It is a typewritten document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED

LIBBOCK, TEXAS - 25 August 1951

The first of a series of sightings relate to this incident occurred on 25 August 1951 at approximately 9:10 p.m. Four Texas Technological College professors were sitting in the backyard of one of the professor's homes observing SCINTILLATIONS in the sky of an appreciable number of lights moving through the air. They observed this group of lights for 20 to 30 minutes.

The pattern of the lights was almost a perfect semi-circle, and it is estimated that they traveled at a high rate of speed. The pattern of the lights was observed as being in rows and moving across the sky, similar to this incident was observed was during a period of about three weeks, with those participating being of the opinion that more than one aircraft was involved. 

The group of men include:
a. The Head of the Petroleum Engineering Department
b. Professor of Geology, has Ph.D.
c. Professor of Chemistry, has Ph.D.
d. Professor of Chemical Engineering, has Ph.D.

Besides the above four men the following have observed the incident:
e. Graduate student working on Ph.D.
In addition, a Professor of Astronomy was consulted on the incident, but he did not observe any of these flights.

The above mentioned men took a personal interest in the phenomena and undertook a study of observations made to determine the nature and character of the flights. The flight path of the object and blazing angle seemed to indicate devices at the end of the flight path being drawn in. However, the objects did not appear on the nights the observers were waiting for them.

From the series of observations, the following facts were obtained:
a. The angular velocity of the object was very nearly 300 degrees per second.
b. There was no sound that could be attributed to the object.
c. The flight path of the object was from N to S in the majority of the flights.
d. There were two or three flights per evening. 
e. The period between flights was about one hour and 10 minutes.

UNCLASSIFIED