The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

Flying Saucer report 11 September 1951

A P-33 Jet fighter landed at Mitchell at 1145 yesterday, the 10th of September. 
The pilot reported that they had seen in the sky over Sandy Hook a round object moving at a terrific rate of speed. With an arc like motion it was within their field of vision for about two minutes. They were travelling at 450 miles an hour, at a height of 20,000 feet. The object was approximately 8000 feet below them. They peeled off to take a closer look at it, and chased it to attempt to change its course, but they barely believe their eyes - it was so fast.

'The object was a grayish white, and was giving out a bright light, which they believe was the sun's rays being reflected from the object because it had that effect, that is it blinded them for a moment, whatever it was.' They reported this to operations officer when they landed, and somehow it got to the ears of one of the Long Island newspapers.

Col T: Yes, you made no release on it, is that correct?
Maj B: I made no release on it, said nothing, but then I got the press inquiries. (I gave them the facts as reported to me by the pilot.) The pilots made no mention of the fact that they saw a flying saucer, but merely reported that they had seen a strange object, moving at a speed they estimate to be in excess of 900 miles an hour, in an extremely risky direction, over Sandy Hook. In response to the press inquiries, we gave the facts as reported to us by the two pilots, who were by name Lt. W. Rogers, who was piloting the ship at the time, and Capt. E. Ballard, Jr., both of the Fighter Interceptor Wing at Dover.

Col T: Yes, I'm getting it, go ahead.
Maj B: I think I've given you the basic facts of the matter. I don't know how word reached the newspapers here, but as required by regulations, when I was asked to check the story by the press, I checked it, I found out the report to be true and I released the story, as given to me by the pilots.