The image contains a photograph that appears to be a blurred or obscured image, possibly of an aircraft or some other object in the sky. The image is too blurred to make out any clear details.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Statement of Sgt._________, 359th Med. Disp., Biggs AF Base, El Paso, Texas:

On 13-5-51 at about 0630 hours, I observed a bright light, approximately a mile and a half to the east of my residence. When it came down to my yard, there was a very bright right light, almost dazzling. I was inside my window when I saw this bright object. It was bright silver in color and circular in shape. It remained in this position for about 5 to 10 seconds, then it quickly ascended in a northeast direction at a high rate of speed to about 10,000 to 12,000 feet and disappeared from sight.

I did not hear any noise. It did not appear to make any unusual maneuvers. From the time I first observed the object until it disappeared, was approximately 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. The light was so bright that it was difficult to look at it. The size of the object was approximately 12 to 15 feet in diameter.

One time (about 45 minutes to 1 hour after I first sighted the object) at approximately 0730 hours, I again observed the object. This time it appeared on the horizon at about 12 to 15 degrees. It appeared to be descending at a very high rate of speed. It was approximately 1/2 to 3/4 mile north of where I had first observed it. It returned to a relatively position.

The light was so bright that I was unable to see any shape or form, but the object appeared to be circular. I did not hear any noise nor see any smoke nor sparks as if it was on fire. There was no sound. This light observed this second time lasted for approximately 12 to 15 seconds before it ascended and again disappeared from sight.

At 0430 I spoke to my neighbors to use their telephone. I phoned the base to report what I had seen. The Base Operations Officer went to the tower and according to him the tower operators was not aware that there was anything observed.

Witnesses other than myself were my wife, Mrs._____, and my neighbor.