The image appears to contain a scanned document from Project Blue Book, describing an outstanding sighting that occurred on February 19, 1951 at Nairobi, Kenya, East Africa. The document does not contain any photographs, but provides a detailed description of the sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

AN OUTSTANDING SIGHTING
THE MT. KILIMANJARO SIGHTING
February 19, 1951, dawned bright and clear at Nairobi, Kenya, Colony, East Africa. 
At Nairobi West Airport, the regular Monday morning Lodestar was readied to take off for its morning flight to Dar es Salaam, and soon passengers filed aboard, little dreaming of what was to mark their return by the unusual events barely 20 minutes later.
At 7 a.m. exactly with 9 passengers and a crew of 2 aboard, the Lodestar took off. 
All went well until 7.20 a.m. when suddenly the radio officer drew the attention of his superior, Capt. J. Bicknell, to a bright object like a white, apparently circular, motionless vessel some 10,000 ft. above Mt. Kilimanjaro.
Capt. Bicknell's first reaction, he said later, was to say nothing. The thing was watched intently, however, because of its curious behavior of gliding silently through the air, apparently studying the locality, whilst the radio officer listened on the interphone, and prompted by a powerful pair of binoculars which the Captain was using, gave an excited call to Eastleigh nearby, giving an account and description of the thing.
Eastleigh's suggestion it seemed in reply was that the object might be a U.S. Air Force pilot testing new equipment. But checking on that, revealed nothing the Lodestar Captain had to examine that peculiarity. For when Capt. Bicknell found that he was observing it, the thing had already started to climb swiftly and sail away in the direction of Mt. Kilimanjaro, and disappeared at an apparently tremendous speed. The whole sighting lasted perhaps 17 minutes.
Capt. Bicknell estimated the thing was over 200 ft. long, bullet-shaped, and apparently constructed of metal which shone brightly. On first sighting, it seemed only a few miles distant, but afterwards it appeared to be incredibly distant, was its speed or manner of doing so that caused this impression.
There were no signs of movement, no sound, no exhaust, nothing. The thing possessed a square-cut vertical fin at one end. There were no signs of movement: it was absolutely stationary.
So it remained for 17 minutes. Passengers of the Lodestar were now taking turns with the field-glasses, and it had soon become the main topic of conversation.