The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document related to radar operations and trainees.

Capt McNicholas; Dr. Bennett; Col Nurrmann; Agent Detorn; Agent and Chief Reed, both of G-2; and consequently, Lt Rogers and Major Ballarc of Dover Air Force Base, pilots concerned; Major Markin, Commanding Technical Officer of this Radar Station; Station Sergeant, Master radar box changer. This light Radio Station; and incidental individuals. Reference to basic CFAS.

Item No. 2 of the telecon of 28 September 1951 will show the names of Clark, Abelle, Mason, and Myer. These individuals were concerned with operations of radar stations from which signals were seen on 10 and 11 September. The significant fact learned at Fort Monmouth was that the students were operating radar sets in a training center that these students were not connected with practical operations. They maintained no plotting records and they did not plot and did not know of the existence of the training installations. Circumstances were handled that as a students ago were being trained for maintenance at this training facility and that an instructor put certain mechanical or electronic difficulties into radar sets of the SCR 584-A Type. The students were charged for determining the malfunction causes and eliminating these causes. If the students were successful in eliminating the causes and peaking their set to higher radiation efficiencies, early in their phase of the program associated with these sets, they were permitted to operate the sets much the same as a tactical operation for training or for certain types of incidental testing which was not confined to a particular circular areas in connection with the following interest in stations in that these students were assigned to such sets and these three students were required to operate alone, not providing a man for allowing or coordinating by plots. It was considered incidentally desirable by the students to operate the sets as a sort of privilege and they attempted to do this whenever possible.