The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document containing a report or description of unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

Text from the document:

b. DR. --- --- Professor of Chemical Engineering at Texas Tech.
c. DR. --- --- Professor of Geology at Texas Tech.

The above named observers have witnessed flights on several nights. They do not believe the bird theory, and stated that they have witnessed enough of the phenomena, or whatever it is, to make this decision. It is apparent from the information received by ATIC that this group attempted to approach the situation in a scientific manner.

The three college professors were gathered together discussing astronomy on the evening of 25 August 1951. They happened to be looking at a certain constellation when they observed the first flight at 2110. They described it as a rough semi-circle of lights. A second object passed over 3 minutes later. The men observed that there was no shock wave felt and they surmised that the object or objects must be above 50,000' (Comment: No shock or compression was felt due to high horizontal flights except at very low altitudes.) They could not judge the exact altitude or speed but agreed the speed was very high.

The 5 September 1951 sighting was observed by a group of people with scientific backgrounds from the Texas Tech faculty. The group was unnamed but included six men with PhD degrees. They observed three flights and supposedly made measurements. Their counter to the migratory fowl theory is that:
a. There would not be enough light from reflections to obtain photographs of a bird in flight at night. (Comment: Substantiated by the photo Section of WADO.)
b. The speed is too great; a 1250 are in 2 seconds (See Inclosure #3).
c. The object was sighted by Big Spring Texas Airport officials from the airport, which was not lighted, so there could be no light to reflect.
d. In regard to the 1200 arc, one flight was observed over a cloud that

UNCLASSIFIED