The image contains a photograph of an object in the sky that is described as "Swamp gas" by the Air Force explanation for the sighting in Hillsdale, Michigan. The photograph shows an unidentified flying object that was photographed over Long Island.

"Swamp gas" was the Air Force explanation for the sighting in Hillsdale, Michigan, according to the text in the image.

OCR output:
"A photograph, taken by Dan (left) and Grant Fairstedt in the backyard of their home northeast of Detroit, is undergoing scientific analysis.

series of peculiar lights was seen over Wanaque reservoir in Northern New Jersey. Similar lights were reported near Hillsdale, Mich., by many residents of that area, who loudly contradicted semiofficial statements that marsh gas was responsible. Still more such-sighted glowing lights were seen and photographed over Long Island. This time the official explanation put the blame on the star Sirius.

In January, 1967, two youngsters, Daniel and Grant Fairstedt, in Harrison Township, northeast of Detroit, reported seeing what looked like a big hamburger and was the size of a helicopter. The photos were sent to Dr. J. Allen Hynek, chairman of the Astronomy Department at Northwestern University, who has investigated reported sightings for the U. S. Air Force. His comment at the time was that the photos did not indicate an obvious hoax, but that the required analysis had not yet been completed.

As matters now stand, there is anything but agreement, either within the body of the general public, or among various groups of UFO buffs. The clues and individuals who swear they have had actual contact with intelligent beings who come flying over are the clubs and individuals who swear they have had actual contact with intelligent beings who come flying saucers.

At the other end of the gamut of UFO groups is NICAP, the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, of Washington, D.C., with Major Keyhoe as Director, and Richard Hall as Assistant Director. With a membership of about 11,000 civilians, NICAP is the largest and most influential UFO group, relying on a highly percentage of scientific, technical, military and law enforcement personnel. Somewhere in the middle is the Saucer and Unexplained Celestial Events Research Society, of Rt. Lee, N. J. and New York City. SAUCERS was founded in 1954, claims about 7,000 members and holds a broader view of UFO phenomena than than the more conservative NICAP.

This photo shows related by the town's official defense director to refute the "swamp gas" theory."