The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT A YEAR INTERVALS;
NOT AUTOMATICALLY REGRADED: DOD DIR 5200.10

LUBBOCK, TEXAS - 25 August 1951

I. DISCUSSION OF THE INCIDENT

The first of a series of sightings related to this incident occurred the evening of 25 August 1951 at approximately 2010 CDT. Four Texas Technological College professors were sitting in the backyard of one of the professor's homes observing meteors. It also they observed a group of lights pass overhead from N to S. The lights had about the same intensity as a 5-8 magnitude star. The altitude was not determined but the pattern of the lights did indicate a semi-circle containing from 20 to 30 separate units. The pattern of the lights later appeared to be a solid circular object containing from 20 to 30 separate units. This object was observed and photographed during a period of about three weeks a total of approximately twelve (12) such flights were observed by these men.

The group of men included:
a. The Head of the ___ Department, has PhD.
b. Professor of ___, has PhD.
c. Professor of ___, has PhD.
d. Professor of ___, has PhD.

Besides the above four men, the following have observed the incidents:
a. Professor of ___, has PhD.
b. Graduate Student working on PhD.

In addition, a Professor of Astronomy was consulted on the incident, but he did not observe any of these flights.

The above mentioned men took a personal interest in the phenomena and undertook a study of the objects. Attempts were made to obtain an altitude measurement by varying the line of sight of the object and placing angle measuring devices at the end of the base line, however, this proved unsuccessful because the objects if not appear on the horizon.

From the series of observations, the following facts were obtained:
a. The angular velocity of the object was very nearly 30° of arc per second.
b. There was no sound that could be attributed to the object.
c. The flight path of the object was from N to E in the majority of the flights, although some were NE to SW.
d. On several nights there were two or three flights.