This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

The text on the page discusses a sighting of an unidentified object in the vicinity of Battle Creek, Michigan on October 7, 1951. The report provides details about the sighting, including the description of the object and the witness's reactions.

OCR output:

AF FORM 112--PART II
UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
PLACE OF ORIGIN: (DATE)(DIVISION)
35-1C-513
10-7-51/ 4 BATTLE CREEK, MICHIGAN
Summary: On the evening of 7 October 1951, Mr. T. and his wife were driving on US-12 approximately 3 miles west of Battle Creek, Michigan, when they observed an extremely bright, apparently stationary, light source in the sky to the west. The light was observed for a period of approximately 5 minutes and then disappeared from sight rather abruptly. Mr. T. has had previous experience in observing aerial phenomena and has a keen interest in such matters. He is considered to be a reliable and intelligent witness. 

Details:
Mr. T., a 40-year-old male, was driving west on US-12 with his wife at approximately 6:50 PM EST on 7 October 1951. The weather was clear and the visibility was excellent. As they approached the point approximately 3 miles west of Battle Creek, Mr. T. observed an extremely bright light source in the sky to the west, at an estimated elevation of 30 to 40 degrees. The light appeared to be stationary and was estimated to be several hundred yards in diameter. Mr. T. immediately pointed out the light to his wife and they both observed it intently for a period of approximately 5 minutes. During this time, the light remained stationary and exhibited no apparent motion or change in intensity. After 5 minutes, the light suddenly disappeared from sight, giving the impression that it had been extinguished. Mr. T. was unable to determine the exact manner in which the light disappeared. 

Mr. T. is considered to be a reliable and intelligent witness. He has had previous experience in observing aerial phenomena and has a keen interest in such matters. He is certain that the light he observed was not an aircraft, a star, a planet, or any known type of aerial object. He could not offer any logical explanation for the nature and behavior of the light.

Remarks:
The only other case about which this office has any information involving an object similar to the one described above occurred in the vicinity of Kingsley, Michigan, on 5 October 1951, when several persons reported observing a strange light source in the sky. This case is still under investigation.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED ON 20 DEC 2002