The provided image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, a former U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
THE SAUCERS APPEARED
Report on the sighting of an unusual flying object in the sky over Montreal, Canada, on November 7, 1950. The object was observed for about 15 minutes, and its description and behavior are reported.

Part I
On a clear night, at about 11 p.m. of the date above mentioned, the witness was driving on the Laurier and Sherbrooke streets, in the neighborhood of the Montreal Airport. He states that at the intersection of Laurier and Sherbrooke streets, his attention was attracted to a bright light in the sky, at an angle of about 45 degrees above the horizon, and to the west. The light appeared to be stationary at first, but the witness soon observed that it was moving, and at a very high speed. The witness states that the object appeared to be round or elliptical in shape, and that the color varied from white to greenish-white. At the beginning, the object seemed to be at a distance from the witness, but it soon came closer, and passed directly overhead, at a distance estimated by the witness to be about 500 feet. The witness states that, at this time, the object was completely silent, and its size appeared to be that of a medium-sized airplane. As the object passed overhead, the witness observed that it was surrounded by a hazy glow, which seemed to emanate from the object itself. The witness states that, as the object passed overhead, he got the impression that it was about 60 to 70 feet in diameter. After the object had passed overhead, it disappeared in the direction of the west, and the witness states that it seemed to accelerate rapidly as it moved away. The witness states that, after the object had passed overhead, he looked for a few seconds to see if he could observe any unconventional features, such as wings or propellers, but he could not see any such features. The witness states that, during the entire observation, the object maintained a perfectly straight course, and that it did not deviate from its path at any time. The witness states that, after the object had disappeared, he decided to stop his car and observe the sky for a few more minutes, in case the object should reappear, but he did not see it again. The witness states that, during the time the object was visible, he did not observe any conventional aircraft in the sky, either in the vicinity of the object or elsewhere. The witness states that he is a former Army Officer, and that he is thoroughly familiar with the appearance and behavior of conventional aircraft. He states that he is confident that the object he observed was not a conventional aircraft of any kind. The witness states that, during the time the object was visible, there were no other persons in the vicinity who could have observed it, and that he was the only witness to the sighting.