There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a Project Blue Book report providing details about an incident involving Pvt. Mason and his crew, and Pvt. Allen and his crew, related to a "rigid detail and routine to which they are subjected". The report discusses the difficulties the students were having with their training program, and provides details about the incident where Pvt. Allen was operating a set alone and identifying a target. The report concludes that the situation was too confused to make any definite findings, and that weather could have had an effect on the target.

solicited from Pvt Mason and his crew due to the difficulties of time having elapsed and the students being confused by their training program, speaking specifically of a rigid detail and routine to which they are subjected. This should not be construed to be a criticism in that their technical capabilities seem to be unusually great for students showing that their training course is likely a good one. Notice that paragraphs 3 of these communication indicates two unrelated reports. Pvt Mason and his crew are identified with No. 4, SGR Serial No. 315. Mr. Meyer identified with this Serial No. 217, Item 3. Now it is proper to discuss SGR Set Serial No. 315 of Item 3 identifying this was Pvt Allen and his crew. Pvt Allen, Pvt Abello of this crew were interrogated. It developed that Pvt Allen was operating the set alone at the time he picked up the signal. He did not relate the information that morning to his fellow students but instead that rather waited until that afternoon. Although they were within easy hearing distance at the time he identified the target on the scope, the situation is too confused again in this instance to state specifically any findings. It may be concluded, however, that weather could have had a definite effect upon this target as well. Some question may be introduced concerning why Pvt Allen would fail immediately to notify his fellow members of such an unusual target had he seen it and indeed not mention it during the lunch but wait until that afternoon in order to be questioned in an evaluation again. There is not sufficient data to arrive at a conclusion. The time to be ascribed to paragraph 3 should be approximately 1037 EDST. Investigation of the student personnel occupied Saturday, Saturday night, and Sunday morning and part of Sunday afternoon. Much time was spent attempting to fix the difficulties that had been encountered.