There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is titled "SUMMARY OF INFORMATION" and provides details about an unidentified object sighted over Fort Benning, Georgia on January 12, 1951.

Here is the text output from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUMMARY OF INFORMATION
DATE: 22 Jan 51
REPORTING OFFICE: Don Intel Dr. G-2 Sec. Hq Third Army, Ft McPherson, Georgia
SUBJECT: Unidentified Object Sighted Over Fort Benning, Georgia, 12 Jan 51
SUMMARY OF INFORMATION:
Major Gordon, 111th GIC Detachment, Fort Benning, Georgia, reported to this headquarters by telephone at 1100 hours, 19 January 1951, as follows:
At 1651 hours on 12 January 1951, while engaged in the practice of fire maintenance, his attention was invited to a very bright object in the sky almost overhead. At first sight it appeared to be very bright - the size was about as large as an automobile tire and scattered clouds traveling in a southeasterly direction. This object was definitely visible for about half a minute, during which time it disappeared completely. It traveled about six times its own length before disappearing completely.
It traveled about six times its own length before disappearing completely. It was very bright and so low that it seemed to him to be just over the trees. The size appeared round and could have been an ordinary balloon, but said it appeared round and could have been an ordinary balloon, but said it appeared round and could have been an ordinary balloon, when holding the watch about at arm's length. He was not certain of the altitude but stated that it was well above the trees which appeared to be about 1000 feet altitude.
A check was made by the Public Information Office as to whether the Muscogee County Air Force or Lawson Air Force Base had sent up any weather balloons, but they had sent up none.
This object was seen by nine other people at the same time.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED