The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing an eyewitness account of a sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The document describes the object as appearing "moon size and circular, or globar", with a "white flash of light" that "must have been the door, or whatever they use for ingress and egress." It also mentions the "easy and immediate acceleration" and "terrific velocity" with which the object moved, as well as its ability to seemingly disappear and become "invisible" after a certain point. The document seems to be part of Project Blue Book, a US Air Force investigation into UFO sightings.

Text transcribed from the document:

reflested, appeared noon size and circular, or globar.
The motion is in the middle of the ship which reflected the
white flash of light, must have been the door, or whatever they
use for ingress and egress.
Another noticeable thing worthy of mention was the easy
and immediate acceleration after the turn around was executed
and the terrific velocity with which they zoomed up, westward
and still going off and up- up-up- gradually diminishing in
size until they were two dots, one following the other, and
then they were mere pinpoints: then first one and instantly
the other became invisible-- swallowed up by the immensity
of "space".
Rockets? I would never believe that. A principle far,
far beyond the comparative obsolescence of rockets. (boy(o-chardes)
would certainly be imprutical for interplanetary travel
and that should go without having to argus the point. Also,
could a rocket ship, such as we now have, remain perfectly
still, immobile in the air, resisting gravitation? These
ships certainly had gravitational control. I know because
I saw a ship of the same kind once before, although not under
such perfect conditions as the last time.
It was during the fall of 1942, either in September, or
October. I was standing on the terrace in front of a hillside apartment I then occupied. It was early evening and had
just become dark. All Hollywood was trembling under a
blanket of hazy, misty smog. Spotlights were streaming back
and forth across the sky. it was no cloudy I don't think I
saw a single star. Suddenly, I found my eyes resting on a