The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). There is no photograph present in this particular document, only text.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

LUBBOCK, TEXAS - 25 AUGUST 1951

Status Report #1

The first of a series of sightings relate to this incident occurred during the evening of September 27, 1951. Four Texas Technological College professors were sitting in the backyard of one of the professor's homes observing meteors when their attention was called to a peculiar formation of lights being observed over the Lubbock area. The sightings were carried out by the college professors, and as they observed a group of lights pass overhead that were larger and more brilliant than usual stars, they were impressed by the unusual nature of the incident.

On the following nights of September 28th and 29th, similar incidents were observed and during a period of about three weeks a total of numerous sightings were made by these men.

The group of men included:

a. The Head of the Department of Physics who has Ph.D.
b. Professor of Electrical Engineering, has Ph.D.
c. Professor of Mechanical Engineering, has Ph.D.
d. Professor of Civil Engineering, has Ph.D.

Besides the above four men, the following have observed the incidents:

a. Professor of Astronomy was consulted on the incident, but he did not observe any of these flights.

The above mentioned men took a personal interest in the phenomena and undertook a study of the objects. Attempts were made to obtain an altitude measurement by lining up the objects with known landmarks, but this was not successful, as the objects were too high, and there was no satisfactory base line. However, all their attempts failed because the objects did not reappear on the nights they were ready for observations.

From the series of observations, the following facts were obtained:

a. The angular velocity of the objects was very nearly 200 degrees per second.
b. There was no sound that could be attributed to the objects.
c. The flight path of the objects was from N to S in the majority of cases.
d. There were two or three flights per evening.
e. The period between flights was about one hour and 10 minutes.