The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, describing a field investigation conducted by Col. M. M. Rosengarten and Lt. J. W. Cummings between 27 September and 2 October 1951. The text summarizes the results of the investigation, which was prompted by a sighting at Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey on 10 and 11 September 1951. The document mentions electronic and visual means of unidentified flying objects and Col. Kirkland's desire to know more about the sighting. It also discusses the role of the Project Monitor or "Grudge" Project in extracting information from the files and Col. Kirkland's telephone call to Washington to determine if further action would be necessary.

The text found in the document is as follows:

16 October 1951

The purpose of the information recorded on this wire recording is to summarize results of a field investigation accomplished by Col M. M. Rosengarten and Lt J. W. Cummings between 27 September and 2 October 1951. The material recorded herein in chronological fashion although some organization will be introduced in handling the information derived from persons interrogated in Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey. The trip originated was a receipt at approximately 1400 at Air Technical Intelligence Center of Teletype No. 246, Telecon Item CSAF Item 2. This telecon was sent down from AFOIN-V/VTO.

The reported sightings on 10 September 1951 and on 11 September 1951 by electronic and visual means of unidentified flying objects. Col Kirkland had indicated such only in the morning on 2 October that Gen Cabell's office was desirous of knowing concerning a sighting at Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey. Therefore, the Project Monitor or "Grudge" Project extracted from the files information that had been received on the Ft. Monmouth sighting and related same to Col Kirkland. Now Col Kirkland made a telephone call to Washington and advised me to stand by that fast action would be necessary on this because of the General's personal interest. Therefore, a stenographer was alerted since it was expected that information might be received after working hours were completed or to work over would be accomplished. The mission indicated by Col Kirkland. However, no information reached us until 4 P.M., quiting time. At that moment, Mr. Dejarmond informed that a message had come in, that they had sought the Project Monitor and that discussion was being accomplished in Electronics Branch. Consequently, Col Rosengarten and Lt Cummings were dispatched to Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey.

Note: This is a full of ERRORS So use it Cautiously - ERRORS made in transcribing from wire.