The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an excerpt from a document. The excerpt appears to be from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Text Output:
7. During the period of Mr. ~'s observation, the object moved from South to North in straight line, not disappearing at any time. For this climb, The light seemed even brighter at the higher altitude. It hovered at that altitude for a period. The point of light was directly above the object at that time. Then the point moved at an angle of 20 to 30 degrees and went out of sight. 
8. When leaning, the point changed position too fast for the eye to detect initial motion. It was accomplished at a relatively slow speed, since Mr. ~'s ability to observe motion was not impaired. The point of light appeared to stop abruptly, hover before proceeding to the next progression. Each progression appeared to be about a half minute.
9. When first observed by Mr. ~, the point of light was leaning from South to North. The leaning information shows the startipoint, attached on the left side of the drawing, remained in a stationaryosition, and indicates the final hovering of the unit before it again disappeared from view in the direction he installed "FINIS".
10. Mr. ~ is a pilot, holding Pilot's Ticket ~ For two-and-a-half years he crop-dusted in Texas, Mississippi, and Florida. He discontinued this crop-dusting sometime in 1950. He has 20/20 vision without glasses. He stated that he has consumed no intoxicating substances in over a year.
11. Mr. ~ reported that at the time he observed the object the sun was very brilliant, but the object was still visible, and there were no clouds except for a few wisps that appeared to the North. The sky was still blue, and they had remained in the area while the object hovered practically motionless.
12. On 28 January 1951 Mr. ~ went to the airport at Cochran Field, Georgia, to report a sighted unexplained object. There had been nothing unusual in the sky on Sunday evening, but there was a strange object hovering about half-way toward the horizon. It had been there for approximately 15 minutes before his arrival, and there was no noise.
13. The Intelligence Office did not consider it necessary to interview Mr. ~, as his description of the phenomenon, as related to Mr. ~, was considered satisfactory.
14. Mr. ~ has taken no particular interest in the subject of flying saucers. He has stated that he has seen nothing further regarding this subject that has not read it.