The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

Page three.
Civilian to photograph the map. The photographer answered that he
did many picture and a picture was taken. A second picture was taken of Lt. Rogers and Lt. Captain (?) at a table with the map.
The unknown captain did not wish to have his name used, but consented
to same.
Lt Rogers left Mitchell for Dover that evening.

BBC d. On 11-12-51 at 1931, Capt Mitchell and Capt Rogers of McGuire AFB, N.J. received a call from a station mentioning that the object was again sighted over Dover. Some officers rushed to the tower to view the object, but their view was obscured. When 1st Lt. Ballard arrived, the object had disappeared. Lt Rogers said that he had obtained permission to discuss the matter with them, but lacer a report stated that he had been told not to discuss it, as he was very not to be able to discuss the matter with them, but could not give any satisfactory explanation.
Later a report stated that he might have discussed it with them, but was told by the officer in charge on responsibility of
obtaining more information. He called EADS who called USAF and the one who called USAF was a Mr. Rogers, a Lt. on Commanding
Generals Staff.

Later, a Lt. East at Dover - received a call to say the object was not seen.

J-2 on 11-17-53 ordered Lt Ballard and Lt Rogers to investigate for interview
concerning the incidents. Went to Sewcoth field and Lt Rogers talked to Lt Ballard of what had occurred

called Sgt Rogers (Jansson) of Roswell, New Mexico 25 September, said the officers had returned to Dover after the incident, but the evidence they had collected was not 41.12 days after. He stated they had only seen the object for.a few seconds.

Sgt Rogers further stated that he had talked to Colonel or Major Ballard and was told that he was happy about the whole incident
as the object they had seen was "something unidentified flying over the target". He further stated that Ballard said to him, "don't you think you officers have done a pretty good job" - and authority to Ballard
to interview the witnesses and look into the incident was given.

Colonel or Major Ballard, said Sgt Rogers, was enthusiastic about the incident with Lt Rogers and Major or Captain Hendricks, and wanted any
further information or developments. He offered co operate in any way possible in continuing the investigation.

According to Sgt Rogers, it appeared that the officers at Dover were studying the matter that was of importance, and that they considered the object of importance. The indications were that the object was electrically propelled.

Capt. Mitchell reported that the object seen was about 50 feet in diameter, circular in shape and moving at a high rate of speed. Weather conditions were clear.

It was noted that the officers reporting the sighting were experienced in observation of aircraft and that they were convinced the object was strange and not an aircraft as presently known.
It was determined that LtRogers had previously been in touch with Sewcoth field regarding the incidents.