There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a typed report or memorandum from Project Blue Book regarding an alleged "flying saucer" sighting over East Africa.

FOREIGN SERVICE DISPATCH
FROM: US EMBASSY
TO: DEPARTMENT OF STATE, WASHINGTON
REF: 710.2
SUBJECT: APPEARANCE OF AN ALLEGED "FLYING SAUCER" OVER KILIMANJARO, TANGANYIKA

The Consulate reports the alleged appearance of the first "flying saucer" to be observed in East Africa which is located next to Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanganyika. The observers reportedly saw a silver disc-shaped object hovering over the Mount Kilimanjaro area. When it started to move, it accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view.

Details given by the crew and passengers describe the object as circular, about 50 feet in diameter, and traveling at an extremely high rate of speed. It was seen by several of the passengers, and they declared to have thrown objects at it in an effort to evaluate its composition. As soon as the "flying saucer" was observed, contact was made with the French Consulate in an effort to corroborate the sighting.

The saucer was seen for about 17 minutes by both the crew and passengers of the KLM aircraft which is bound for Nairobi, Kenya. The aircraft was cruising at an altitude of about 10,000 feet when the saucer was sighted. The operator is reported to have taken a picture of the object through the window, but no information concerning that photograph has been received thus far.

To make certain that there was no mistake concerning the evidence of this plane, it is reported that the incident was later discussed by the passengers and crew, and they affirmed that they had all seen the same object. It is reported that the object tilted at a 45 degree angle and then disappeared at a high rate of speed.

In view of the alleged occurrence of various "flying saucers", the Embassy would appreciate receiving any comments or additional information the Department may have concerning this incident.