The image appears to contain a typed document, likely from Project Blue Book, the official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. It describes a sighting of an object during the trajectory flight and approach of a weather balloon on October 10, 1951, approximately 16 miles east of St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin. The document states that the object was a "strange object crossing the skies" and that the balloon was at an altitude of approximately 20,000 feet at the time. The observer, a Mr. Hogland, confirmed that the sighting was not a malfunction, but rather an unusual aerial phenomenon that disappeared from view.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

12 October 1951

Flying Saucer Observation

Time: 1010, 10 October 1951
Place: 16 miles east of St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin
Observers: S. A. and John DeGrossini

We had just spotted our trajectory flight and were approaching from the north on an altitude of 20,000 ft. As we reached a height of 16,000 ft. to 18,000 ft. we sighted a strange object crossing the skies at about 2,000 ft. below. It was a bright day and the object stood out brilliantly. I estimated that our balloon was at approximately 20,000 ft. at the time.

Using our binoculars, we clearly observed the object for a close examination. It was elliptical and about 4 to 5 miles in diameter. The object was glittering and about 8 miles N.E. of the balloon. The object had a peculiar wave-like motion, descending and seemed to move out behind our balloon. It appeared to be moving very rapidly and was on the scene about 1 or 2 minutes when it suddenly made an abrupt turn and disappeared.

I and I observed this object for approximately two minutes and it gave the impression of a stationary object rather than a material object. It moved in such a manner that it could not have been a conventional aircraft, or celestial star.

Signed:
S. A. Hogland

Confirmation of the above sighting is not possible as Mr. ___________ is temporarily at Alexandria, N.M. on a research project for General Mills.