The image contains a typed document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be an old UFO report. There is no photograph present in this image.

The text of the document is as follows:

"PAGE THREE. 
It Civilians saying that it was probably civilians to photograph the map. The photographs had such a clear picture of people in front of this map, and a picture was taken. Second picture was taken of Lt.Lt * * * in front of Captain (my office) as a table with the men. The unknown captain did not wish to have his name used, but consented to appear. Lt. left Mitchell for Dover that evening.

On 11-12 Sept 1951, exact date indeterminable at this moment. 
RAEAF called Lt. at Dover regarding information pertaining to inform him to Dover. He was sorry not to be able to discuss the matter with them but that he passed them to USFI for clear action. Lt. Payne later reported that he thought he distinguished wire-tap beeps, and that he received clearance, but offered to check on possibility of obtaining additional tapes. He called ZANY, who called USAF, and the ass was rather friendly in his reference, although the advice was forthcoming. 
Later, a Lt. East at Dover received a call in operations from someone who said he was not there.
On 17 SEPT, READY ordered Maj and Lt to NewBURGH. About 20 September, 1950, Robert Johnson of Republic Aviation called and made appointment for to discuss the incident they had reported. Maj said that he was happy than he couldn't discuss one further, for him that the incident never happened.

About 20 September, 1950, READY called ZANY, and EADY advised the Dover base CO, and EADY stated that Robert Johnson's questions were unauthorized to discuss the incident with Lt. and Maj. This discussion proceeded further. Shapes, altitudes, and headings she made during sighting. The color was reddish orange, and she felt as if the radar sets picked up what she saw, but her set showed nothing. She stated weather control had made the observations, and that Brewster was studying the matter, that USAF and USRRI had questioned him, and the Brewster thought the objects were electrically propelled. Brewster cited information that he had received similar reports previously, some of which he thought the objects were electrically propelled.
Brewster cited incidents made of Lt. or Major concerning possible landing of Sept 1951.

4. It is perhaps worth mentioning that the additional information received is that the officers have expressly requested there be no publication of names of persons questioning, except that only quotations to Sawworth have been published. His speed is quoted."