There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED 

DETAILS (Cont'd)

5. On 21 May 1952, Mrs. ______ of 1315 Downing Street, Gonzales, Texas, reported to officials a strange aerial phenomenon she had seen near Gonzales, Texas, approximately in October 1951. The object had been sighted while she and her husband were working in a field and was described as round, flat, and white in appearance. As they watched, the object suddenly rose up and disappeared at a high rate of speed. At the summit of a small hill the object appeared straight ahead and at first appeared to be a low flying aircraft. As the object approached closer it appeared larger and larger until it suddenly disappeared. There was no noise or trail and it was moving as if there was some means of power propelling it. She further stated that if it was a solid material or note, she wondered if she had laid eyes alone on that which could have startled and frightened those who would have seen it and after they discussed what they saw, they decided it could have been a "flying saucer".

Q. Date of observation?
A. Approximately eight (8) months ago.

Q. Exact time of observation (local)?
A. Year (52) - five (5) PM.

Q. Place of observation?
A. Approximately one (1) mile north of Gonzales on Highway # 3.

Q. Position of observer (i.e. car, building, location of - give details)?
A. Driving automobile south on highway.  

Q. What attracted attention to object?
A. Looked up when came over hill and it was right in front.

Q. Number of object and sketch of formation or grouping?
A. One.

Q. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist at arm's length)?
A. Round, about two (2) yards in diameter.

Q. Color of object? 
A. Center looked white, or creamy - was about two (2) feet in diameter. Outer ring was a darker grayish white.

Q. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object)?
A. Outer ring was round, unable to determine depth. Inner ring looked like smoke.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED