There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Meeting with Texas Technical College Professors

On the evening of 8 November 1951, Lt Ruppelt and Capt Parker met with four professors of the Texas Technical College to discuss the aerial phenomena they observed over a period of time from 25 August 1951 until about 15 Oct 1951. 

Those present were:
a. [REDACTED], Ph.D. in Geology, but also well versed in all fields of science. The meeting was at his home.
b. [REDACTED], Ph.D., Professor of Chemical Engineering
c. [REDACTED], Ph.D. in Physics, presently head of the Texas Tech. Seismograph Station and has previously spent several years at the University of Alaska studying the aurora. 
d. Prof. [REDACTED], Head of the Petroleum Engineering Department.

On the evening of 25 August 1951, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] were sitting in Dr. [REDACTED]'s yard discussing a project on micro-meteorites that [REDACTED] is conducting at Texas Tech. They were counting meteors when the first object passed over the yard. They stated they were surprised at the sight and began discussing it. They agreed that if another object came over they would attempt to find out some of its characteristics and about an hour later one did come over, one man listened while the other two timed it. This object, and the first one, was a semi-circle, about 160째 arc, of lights. There was no discernable noise and the angular velocity was very close to 30째 per second. The direction was about N to S, and they passed 15째-20째 west of the Zenith. The men could not agree on the color except that it was reddish to white. It varied in intensity and was somewhat larger in area than a star. All men agreed it appeared to have its own light source. Since 25 August 1951, these men and several others have seen more flights, approximately twelve. They all were of the same general characteristics.