There does not appear to be a photograph present in this document. The image shows text from what seems to be a report or document related to a UFO sighting.

advised that he should put all sets into watch in the search in order to
watch for unidentified flying objects. In order to do this, he had another
instructor point out directly to his students and advise them that they should
search at once for unidentified flying objects. Pvt Mason and the other two men
were among the students who were notified. Another instructor went directly to Cpl
SAz just before it was put on the air. It had previously been warned by that morning.
Almost at once Pvt Mason and his crew announced to Mr. Meyer that they had a
target high speed and strong. Mr. Meyer investigated and observed the target
himself on the scope, noticed the azimuth and went directly to set 217 searched
in the proper azimuth for the same target and soon succeeded in finding it.
Indication of a target of greater than B-29 size generally of the B-29 size
interrupted distinguished from a B-36 size aircraft. Mr. Meyer had personally
trained on several occasions and could distinguish, he said, from a balloon
stating that it was definitely not a balloon he had in the scope. Target
first appeared at 00 azimuth and varied 250 to 50 in azimuth. During turns
the pip would diminish in the manner which was characteristic of jet aircraft
at that range. He put the scope on tracking because they would keep the
target in aided tracking by assisting the operation by applying torque to
the hand wheel. G-2 Counterintelligence whose age is 31, is at least a B reliability.
He is cleared for Secret, however, other weather information showed existence of
fronts lying out from fort Monmouth in such a manner with the radar lead
jactrag downwards would give signals somewhat like the type observed. It is
not an evaluation. There is not sufficient data from which to make an evaluation. 
Only the indications are given here. Very little sensible information could be