There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Major w. g. coleman
Dec. 21, 1951
There were probably some other witnesses to the flight of this strange object, but I never heard anyone else describe or confirm what I saw.
I was puzzled by the actions of the object and stopped to watch it. The reason I am sure I saw it is because I was sitting in my car, and it flew just over the trees where I live. The reason I am sure I saw it is because I was sitting in my car, and it flew just over the trees where I live. The reason I say it is because he saw it that way, on his chain and looked at it once, but at this point I would not think anything about it.
If I only could have had a motion picture of it, then at least there would be some record of what I saw. I have a very vivid memory of what the end looked like. Perhaps something in the future I can write a report about it.
The object was shaped like two saucers, 25 or 26 inches in diameter, and there was a black band or object like a band around the middle. It seemed to have an area on the bottom that glowed a bluish color, like a bluish white light. These lights flashed on in lines or force and then went out, rotated 90 degrees to the lines of force to cause it to move perpendicular to these lines is not the system which was used. It seemed to me.
I think the operators of the ship had developed a system whereby the ship could be made to oppose gravity in varying degrees so it could maintain attitude at definite levels. When this was taken care of it's horizontal motion was accomplished in a different manner. It could be that the revolving ring at center of the ship served a dual purpose to keep the metal plates not too hot and at a set positive potential and also to create a heavy magnetic field around ship. There might have been another revolving ring which I did not see but which could have been revolving in an opposite direction and if the first ring were suddenly stopped to release the magnetic field then it follows that the ship could have. CONT. PAGE 12