There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book document.

The text in the document is as follows:

"WHO identification or marking could be seen and this aircraft had no colored lights or any kind that could be seen. The aircraft was in my sight about 5 minutes.

This is a true description of the aircraft as I observed and remember it.

The original of the above statement is on file at Headquarters, 17th District Office, and is available upon request by proper authority.

26 August, 1951
Albuquerque, N. Mex.

"On the night of 25 August, 1951, at my home at 2129 hours I observed for about 30 seconds an unidentified aircraft traveling from NNW to SSE at an altitude of 250 miles per hour. The size of speed of the aircraft was difficult to judge.

"The aircraft was low enough for the moon and car lights of Cent Central Avenue to be reflected from it. The altitude of the aircraft was difficult to judge.

"The size of the aircraft was a currently 1 1/2 to 2 times of that of a B-36.

"The type of the aircraft was that of one with wings swept back 150 or more degrees. The wing was variable. The wing did not appear to be tapered as the outer ends of each of the wings were at least 6 and probably 8 feet thick. There were lights between the wings but it was difficult to count them as they were crowded in two's with a larger distance between the pairs. The lights between each pair of lights were visible. As the object moved further south the lights were not visible.

"This phenomenon has a trail to the rear of the aircraft near the wing tips which resembles the trail of a skyrocket. The trail behind the aircraft reflected the light whereas the areas between the lights did not reflect light well.

"The most outstanding feature of this observation was the fact that there was no audible sound from the aircraft while in my observation.

"The above statement is true to the best of my ability to describe this incident."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS: 
DOD DIR 5200.10