The image contains a newspaper clipping that appears to be from a Project Blue Book UFO report. It describes an incident in Sioux City, Iowa, where two pilots observed a strange aircraft in the sky. The newspaper article includes details about the size, shape, and movement of the aircraft, as well as the reactions of the pilots who encountered it. However, there are no photographs or images contained within this particular document page.

TEXT TRANSCRIPT FROM IMAGE:

Sight Strange Aircraft Over Sioux City; It Does Tricks New to Pilots
Airline Flier Describes Amazing Performance By Huge Ship

Kansas City, Jan. 27. - (AP)- A veteran airline pilot Sunday night told of sighting a strange aircraft at Sioux City, Iowa, that did something "you just can't do with airplanes today."

Larry W. Vinther, of Kansas City, Mo., said the incident occured over Sioux City. He said the pilot who has been flying airlines for 23 years and has never seen anything like it before.

Vinther said the incident occurred while he was flying a transport plane west of Sioux City. He said he and the co-pilot suddenly sighted the strange craft in the air.

He described the strange aircraft as being as large or half again as large as a B-29 bomber. He said it had a long, slender fuselage, long wings and was traveling "very fast" and higher than his own plane.

The mystery plane was observed by Vinther's First Officer, James V. Bachman, and also by the co-pilot of another airliner which was following just behind Vinther's plane. 

Vinther said the strange aircraft was first sighted just off the side of Sioux City. It then circled the town and then zoomed straight up into the sky, making a 90 degree turn, and then zoomed straight down again. 

"There were no engine noises," Vinther said. He said the wings were straight, not swept back like on the B-29 and other jets. "There were no jet pipes visible," he said.

Vinther said the craft was seen by his copilot, James V. Bachman, of Kansas City, and one of the 18 passengers aboard.

"As it was getting lower, clear-ing for take-off from the Sioux City field, it suddenly zoomed straight up at terrific speed - about 25,000 feet I'd say," Vinther said, "the tower asked us to check on the strange light in the sky." 

Vinther said when they looked again, the plane had disappeared. "We saw the plane had some sort of fuselage light in addition to the ordinary lights. The plane made all kinds of maneuvers that would be utterly impossible for any known plane," Vinther declared.

"It was able to make turns and stop and start that you just can't do with airplanes today. It maneuvered in a way that left us absolutely bewildered. We were in consultation with the control tower and the other plane and no one could understand what it was."

Vinther said his DC-3 was doing 150 miles an hour and the other craft was going faster than that in the opposite direction. "It had just turned my head when there he was again, flying straight toward us about 200 feet to our left, going in the same direction we were."

UNCLASSIFIED