The image contains a photograph or illustration that appears to be a diagram or sketch related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The diagram shows various symbols and markings, but does not contain any identifiable human faces or names.

The text in the document is as follows:

"UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
(Classification)
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

W* (XXXXX) 13336 FIW
ALC PAUL I. BENDER

(1) At 2130Z on 12 December 1951, Capt. Donald K. Clayton, observed an unidentified object five (5) miles southeast of Hastings, Minnesota. Capt. Clayton was cruising at 9,000 feet when the object was first sighted and it remained within his vision for about eighteen (18) seconds.

(2) When the object was first seen it appeared to resemble a kite, but the pilot assumed a kite would not normally be at this altitude. When the second observation was made a few seconds later, the object appeared to be glowing and moving in a horizontal plane at what the pilot estimated to be 24 in diameter. The object then appeared to turn and move in a vertical direction, appearing to be white or silver. The object gave an illusion of spinning, which was at this stage attributed by Capt. Clayton to slight diffusion.

(3) At point No (1), the pilot first observed the object, he saw it leave its position which it was maintaining and begin to turn to the left and descended. The pilot then lost sight of it and upon watching further, the object again appeared and began to ascend and disappeared. The pilot's observation showed the object to be maneuverable and changing in speed, but maintaining level flight.

(4) The pilot estimated the distance to be approximately 1/2 mile and the speed to be approximately 450 to 500 mph. At point (2) the object appeared to be 24 in diameter and at point (3) it was estimated to be approximately 10 to 12 inches in diameter.

NOTE: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794, the transmission or revelation of which in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law."