The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The text describes an interview with Mr. Jay Harris, the Managing Editor of the Lubbock Morning Avalanche newspaper, regarding an incident where a professor at Texas Tech College reported seeing an aerial phenomenon on September 25, 1951.

Here is the text as extracted by the OCR system:

4. Mr. Jay Harris, Managing Editor of the Lubbock Morning Avalanche and William Hams, Photographer

Mr. Bessent of the RAAF Detachment and Lt Ruppelt interviewed the Managing Editor of the Lubbock Morning Avalanche, Mr. Harris, on the evening of 7 November 1951

Mr. Harris gave the following information before the interrogation began:

On the evening of 25 September 1951, he was at the news desk of the paper when a Prof. called him on the phone and reported he had just seen an aerial phenomena that would be worth a story. He continued to tell about the "string of beads" that he and two other college professors had seen in the sky. Harris at first was not interested, then said he felt it was important and that by running the story they might be able to contact others who had seen the phenomena. Harris said o.k. if he could use the professors' names. said he wasn't sure about this and ended the conversation.

A few minutes later he called again and said that it would be o.k. to use his name and the names of Profs. and who were with him at the time and also saw it. It would first, however, have to be o.k.'d by the college public relations people. This was done and the story was printed on 26 August 1951.

No further reports came in until a few days later. 

On 31 August 1951, a photographer who does work for the paper and is highly regarded by Mr. called and said a young man (Mr. had just developed some negatives in his studio and he thought the paper might be interested in them. They advised to bring them over which he did. Mr. and his head photographer, Mr. looked them over and were dubious.