There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing observations and investigations related to an unidentified flying object.

the same nature as tne first except there was no regu arrangement or formation. Others who have seen the objects well in the presence of the original three men are:
a. , Ph.D. in Geology.
b. , Mathematics Professor.
c. Studying for Ph.D.
Dr. Astronomer from Texas Tech, has not observed the phenomena
but has been present at all the investigations.
Several characteristics of the object have been noticed by the observers.
The lights always appear at about 50째 in the S or SW. They never gradually come into
view or gradually disappear. Its "span angle" from the ground was about 7째-8째.
They follow a rough schedule beginning about 2120 and appearing every hour and 10 min
utes until three flights pass overhead. The sequence is attempted to determine
whether or not there is any form between the lights by trying to observe stars
between the lights. They have been unsuccessfully however, due to the great
speed of the object. Once they thought they observed stars between the objects
but could not be sure.
The group is confident of the angular velocityof the object of 30째/second
from measurements of several flights. Stop watches and protractors were used to
measure time and angles. Several attempts have been made to measure the altitude.
On only one occasion has there been any clouds and these were widely scattered,
The objects appear but did not pass close enough to a cloud to obtain a
relative altitude.
Several other attempts to determine the altitude were made by using triangulation from a measured base line. On the first occasion an eleven mile base
line was used with home-made angle
measuring devices set up at each end of the base. Radios were used for
communication from one end of the base line to the other. Another night a
shorter baseline was used. On the first night, neither party observed the