The image does not contain any photograph. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

CONFIDENTIAL
(Classification)
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

From (Agency): 
Office of Special Investigations 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base

Report No.: 
203

Page: 
2 of 3

Pages

SIGHTING OF FLYING OBJECTS (Cont'd)

This is an additional report to my story of 7 October 1951 concerning the sighting of flying objects. I pointed it out to make the following observations:

The objects were traveling at a very high altitude. We tried to estimate the speed, but we were unable to do so. The objects appeared to be reflecting sunlight or some source of light as they passed over, and at very high altitude. We tried several times to estimate the speed, but the speed was constant and at such a high altitude we were unable to estimate the speed accurately.

The object was peculiar in the fact that we could not describe it as a "thing", it was simply a reflection of sunlight or some source of light. The reflection looked like a flattened tennis ball and started to curl up and flatten out again as it passed overhead. It appeared to be above the clouds, maybe 40,000 to 50,000 feet. We followed this for around two to three minutes, sometimes at intervals of two to three seconds, and at other times for as long as a minute with the naked eye. 

I don't know how to describe its size, because it appeared to be larger than what I have ever witnessed and it looked much bigger than any aircraft we know of.
Shortly after this we saw another one, about two hours later, but this one didn't last as long and neither did the next one we saw. This is the best I can describe without leaving any doubt of what we saw.

We were all very positive on the following major points:

1. Object though visually definite shape or form, was more a reflection of light.
2. No visible trails, flares, exhaust or jet propulsion as we know it.
3. No sound was heard.  
4. Extremely high speed and altitude.
5. Constant speed and direction.

NOTE: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Act, 50 U.S.C. - 31 and 32, as amended. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

UNCLASSIFIED