The image does not contain any photographs. The text of the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED 
AIR MAIL

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
District Office No. 23 - Carswell Air Force Base
Fort Worth, Texas

24-0 SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT 7 September 1951

SUBJECT: Unidentified Objects in Flight over Lubbock, Texas

TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

1. SYNOPSIS: Mysterious objects appearing to be "strings of beads" traveling at high speeds have allegedly been observed over Lubbock, Texas since 25 August 1951. These objects were reportedly observed by three faculty members of the Texas Technological College, Lubbock, Texas on 25 August 1951. The reports of these objects concerning their shape, altitude, speed and time of observation were checked with the three college professors who made the original observations. The observations by the three college professors were later vouched for by one Dr. A *** of Lubbock, Texas who is alleged to have taken photographs of the objects on 1 and 2 September 1951. At Matador, Texas, on 31 August 1951, a brilliant, fast-moving object passed within 150 feet of the automobile of three persons and disappeared.

2. DETAILS: Numerous reports have been received by news sources at Lubbock, Texas and vicinity since 25 August 1951. First observation of such objects was reportedly made by three faculty members of the Texas Technological College, Lubbock, Texas. These professors were:
a. Dr. A *** - Professor of Geology
b. Dr. W *** - Professor of Physics
c. Mr. J *** - Professor of Mathematics
These individuals stated that on several evenings between 8:30 and 10:30 they observed groups of bright objects moving across the sky. They stated that the objects appeared to be flying from the northeast to the southwest. These objects were described as appearing to be "strings of beads" and were stated to be traveling at a very high rate of speed, much faster than any conventional aircraft. These professor's observations were then checked with Professor R *** of the Physics Department of the same college. He verified that their observations were correct.

UNCLASSIFIED