There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

LUBBOCK, TEXAS
25 August 1951

On the evenings of 25 August 1951, 31 August 1951, and 1 September 1951, flights of what were described as disc-shaped objects in the sky were observed. There were several flights per evening. The description of the objects varied to some extent, but it is generally described that 16 to 25 "objects" of a "V" shaped set of lights.

The Air Force, with he claims of an amateur photographer, turned over photographs to the project. Disagreement among the witnesses as to the number of lights in the arrangement and whether it was a "V" or other shape is on the record. Some of the witnesses stated they heard a "whoosh."

Many witnesses reported the incident, but the most technically competent observers were professional astronomers, engineers, geologists, all of Texas Tech. In addition to being the most competent, these witnesses described the first sighting as the most awe-inspiring, and under controlled circumstances. For their initial sighting on the evening of 25 August 1951. At 2210 they happened to observe the first flight of the object, which they described as 16 to 25 globes of light maneuvering in a "V" formation, and disappearing within a few minutes. Subsequent observations the professors confirmed their estimate of the velocity by using triangulation periodically, and their estimate of the elevation by viewing the object from several locations at the same time and using trigonometry. These attempts were not considered successful.

In 1952 Dr Allen Hynek, one of the professors at Texas Tech regarding this case. This professor informed Dr Hynek that he had conducted an extensive study of the Lubbock lights and concluded that they were definitely birds.

The Air Force conclusion is that birds, with street lights reflecting from them, were the probable cause of this sighting. The velocity of 300 per second seems rather high for birds during migratory flights (approximately 60 MPH at 163 MPH). In all instances the witnesses were located in an area where their eyes were probably dark adapted, indicating movements of the objects brighter.

Mr B.S.B, when taking his pictures, had to do so by "panning" his camera (swinging with the objects to motion) Panning of this type is further indication that the angular velocity of these objects was so high as to make successful photography difficult.

The kind of birds responsible for this sighting is not known, but it is highly probable that they were several species common to this locale - i.e., ducks, geese or other birds migrating in large numbers of more than six or seven. The fact that this was late summer and that the objects consistently flew to the south tends to substantiate the conclusion that the objects of this sighting were migratory birds.