There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. Based on the OCR analysis, the text contained in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED 

1. Investigation was initiated by the District Commander, District 20, ANT[REDACTED], upon receipt of information from the 51st Fighter-Interceptor Wing, Ladd AFB, Alaska, that a strange light had been observed by several officers of the 57th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron at approximately 1930 hours on 25 February 1951.

2. [REDACTED], Operations Officer, 57th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, stated that at approximately 1930 hours on 25 February 1951, the duty officer observed an unidentified light at 16,000 feet over the field. He observed it for approximately 15 minutes, at which time it disappeared. The light was first observed as a stationary light, probably a raven, which flared up at periodic intervals. Shortly after it was first observed, it began to move at a high rate of speed, leveling off at an altitude of approximately 16,000 feet. It continued at this altitude, moving in various directions, occasionally stopping and then moving again, for a period of approximately 15 minutes. When it disappeared, it did so quite suddenly. The light was observed by several officers in the 57th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron control tower, all of whom stated that there was not sufficient light to be a meteor, and that the observed light was not consistent with any known type of aircraft. It was stated that there was not sufficient light to determine any structural details. The light appeared to be self-luminous, emitting its own light rather than reflecting light. It was reported that when the light disappeared, it did so quite suddenly, without any trail or smoke being observed. It was further stated that the light moved in a manner unlike any conventional aircraft. This sighting was not reported to the Security Officer or the Base Commander at the time.

3. According to the G-2 DAILY SUMMARY, Ladd AFB, there was no reported sighting on 25 February 1951 between 1252 and 1757.

UNCLASSIFIED