The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified flying object. The sketch shows the object's side profile, with a tapered, pointed shape and a dotted line along the bottom indicating a potential landing gear or appendage. The text accompanying the sketch describes the object as flying at an angle of 45 degrees prior to passing overhead, and that the object was traveling at a very high speed, estimated to be around 10,000 feet in height. The text also mentions that the object's dimensions are approximately 80 feet in length and 40 feet in width, and that it was flying in a formation similar to other unidentified objects observed.

UNCLASSIFIED
COPY
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT
Observer: Mr. **********, TOOWOOMBA.
On interviewing Mr. COOPER, the following information was gained:
As 8:00 hours on the 1st February 1951, while at his home at "Woodlands Station", 20 miles south-west of the town of CONDAMINE, he had occasion to stop his tractor while doing repairs to a broken link. After doing this, he heard a high-pitched whining noise as though a willy-willy was approaching through the timber close by.
On looking up the witness sighted eight or nine circular shaped objects at a high altitude. These objects passed over him in a triangular formation and appeared to be travelling at a very high speed.
Dotted line on tail could have been the ripper. He is not quite sure.
Flying at an angle of 45 degrees prior to passing overhead. On sighting the objects he was out in the open and could take accurate observation. The objects were in sight only for a very short period of time as they were travelling at a very high speed.
It is estimated that they were travelling at a height of about 10,000 feet and the sun was shining on them and they had a highly polished appearance. We have the estimate that they were travelling at a height of about 10,000 feet and the sun was shining on them and they had a highly polished appearance. We have the same estimate that their length was 80 feet and the width approximately 40 feet. The thickness of their width dimension is not too clear, but it appears to have been in proportion to the lengths and widths quoted above. Because of their high speed and high altitude, the observers estimate that their dimensions are very approximate, subject to any errors he may have made in his observations.

The aircraft were flying in a formation similar to this.
and appeared to maintain a constant speed and height for the brief period of his sighting. After the sighting, the witness had requested to asked his wife. He did now know them, and COPY.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS. DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.