The shared image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document. The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
(Classification)

Response to dispatch No. 282
American Consulate, Durban, South Africa. February 26, 1951.

COPY

2082-00 SHAPE IN SKY

Captain Francis Williamson stated that he saw a torpedo-shaped object hovering over Durban at about 4:00 p.m. on February 24, 1951. The object was observed for approximately two minutes. It was moving very slowly from South to North and was described as silver in color. Captain Williamson stated that he called the Daily News and they sent a photographer, who also observed the object. According to Captain Williamson, several other persons on Potar Road and Winter Street also observed the object as it moved slowly overhead towards the North. I called my companion's attention to the object and we watched it for about two minutes. It was beautifully colored, the colors seeming to change from silver to gold and back again as the sun's rays struck it. There was no noise and no trail. I could say and although I have had numerous reports of phenomena in the sky, I have never before seen anything to compare with this. It was travelling parallel to the ground and not up and down as a shooting star. 
The reason I'm writing this report is that I regard the phenomenon as highly important and worthy of the closest investigation. I called my companion's attention to the object and we watched it for about two minutes. It was beautifully colored, the colors seeming to change from silver to gold and back again as the sun's rays struck it. There was no noise and no trail.  I was by far the greatest thing I have ever seen in the sky and I was astonished at the speed with which it traveled, considering the size. It seemed to me to be about the size of a small jet aircraft and I thought at first it was one, until the speed and manner of flight convinced me it was not.

Natal Daily News, February 21, 1951.