The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a classified document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

UNCLASSIFIED
MARCH AIR FORCE BASE - 23 SEPTEMBER 1951

I. DISCUSSION OF INCIDENT
The first report of this incident, which appeared in Status Report No. 1, proved to be incomplete and misleading. Further investigation has corrected the discrepancies and the following account of the incident is considered to be accurate:

At approximately 0700 PST, two F-86 aircraft were scrambled from George Air Force Base, California, on a routine training flight. The flight was vectored to the position of the UFO by the GCI (Ground Control Intercept) controller. The pilots reported to GCI that they observed an unidentified object high at 12,000 feet. The object could not be acquired on radar. The pilots made three attempts to make visual contact with the object but were unable to do so. The object was described as being in a left orbit at about 4,000 ft. The object could not be engaged.

At approximately 0800 PST, four additional F-86 aircraft were scrambled from March Air Force Base to continue the search. The object was now observed to be flying at approximately 11,000 ft, and was moving at a speed estimated to be between 600-700 knots. The flight leader was able to close to within 6,000 yards of the object, but reported that he could only see it intermittently due to the high background noise level. The flight leader reported the color of the object as silver and bright in appearance.

The second element of the flight, noted as Flight AI, on the aircraft, observed the object soon after take-off, but were unable to make visual contact. The object was described as being round in shape, with what appeared to be protrusions on the sides. Bright exhaust trails or light beams were observed to break off the attempted intercept and return to their base. This flight, too, was unable to engage the object.

No more intercepts were attempted. At no time was the object observed on the radar screen nor was it reported to be observed visually from the ground.

UNCLASSIFIED