There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. 

UNCLASSIFIED
REGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS: 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 15 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

APPENDIX II  
ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO - 25 AUGUST 1951

I. DISCUSSION OF INCIDENT
On the evening of 25 August 1951, at 2158 LST, a Sandia Base security guard and his wife observed a bright red light over the backyard of their home on the Western fly-in bomber (B-36) was over the backyard of their quarter. They judged the size of the aircraft to be about one and one half times the wing span of a B-36, with which they were familiar. The object was silhouetted for the altitude was thought to be about 300 - 1000 ft., and there was no sound that could be heard. As the object moved away, two reddish glowing spots appeared which were thought to be the exhaust of the object. As it moved away, it appeared to give off two pulsing groups of reddish lights were noticed on the trailing edge of the wing. The speed was judged to be about 500 - 600 mph and the object was visible for about 300 - 400 sph and the object was visible for about 300 - 400 mph.

II. WEATHER
Broken clouds at 17,000 ft., visibility five miles, wind 5 at 2 mph.

III. STATUS OF INVESTIGATION
The possibility of this being a known aircraft was checked with negative results. The AC and I.D. Radar Station at Kirkland did not observe any unusual or unidentified aircraft.

The analyst's recommendation was checked and it was found that he apparently is mentally stable.

An investigation was made to determine whether or not any one else had seen the object, but no positive results were obtained.

The photographs referred to in Appendix I were sent to the OAI at Kirkland AFB. These photos were shown to the source and it was stated that the photos resembled the exhaust or light pattern of the object. A sketch, drawn by the observer, is shown in this appendix.

CONCLUSIONS
The investigation will be continued until the authenticity of the photo in Appendix I can be determined.