The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document discussing an "Evaluation of Madagascar Possibility".

OCR Text Output:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: Evaluation of Madagascar Possibility

1. Statesman's Yearbook, 1950, cites an increase in imports which is not reflected in exports between the years 1947 and 1948 as follows:

1947    1948
Imports  147.6   249.46
Exports  138.0   140.27

Same source indicates that industry is largely of a light or domestic nature; i.e., manufacture of straw hats, beer canning and salting. The bulk of the exports comprise raw materials and the imports for the large part comprise heavy machinery, automobiles, and domestic goods. It is to be noted that the trend of imports vs. exports is not in equilibrium, which would support some manufacturing activity other than that which is acknowledged by Statesman's Yearbook, and that the increment of 100,000 tons occurred at that time.

2. Communication facilities on the island have been increased almost 10 fold in the last 8 years period to nearly 16,000 miles of roads. The railroads have not largely been increased inasmuch as the terrain is mountainous and hence unfamiliar. Telephone and telegraph facilities are now extremely good. Considering that the population is still for the most part aboriginal in character.

3. It is also to be noted that the French accomplished an extensive political revisions in Madagascar in 1946, where included several Antincasties and several islands to this possession, admitted representatives to the French assembly and caused a rearrangement so that the French military chiefs actually function as vice-governors.

4. Selection of a site on the West coast is at most necessary for the requirements of a manufacturing site, in that the East coast is subject to inundation of a tropical nature, and is associated with unhealthful low berths so that the European population finds itself best adapted to the West coast.

Indications a site on the West coast which seems to be about 10 miles East of the airport, Tulsans on at least 16 Holts should supplement that along the river on which Tulear is situated was omitted from their Atlas. This brings to mind a practice during WW II of omitting certain island bases from the maps. Only low possibility is believed to exist along these lines of reasoning.

The population of Madagascar is on the order of 4,000,000, with a density of 16 per square mile, in comparison with an extremely meager population density relative to natural resources. Recently, there has been established a technical college in Tananarive. The native talent has for centuries been demonstrated in complex metalworking, with reports of intricate chains in silver, and has elaborate works in brass and copper as have over been accomplished in Europe. It is considered further that there is a possibility to utilize native manpower for manufacturing purposes.

UNCLASSIFIED