The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an unclassified Air Intelligence Information Report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

ATIL Office, DTF PPAP 

1. Study report 1 prepared by Mr. Antom, USAF Technical Representative: 

SUBJECT: 

The undersigned does not agree with the theory outlined in paragraph 3. The theory that the target was probably a natural object is not considered valid for the following reasons:

a. The almost constant velocity of the object, as described by the radar operators, and as indicated from inspection of the graphic plot in the records.

b. The shift of target motion from 263 degrees to 255 degrees, an approximately 90 degree change of heading, within a second period.

c. The shift of signal aspect with a change of target direction.

d. The lack of target fluctuation.

Although the target was closer to the other sites, it was detected by electronics systems, and its motions were plotted by these means. While it is certainly possible for a natural object to maintain a state of constant velocity, as indicated in paragraph 3, it is not considered that an object subject to natural forces would satisfy the conditions outlined in both paragraph 3 and paragraph 4. Initial momentum.
Air resistance.
Gravity.

It is not considered that a radical shift of heading could be caused by interaction of the above forces, since (a) and (b) are dynamically on-based, and (c) would not affect the handling of the aircraft.

In view of the above, it must be concluded that the target in question was not of natural origin. This conclusion is supported by observations made during the sightings. Substantiation of this theory: An elaboration of these points follows:

Paragraph 3.c. above. This phenomenon is not in agreement with normal acceleration patterns of natural objects. The dynamics of motion of a natural object, such as a meteor or a balloon, are normally independent of target heading. However, a change of target direction, as noted, is a characteristic of guided or controlled flight.

Paragraph 3.d. above. Normal target fluctuations, as mentioned, would be expected from a natural object because of atmospheric influences, such as wind shear, turbulence, etc. The lack of such fluctuations suggests a stabilized plat form or controlled flight.

In conclusion, the observers of the target, which was detected and its motions recorded electronically, have provided data which indicates the object was not of natural origin, but was a controlled vehicle of unknown identity. Such a conclusion is based on the criteria enumerated in paragraphs 3 and 4, which would tend to eliminate natural explanations and point to a controlled, intelligently guided object.