[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

[handwritten: CLASSIFIED MATERIAL
BY AUTHORITY OF:
A.I. 2351-L
25 Jan 51]

DEPARTMENT OF 549
5240 FIGHTER ALL-WEATHER GROUP
Knoxville-Union Airport
Box 77, Alcoa, Tennessee

25 January 1951

SUBJECT: Report on Indicated airborne target over Oak Ridge Area.

TO : Knoxville CAF Detachment
P. O. Box 431
Knoxville, Tenn

On 21 January 1951 at 1520 o'clock while on a practice flight of two F-82 aircraft the radar operator of aircraft 45-472, [redacted], observed the indication of an airborne target in the area of the guards. He notified the pilot, [redacted], of same who notified CAF. CAF gave the go ahead to investigate area. The pilot in flight lead, and on radio contact with his wingman, the information on the "0" scan (elevation) indicated the target was varying altitude between ten and twenty-five degrees above the horizon—sighting altitude which was 7,500 feet. At a range of approximately yards the indication at elevation began to descend until the limit of depression of the antenna was reached. At this point the wingman followed into a one o'clock altitude and the target was sighting up and initiated the CAD area plant of Oak Ridge. The intercepting aircraft then broke off the intercept and returned to Knoxville Air Base in a "Hurry" for the other aircraft. A short run was made in the area the "target" was again indicated and a second run made on same. At the completion of the flying period the radar observer reported again run over the area to again pick up the same type indication. The pilot started the run from approximately 30 miles and again at 17.5 miles the indication was received and locked on to. This time the run was completed to the limit of the antenna depression and then broken off because the line of flight again was cornered the Oak Ridge Plant. This phenomenon was duly reported to CAF and GSI.

5/ [redacted]

t/ [redacted]

CERTIFIED TRUE COPY:

[signature]
Knoxville, Tennessee

[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,
DOD DIR 5200.10