The image does not contain any photographs. This appears to be a text-only document describing an aerial sighting of an unidentified object.

Text transcription:

HEADQUARTERS
AIR RESCUE SERVICE UNCLASSIFIED
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

SUBJECT: Aerial Sighting of Unidentified Object

TO: Capt. B. L. Berkow
Director of Intelligence
Headquarters Command
Bolling Air Force Base
Washington, D. C.

1. On Monday, 10 September 1951, I departed Andrews AFB at 1830 hours in C-47A 45-918, accompanied by Capt. ______ Headquarters, Air Resupply & Communications Service, who was serving as co-pilot.

2. Flight plan was four (4) hour local for the purpose of accomplishing 60-2 requirements.

3. During the period the weather in the Washington, Baltimore, Quantico area was ceiling unlimited; visibility 15 plus, with bright moonlight.

4. At 2200 hours, while proceeding from Baltimore toward the Andrews Range at an altitude of 5500 feet, my attention was drawn to a streak of light approaching from the right and proceeding on an angular course across my flight path. The track made good for the bright streak was SE to NW. I remained in sight for approximately 5 to 10 seconds at what appeared to be the same altitude at which I was flying, during which period Capt. ______ and I discussed the object. When last seen the light was proceeding on a slightly northerly track and while at first glance it appeared to be on the declining half of a trajectory, a l/10 cloud coverage at that time made determination almost impossible. I estimate that the object had descended to the ground.

5. When first seen, the object appeared as a streak of blue flame approximately 100 feet in length with the color of the flame changing to white at the end. It was unable to determine the object preceding the flame which appeared to consume it. An illumination from the object following the flame trail which the object was leaving resulted in the observer's statement that the object was flying was estimated to be about 500 miles per hour. And while the mass of the object could not be distinguished it definitely had mass and shape.

UNCLASSIFIED