The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED
10 February 1951

MEMORANDUM REPORT to Commanding Officer, Air Transport Squadron ONE
Subj: Report of Unusual Sighting on Flight 125/9 February 1951

At 0055Z on 10 February 1951, while serving as second plane Commander on above flight, I was an eye-witness to an unidentified sighting of an unidentified object. This occurrence took place at approximately 43-50 N and 50-03 W, which is approximately 300 miles east of Argentina, Newfoundland. We were at 10,500 feet at the time cruising on a true course of about 355 degrees.

At time of sighting I was occupying the right hand (co-pilots) seat; and the last hand (pilots) seat was occupied by Lieutenant G. E. BETHUNE.

My attention was first called to the occurrence by Mr. BETHUNE, who asked me to look at an unusual light which was to my right. I then saw that there was a glowing light similar to the early layer of cirrus-form clouds beneath us. This light was to my right and down at an angle of about 45°. This object appeared to be stationary and did not change its relative position to our aircraft. It seemed to be of tremendous size, and at first thought that it could be a large ship completely illuminated.

Mr. BETHUNE and I watched the object for several minutes in trying to determine its nature. We then called our Navigator, Lieutenant M. J. B. RODGER to the cockpit to scrutinize the object and render his opinion as to what it was.

While further observing the object I saw that it suddenly started ascending through cloud layers quite rapidly. The object was very large and was circular with a glowing yellow-orange ring around its outer edge. The object appeared to be rather luminous and moving at a tremendous speed, and it appeared to be one or more collision courses with our aircraft. Due to high probability of collision, I pulled the aircraft into a climbing turn to avoid the object. During the course of his events, T/Sgt A. L. JONES has come to point out on sight in a short period of time.

Due to the fact that this object was seen over water at night it would be impossible for me to estimate speed, size, or altitude. However the size would indicate that it was from 200 to 300 feet in diameter. The object was close enough to me to be no farther than one and a half to two miles away. Its speed was tremendous, as it traversed the sky in an extremely short period of time.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10