The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

UNCLASSIFIED
APPENDIX IV
MARCH AIR F.G. BASE - 22 SEPTEMBER 1952

I. DISCUSSION OF INCIDENT
The first report of this incident, which appeared in the Project Blue Book file, indicates that the discrepancies and the following account of the incident is considered to be:
At approximately 0700 PST, two F-86 aircraft were scrambled from George Air Force Base, Victorville, California, to investigate an unidentified object that had been reported overheading in the vicinity of March Air Force Base, Riverside, California. The flight reported to GCI that they observed an unidentified object which was at an altitude of approximately 50,000 feet and appeared to be in a left orbit at about 4,000 ft. The object continued to maneuver, made a left orbit and passed over the two aircraft. At one point the object appeared to be in a left orbit at about 4,000 ft. The object continued to maneuver, made a left orbit and passed over the two aircraft. At one point the object appeared to be in a left orbit at about 4,000 ft. and at another point it was observed to be at approximately 55,000 ft. The pilots stated that the object appeared to be a fuel shortage. At approximately 0820 PST, four additional F-86 aircraft were scrambled from George Air Force Base to relieve the two above-mentioned F-86's. The four aircraft were vectored to the vicinity of the object, however, the object was not observed again. It had apparently departed the area, going in a direction, according to the pilots, which appeared to be a swept-wing aircraft.
The second element of the group, which had maintained visual contact with the object throughout, reported that on the overlay, observed in flight, the object apparently increased speed, leveled off at approximately 55,000 ft. and then proceeded to dive. The F-86's, however, were unable to close the gap. It was reported that the object appeared to be round and silver.
No more intercepts were attempted. At no time was the object observed on the radar scopes nor was it reported to be definitely tracked by radar.
The F-86's, however, were definitely tracked by radar.

UNCLASSIFIED