This image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

It EDWARD J RUPPERT
USAN

Dear Sir:
In reference to your letter of Jan. 15, 1953 —REPORT ATTA— 26
Due to over-abundance of incoming mail regarding the objects I observed on the
morning of 22 December 1952, I was the coincidence of the two stars or planets
being passed in the same celestial circle in 1909 and 1952 cycles.
Not being cognizant of the fact that this phenomenon was due to occur, 
 was not impressed materially or otherwise by the object I observed. It's manu-
factures include a range of 40 to 50 feet in width, and its diameter in "circleing"
not being one to jump at illusions I gave due consideration to this
phenomena before reporting to the ATH Such was

It doubled in size and brilliancy in a period of 20 minutes, riving
me the illusion that it was in motion.  
Was not a bluish color, yellow— did not twinkle as a star,
Platinum color was probably that of a brushed basket, didn't appear to be
more than 3-10 miles distant, looked like a huge chandelier with a spot
light going on the object.

I stayed with it till day-light, and watched this object gradually
wane as the dawn approached and of course looking more and more like
a star, getting smaller and changing progressively from the yellowish
color the to bluish color.

So there is no question of the facts that it was this unusual phenom-
enon as I observed.

I can't understand why the AF didn't have bulletins out to their tower
operators on this. Had I been on duty as a control tower operator
and ignorant, I would have had every thing up that could appear a win,
and of course not the Bronx other for it.

Are you in a position to give me any technical information on these planets
much AP you could find? Information on these planets and their geo
metric so when I see them again I'll be what is going on.

Yours Truly,