There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

TEXT OUTPUT:

UNCLASSIFIED

Appendix I

LIBRSRIA, 21 MAR - 22 APRIL 1951

I. DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT:

The facts of the series of sightings related to this incident occurred the evening of 2 August 1951 at approximately 9:10 p.m. Four Texas Technical College students, in conjunction with other persons, observed a number of objects in the night sky. The objects appeared to be solid in form and to perform maneuvers in the air not attributable to known aircraft. The objects were observed for periods up to two minutes. The actions of the objects indicated a high rate of speed which, according to the viewers, appeared considerably in excess of 200 miles per hour. The objects were not determined but the viewers stated they observed a relatively high rate of speed. The pattern of flight exhibited by these objects was not usual for conventional aircraft operating according to accepted practices of the time. Although the objects were observed by four persons over a period of about three weeks, only the initial sighting on 2 August (13) in detail.

The group of men included:
a. The Head of the Department
b. Professor of [redacted], has Ph.D.
c. Professor of [redacted], has Ph.D.
d. Professor of [redacted], has Ph.D.

Besides the above four, the following have observed the incidents:
a. Professor [redacted], has Ph.D., Graduate student working on [redacted].

In addition, a Professor of Astronomy was consulted on the incident, but he did not exhibit much interest in the sighting.

The above mentioned men took a personal interest in the phenomena and undertook to make all possible measurements and observations. Attempts were made to obtain an altitude measurement by comparing the size of the objects with the size of known objects, but the results were not conclusive.

From the series of observations, the following facts were obtained:
a. The angular velocity of the objects was very nearly 30° per second.
b. There was no sound that could be attributed to the objects.
c. The flight path of the objects was from E to W in the majority of the flights, although some were from W to E.
d. On several nights there were two or three flights.

UNCLASSIFIED