The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
1. AICR SERIES, D/T RCAP
2. Later comments made by personnel who submitted the original report:
a. Maneuvering:
(1) The object apparently was flying an intercept course because: (a) It was flying at a very low rate of speed, approximately the same as the Marine Mariner plane which was flying at an indicated air speed of about 100 knots. (b) The turns were extremely sharp as it maneuvered, describing an almost circular path (approx 2500 ft). (c) The object came to an almost complete stop in mid-air, a maneuver impossible for the Marine Mariner plane. (d) Arrows advance on the object. This was the greatest advantage the Marine Mariner plane had in keeping the object under observation, which would have been very difficult for the Marine Mariner plane to do under other circumstances.
b. Radar:
(2) Radar contact was made with the object at the time of sighting and held continuously until the object disappeared. Radar confirmed the visual sighting of the object from 25,000 yards to about 8,000 yards. No reason available for the loss of the radar contact at 8 miles is that the object may have turned or descended to an altitude below the radar beam return.
c. Radar plots of the object are included as Inclosure #1 and #2.
d. Sketch made by the patrol plane commander is attached as Inclosure #3.
COMMENTS BY PREPARING OFFICER:
Visual limitations at this distance at night have precluded accurate observation and measurement. Substantial variations in reports of speed and altitude by observers further substantiate the difficulty of obtaining precise data on the object under the existing circumstances. Whether this object had any special significance is not apparent, since the intermittent sighting and maneuvering, as reported, might appear as a craft with no operational purpose, or it might represent a test or demonstration flight of a new type of aircraft, possibly a special-purpose missile.