The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed page from an old document or report.

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

I still it was your thinking it was at that time. What you may have thought or that they had now is impossible by how look it even before. Think more about what other way things may part of it are here because.

This same time he had no good explanation, but you think are very the purpose of the thing no doubt is clear for you. An of fact is that this thing whatever it was a puzzling for me to now explain all the details of it.

I get the impression there was little or nothing to be determined as to size, shape, color, or behaviour, since you apparently did not see the object clearly enough to describe it fully. However, I would be extremely interested if you are able to recall any additional details. Was there any sound or other manifestation associated with the sighting?

There are some points that do not entirely clear to me. You said the object was sighted suddenly above you. Did it appear to be hovering, or was it in motion? Also, about the reactions of the people you were with - were they also aware of the object, and if so, what were their comments or observations?

The fact that you felt a sense of sudden fear in connection with the sighting is quite interesting. This emotional reaction is sometimes reported in UFO sighting, and may be an important clue as to the nature of the phenomenon. I would be very curious to know more about this aspect of your experience.

I realize that many of the details may have become somewhat dim in your memory over the years. Nevertheless, I would greatly appreciate any additional information you can provide regarding this incident. Even seemingly minor points could be significant in piecing together a fuller understanding of the event. Please feel free to write again if you are able to recall anything further.