The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an unidentified aerial object. The report states that the object was sighted by the 12th Weather Squadron located at the Niagara Falls Airport. The object was described as larger and brighter than the arc-shaped wings and having no trail or exhaust. The report also includes statements made by Sgt. regarding their observations of the object.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

UNCLASSIFIED
136th FIGHTER INTERCEPTOR SQ.
NIAGARA FALLS MUNICIPAL AIRPORT
Niagara Falls, New York

SUBJECT: Reporting of Information of Unconventional Aircraft Sighting

TO: Commanding General, Air Material Command
Att: MCIS

1. The following is a report of W/Sgt. - as given to the Intelligence Officer of the 12th Weather Squadron located at the Niagara Falls Airport. The time of the sighting was 0205C on 7 June 1951. The description of the object was "GLOW" from this base. The distance and altitude were ascertained on the basis of the object's apparent size, but could not be definitely determined. The object appeared to be about 2-3 miles in distance and at an altitude of about 3,000 ft.

2. W/Sgt. - although not on duty at the time was leaving the building in which the Weather Station is located. Upon leaving the door out of the building, W/Sgt. - noticed the object and called the attention of the two airmen on duty to come outside also. The following is a description of the object as given by W/Sgt. -: The object appeared to be larger and brighter than the arc-shaped wings normally associated with jet aircraft. There was no trail, exhaust or propulsion of any kind noted. Movement of the object was vertical and oscillating motion was noted. Approximately 20-30 seconds the object disappeared into the overcast.

3. The following is a resume of statements by Sgt. - and FPC-: They observed the object east of the base but were not able to estimate the altitude or the distance of the sighting. The flight path appeared to be erratic and vertically, although its vertical movement was not as great proportional as its lateral movement. The object disappeared suddenly and reappeared, this sequence occurring for approximately 15 to 20 seconds. No trail or exhaust was observed.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED