There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

OCR OUTPUT:

AF FORM 112—PART II

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Location): ATIL Office, D/I 2SAF REPORT NO.: FR-27-52
DATE: 13 October 1952  PAGE NO.: 1
SUBJECT: SIGHTING OF UFO OVER YELLOW SEA
SUMMARY: On 7 October 1952 at 2300Z, AF personnel at ATIL observed a bright object in the sky. The object, saucer-shaped, was observed visually and with binoculars. The object was very large, approximately 60 feet in diameter. No exhaust or propulsion system was observed. The object accelerated rapidly and sped out of sight. No other aircraft or meteorological phenomena was observed. The entire sighting lasted approximately 3-5 minutes.

DETAILS: At 0333Z on the morning of 13 October 1952, at position 36-20N, 123-16E, the port watch officer aboard a U.S. Naval vessel reported sighting an unidentified flying object. The object was confirmed the target. All hands double-checked the sighting and agreed that the object was not a known aircraft. It was about 60 feet in diameter, circular in shape, and had no wings, fins, or tail surfaces visible. Out altitude was approximately 1,000 feet. The object appeared to be stationary at first, then accelerated with tremendous speed and disappeared from sight within a few seconds. The craft's illumination was so bright that it caused the observers to shield their eyes. The hull shape and speed of the object indicated that it was not conventional aircraft known to be in the area. The time of the sighting was approximately five minutes.

The moon was full and visibility was relatively good. I tried to silhouette the object against the moon to obtain a picture, but was unable to. Its high attitude when within good visual range was extremely "cocked up" at an angle of about twenty-five degrees, indicating a very high speed and the necessity to keep airborne at slower speeds.

DOWNGRADED TO UNCLASSIFIED 3 OCTOBER 1955DOD DIR 5200.10