The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MATADOR, TEXAS - 31 AUGUST 1951

I. DISCUSSION OF THE INCIDENT:
On 31 August 1951 at approximately 1:45 CST two civilian were driving in an automobile north of Matador, Texas. They noticed a bright light in the sky, apparently the size of a basketball, which readily reflected the sunlight. The object had a dark spot or core, which readily reflected the sunlight. The object had a dark spot or core, which appeared to be in the center of the main object. There was no sign of any exhaust and no noise was heard.

As the two individuals were driving northward, the object followed, the driver of the automobile first noticed the object about 150 yards ahead of the automobile. The object followed and both individuals observed the object until it disappeared from sight. It was drifting slowly in an eastward direction and appeared to be less than the speed they were traveling. Approximately 1-2 minutes later the object began to ascend rapidly and moved out of sight.

A background investigation showed that both witnesses were of excellent character.

This incident is of interest because it was observed during the same period as the objects over Lubbock, Texas (see Appendix I).

II. WEATHER:
A. 1:30 CST - Matador, Texas - 31 August 1951
Estimated ceiling: 6,000 ft., with thin scattered cirrus clouds, visibility 15 miles.
B. 1:30 CST - Childress, Texas - 31 August 1951
Estimated ceiling: 25,000 ft., overcast. Visibility 15 miles. Vind NE at 7 knots, temperature 88, clouds in 12 quadrants.

III. STATUS OF INVESTIGATION:
It has been reported that a road repair crew saw the same object later on the same day. Attempts will be made by project personnel to contact this crew and determine whether there were any additional reports or cross checking activity in the area, so attempts will be made to determine whether or not the witness could have seen this activity.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED