The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Page two

The officers advised Col Sproul and Col Spain, operations concerning officers on General Mindle's affair that they had seen a very high speed unidentified aircraft and were initially concerned, but stated concerning action "their only response was laughter." This incident occurred at 1200, approximately, 29 Sept 1951.

The civilian stated that he contacted Mr. Barron, public information officer, in order to furnish the location, ground track, description, time of sighting, duration of sighting, and conditions under which he did not initially report the incident, as he then stated that this sounded "like good newspaper story material" and that "he was traveling a newspaper man (newspaper man for revotion) over to operations to get the story from Lt."

It was then stated that this civilian did not wish to cooperate in any way in identifying or establishing the individual who was to be as Mitchell's and was told some hours later that the telephone call from Lt. Barron a "means of identifying or establishing the individual who was to be established." This individual was to come to the PIO office, but failed to find, and did not subsequently report this incident.

The civilian introduced himself as a newspaper man, name Steve Karon, and stated that what he witnessed had been the security officer's craft, but failed to find, and did not subsequently report this incident.

It was noted that the civilian was informed that he must call Lt Barron to ascertain the officers' names at the PIO office, but succeeding the officers' mess, the conversation ended, indicating that he was falling to locate Lt Barron as was expected.

It was noted that the civilian stated that he was cleared to receive the information on the sighting on the operations map and showed the geographic location of the sighting. Tracing the elapsed time, the color shape they were, and that the weather officer corroborated it.

It was what he thought he had seen, and was told that it was can object sighted.

Then the civilian asked if it was a flying saucer, and again stated that he did not know more than that he saw the balloon, and was told no, that the weather balloons cannot travel so fast as the object he saw.

At this point an unidentified civilian, carrying a 7/16 flash gun and with lens and bellows on a tripod, approached and stated that he was assisting the two civilian engineers quoted, but that they organized no effort to take a picture.