The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

Called upon by Capt. Scribner in Washington and Jan. Cabell wanted to be Informed as fully in detail. We checked with Sgt. Kirkland and learned that he was named to serve Capt. (LD) Bittner in Washington as a Joint and receipt pression of a possible report or film commitment to Washington as a probe of any similar commitment at a later date after we had the opportunity to study the data in detail. This was very successful in accomplishing. We did have the work in Washington as quickly as being and references in order to determine the possibilit: es for which and experimental situations as the incident reported. Balloon results were until after we left Washington, negative as were experimental aircraft possibilities. Agencies contacted with this respect were Gen Hills, a Mr. Calpin in Minneapolis, Minn., a Mrs. Swenden of the Signal Corps Department of the Army Pictorial Cen ter, Chap Lain of the Office of Naval Research, Major Lickenna of Monty Fly Project in the Pentagon, and others incidental in discovering the identity of these project actors. The weather bureau was contacted for the weather reports. Certain fort personnel were contacted to determine whether any reports from the public concerning the sightings were reported. Reports indicates that there were no significant sightings which could be verified. These results were negative. Persons contacted includes Lt. Wadsworth, Eastern Air Defense Command, USAF Officer, at the Pentagon; Col. Gerry Corman, J-3 Reporting Officer; Lt. Col. Hoster, Command Post Deputy; and persons in the message centers. The following conclusions were left with OSI (Office of Special Investigations): the data sufficient and qualifies as to them as particularly prescribed by applicable regulations to establish false air fact to the telecon message again USAF item 2, that no such accident occurred.