The image does not contain any photographs. The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

ON 10 and 11 September 1951, a series of both visual and radar sightings were reported from the Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, area.

1. INITIAL SIGHTING OF OBJECTS: At approximately 2235, a security guard at the Nike Ajax installation, Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, reported sighting several bright unidentified objects in the sky to the southwest of the installation. He described the objects as circular in shape, approximately 30 feet in diameter, and traveling at a high rate of speed. At the same time, the guard reported that the objects had been picked up on the radar screen of the Nike Ajax installation and that the targets were traveling at an estimated speed of 500 to 700 mph. 

At approximately 2237, the guard reported that the objects had disappeared from both visual and radar observation. Several other security guards in the area also reported sighting the objects. The Nike Ajax crew chief and other personnel reported the sightings to the information center at the Fort Monmouth Signal Corps Engineering Laboratories.

At approximately 2240, the objects reappeared on the radar screen of the Nike Ajax installation and were again observed visually by the security guard. The objects were tracked intermittently by radar until approximately 2305 when they disappeared from both visual and radar observation. The total time of observation was approximately 30 minutes. The objects were estimated to have traveled a distance of 50 to 75 miles.

At an estimated altitude of 10,000 to 15,000 feet, the objects were observed to make several extremely sharp turns and maneuvers which could not be attributed to any known aircraft. The objects appeared to be under intelligent control. The size and speed of the objects eliminated the possibility that they were balloons or similar objects.

In an attempt to intercept the objects, an F-47 aircraft was scrambled from the New Castle County Airport, New Castle, Delaware. However, the objects disappeared from both visual and radar observation before the F-47 could make contact.

UNCLASSIFIED