There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
by a Mrs. who resides on a small ranch five miles north of 
Orange, Virginia. The sighting occurred on 26 September 1951, and was reported in
the Lubbock Morning Avalanche (23 September 1951) under the caption 'Sighting 
heading of 13 August 1951....
5. At 19.25 hours, 18 September 1951, accompanied by Lt FARLEY,
the writer interviewed Mrs. a housewife, aged 60, who stated that at approximately
19.20 hours on 26 September 1951, as she was tending her garden, she observed
an object traversing the sky in a northwesterly direction. The object was described as
being aluminum in color, seemed to be round in shape, with no protrusions, and made
no noise. It was traveling at a high rate of speed, estimated to be in excess of 1000
miles per hour. The object seemed to be of the size of a medium sized automobile tire
when viewed through binoculars. As it approached a point about five miles north of
Waxahachie, Texas, on Highway 77, the witness observed that the object appeared to
slow down gradually, and was drifting from side to side as it descended at a shallow
angle. It then made a rather abrupt turn to the left, or west, and proceeded to come to a
stop in midair. After hovering for a short time, the object reversed its course and began
to ascend rapidly. It then made another turn and was lost from sight in a westerly
direction. The entire operation from the time of first observation to its disappearance 
took approximately 60 seconds.
The object was described by the witness as being pear shaped in appearance (like a goose shaped torpedo) illuminous or luminous in appearance,
silver in color, and that the object seemed to reflect the sunlight. The witness 
pointed out that there was a light area or light source on the rear portion of the object 
which seemed to pulsate or flare occasionally. The object did not estimate the speed 
of the object except that it was very rapid. She did not see any wings, fins,
or other protruding parts. The object only a few seconds to pass through the sky, and it
disappeared from sight in a westerly direction.

UNCLASSIFIED