The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old unclassified Project Blue Book document discussing a UFO incident that occurred over Lubbock, Texas on several dates in August and September 1951. The document describes the sightings, the details of the objects observed, and the theories that arose from the incident. It also lists the names of some of the reliable witnesses who observed the objects, including a Professor and Head of Petroleum Engineering at Texas Tech.

UNCLASSIFIED 
LUBBOCK, TEXAS, INCIDENT

The bulk of the following information is taken from photostatic copies of articles from the Lubbock, Texas, Avalanche Journal, dates 26 August 1951, 28 August 1951, 1 September 1951, 2 September 1951, and 5 September 1951. The contents of these articles have been investigated and verified by the O.S.I. and Reece AFB officials.

On the evening of 25 August 1951, 31 August 1951, and 1 September 1951, flights of an unidentified object were observed over Lubbock, Texas, in some instances there were several flights per evening. The description of the objects varies to some extent but it is generally agreed that it is a V or U-shaped set of lights. Photos were obtained of two such flights. (See inclosure #1.)

The photographer, Mr. _______, has been investigated and appears reliable. Disagreement on the description of the object is in the number of lights, which varies from 50 to 18, and whether it was a V or U-shaped. The flight path was NE to SW of 16 to 8 miles. They were brighter than stars and yellowish or blue. In most cases there was an absence of noise, a few people heard a slight "whoosh".

The incident has aroused the populace of Lubbock and two theories have arisen. One is that it is an aircraft; the other is that it is light reflecting off some type of migratory fowl.

A large number of people have witnessed the incident. The ones who have been named in reports are listed in inclosure #2, but many other unnamed people observed the incident on various nights. Probably the most technically competent observers were:

a. ________, Professor and Head of Petroleum Engineering Department at Texas Tech.