There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

LUBBOCK, TEXAS
25 August 1951

On the evenings of 25 August 1951, 31 August 1951, and 1 September 1951, flights of unidentified objects were observed over Lubbock, Texas. The objects appeared to come and go with rapidity, but it is generally agreed that it was a "V" or "U" shaped set of lighting objects. Many witnesses claimed to have observed the objects, and some turned over photographs to the Air Force which he claims are of two of the flights. Disagreement among the witnesses is on the number of lights in the sightings, and whether the object appeared as a single unit or as a series of separate units.

Many witnesses reported the incident, but the most technically competent observers were probably Professor C.G. and Dr. G. Professor C.G. and Dr. G., professors of s, Tech. In addition to their own observations, they conducted interviews with other witnesses, and came to certain conclusions. For their initial sightings of the 25 August 1951, they happened to observe the first flight of the object, which they described as a rough triangle or light sources passing over them at an estimated velocity of 600-700 mph at 2000-3000 feet altitude. During subsequent observations the professors confirmed their estimate of the velocity by using trigonometric methods, and also by using clouds or known heights.

In 1959 Dr J Allen Hynek contacted one of the professors at Texas Tech regarding this case. This professor informed Dr Hynek that they had conducted an extensive study of the Lubbock sighting and determined that they were definitely birds.

The Air Force conclusion is that birds, with street lights reflecting from them, were the probable cause of the sightings. The angular velocity recorded was approximately 600 MPH at an altitude of approximately 2000 feet.

Mr - When taking his pictures, had to do so by "panning" his camera (moving with the object's motion). Panning is quite difficult and the relatively high angular velocity of this object makes it clear that the visual velocity was high.

The kind of birds responsible for this sighting is not known, but it is highly probable that they were ducks or plovers. Since plovers do not usually fly in formations of more than six or seven, it becomes more probable that the objects of this sighting were migrating birds. This fact tends to substantiate the conclusion that the objects of this sighting were migratory birds.