[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS
136TH FIGHTER-INTERCEPTOR SQUADRON
Niagara Falls Municipal Airport
Niagara Falls, New York

360.11                                                                12 December 1951

SUBJECT: Report of Information on Unconventional Aircraft

TO:     Commanding General
        Air Materiel Command
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
        Dayton, Ohio
        ATTN: COIS

1. Under provisions of AMC Letter 200-1, 11 April 1951, the following is a narrative report by this unit as derived from an interview with Captain [redacted] USAF, [redacted].

2. On 10 December 1951, Captain [redacted] was driving east on Cose Park Boulevard, approximately four (4) miles southwest of the Buffalo Municipal Airport, Buffalo, New York. At 1520E he sighted an unconventional-type airborne object.

3. The object was large, white, extremely brilliant (he compared its brilliance to the light of a welder's torch when first lighted) and globular in shape, with an estimated 1200 ft. diameter. Its center, brighter than its perimeter area, was a blue-white brilliance and the outer edge was a white brilliance. Emanating from the trail of the object was a fiery, tapered cone and after the cone there appeared some red-orange exhaust flashes. The exhaust trail appeared to be about one-quarter of a mile in length. Captain [redacted] estimated the altitude of the object to be from three to four thousand feet. He estimated the speed to be approximately 240 knots. Its flight path appeared to be from south to north.

4. After sighting the object for approximately 15 seconds, it disappeared in the immediate vicinity of the Buffalo Municipal Airport. Captain [redacted] stated that it just seemed to shut-off, as one would shut-off an electric light bulb. Although Captain [redacted] had the window of his car down, he could hear no sound associated with the object.

5. The ATC station in this area reported nothing in its log to indicate the presence of the object at the time of the sighting. A check was made at the airport control tower, Buffalo Airport, and nothing was observed by the operators on duty at the time of the sighting, nor was anything indicated in the tower log.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]