Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

UNCLASSIFIED
PORT MONMOUTH, NEW JERSEY, INCIDENTS
On 10 and 11 September 1951, a series of both visual and radar sightings were reported from the Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, area.
I. VISUAL SIGHTINGS BY "PILOT" ALL PASSAGE OF T-33 AIRCRAFT 
A. Discussion
At approximately 1135 an unidentified object was sighted by the pilot of an F-86 aircraft. The object appeared to be over Sandy Hook, New Jersey, between 5000 ft. and 8000 ft. at 11 o'clock from the pilot's position. The T-33, at the time of the initial sighting, was on a GCA (ground control approach) circuit to land, when the pilot noted the object off to the left in his 11 o'clock position. The object, the pilot stated, was a light or self-luminous body, seemed to be elongated, and showed a reddish-orange glow. The pilot made a 180 degree turn towards the object, but it disappeared from view before he could close in for a better observation. At one point, the passenger, an air force major, who had been making a radio check, stated that the object "streaked by us at a terrific speed, making a 1:00 turn toward the coast". The pilot continued his 360 degree turn but could not relocate the object. The descending turn of the T-33 had been increased from 220 to 550 m.p.h. and the altitude decreased from 17,000 down to 8,000 feet during this observation.
When first sighted, the object appeared to be descending over Sandy Hook. New Jersey. As the T-33 pilot attempted to close in, it maneuvered with startling rapidity. The object was said to have the color of silver, but did not reflect the sunlight. The size was estimated to be 50 ft. to 75 ft. in diameter.
At approximately 1315, 16 September 1951, two balloons were released from the Wave Signal Laboratory. These balloons were 6 ft. x 8 ft. in diameter at time of release and ascended to an average height of 60,000 ft. The balloons were visible for several minutes following release and were closely observed by the project engineer. It is believed that the balloons could have been mistaken for the unidentified object sighted earlier, due to their size and manner of release. However, the pilot stated that the object he saw was considerably larger and more rapid in its maneuvers than the balloons.
Efforts were made to use the information obtained from the interrogation of the witnesses to plot the course of the unidentified object. However, due to the fact that the data given was consistent with such a conclusion, no definite course could be established.
In an attempt to establish the fact that the object was a balloon, a flight with a calibrated radar was flown in the area on 15 September 1951. However, no returns were obtained which could be attributed to the object sighted on 10 and 11 September. It is therefore believed that the object was not a balloon, but an unidentified flying object.