The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, describing an unidentified flying object sighting over Sandy Hook, New Jersey on September 17, 1951.

UNCLASSIFIED
STATEMENT

17 September 1951

While participating in a training flight from Dover AFB, Delaware, I sighted an object over Sandy Hook, New Jersey. I followed the object and observed its behavior until it disappeared. The object was a bright or a 1-2 type silver aircraft, similar to a T-33 type aircraft. It was about 30,000 feet in altitude, moving very fast and good on speed. The object was maneuverable, making turns and oscillations as it traveled. While Major Ballard was making his position report, I was following the object and continued to in a descending turn to the left. About 15 seconds after I first sighted the object, I saw and followed a contrail which I thought proceeded from the object. The object continued a port turn, disappearing out to the south of Arbury Park.
At no time from the first sighting until it disappeared did the object stop its movement. The object covered a distance of about 35 miles in approximately 90 seconds elapsed, with the object covering a distance of about 35 miles.
The size of the object was approximately 30 to 50 feet in diameter. The object was silver or metallic in color, had no exhaust trails, and appeared to be circular in shape. However, when I had the object in sight, it appeared to be circular in shape; however, at times the object could be said to be identical to a disc as is used in target practice. I could not say definitely whether or not the object was a disc or circular in appearance. The distance of the object could be said to be identical to a disc as is used in target practice.
At an altitude of about 8,000 feet over Sandy Hook, I watched the object and it appeared to be descending. When I first sighted, I would judge that it was between 30
to 50 feet in diameter. The object was silver or metallic in color, had no exhaust trails, and appeared to be circular in shape. However, when I had the object in sight, it appeared to be circular in shape; however, at times the object could be said to be identical to a disc as is used in target practice. I could not say definitely whether or not the object was a disc or circular in appearance. The distance of the object could be said to be identical to a disc as is used in target practice.
In our training and daily practice as intercept pilots, we must note accurately times which the object of the interrogation is first sighted. I did this automatically when I first sighted the object over Sandy Hook. Although we were on a direct course, I could see the object and immediately started to take action. The object seemed to be the same size to the left and vertical for it stayed at the same apparent size until it disappeared. At the time I called the radio check in, I called the object to the attention, and we both watched it though it was not on the scope until it covered approximately 20 miles and disappeared out to the east. The object appeared to be banking and its course described a gradual 90 degree turn to the left.

UNCLASSIFIED

WILBERT E. ROGERS
1st Lt., USAF