No photographs are present in the image provided.

Here is the text from the document:

---

CONFIDENTIAL                                                         UNCLASSIFIED
Lt. Col. M. J. Pistintza                                                                      October 9, 1951

Source looked up into the air to observe the DC-3 because the DC-3 sounded considerably more noisy than was normally expected. As the source looked away, he caught sight of a light above and to the west of the DC-3. His first impression was that he had observed a flash which caused his eye to return to the origin. The next impression was that the object was a balloon. He continued to look at the object to notice any ascent or descent. In continuing to watch for an ascent or descent, he noticed that this object was not ascending and concluded that it might be a parachute. The shape of the object (an incomplete circle or sphere) as it appeared to the source at this time was such that he concluded that it might possibly be a parachute. Continued observation of the object showed that it did not descend; the source concluded that it was not a parachute. Additionally, the size of the object suggested that it was traveling at high speed in a westerly direction. Although the size of the object cannot be established, when it was first noted in the position above the DC-3, it appeared to have a size somewhat smaller than the DC-3 fuselage.

Evaluation

1. Orientating Agency's Evaluation of Source Reliable.

2. Source's Opinion of His Information; Due to the nature of the object which was observed, that is, the slow, the source took the trouble to move his glasses back and forth in order to assure himself that he was not seeing a reflection through his glasses. The source does not believe that he saw a reflection due to the sun, primarily because the sky was reddening in the west and the eastward side of buildings in the area were shaded and darker than the rest of the sky.

The original brightness of the object, its straight-line path, its gradual fading from sight as though getting farther away, and the length of the period of observation assured the source that the object was of a real origin and not due to reflection from the ground or false visual perceptions caused by looking into the sky.

Sincerely yours,

HCC:new
Enclosures
1. Sketch
2. Aerial Photograph

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,                                                                                  
DOJ Dm 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

---