The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed or handwritten document.

in preparation for becoming an instructor at Fort Monmouth where he is actually functioning in that capacity now. PFC Clark was operating an MPG type set MPG-1 and consequently his information and that of Mr. Meyers are somewhat more reliable scope than that of the students. No purpose seems to be served in detailing the results of the interrogations of these men but rather we will go at once to the items of CSAF Item No. 2 in order to discuss the influence of the interrogations on the material presented in these items. The teleconferences held on September 1, September 10, 1951, September 11, 1951, and September 13, 1951, are the basic material presented in these items. This set picked up a fast moving low flying target. This is under the operation of PFC Clark at that time. PFC Clark was operating the set unattended at that time. This set has a nominal range of 12 to 14,000 yds., the set is geared in azimuth using a compass so that 0° for a set in azimuth is magnetic north field approximately with experimental error of the situation may set it upon. PFC Clark was making a demonstration for some visiting non-technical officers at the time he observed Item No. 1. It was his intention to obtain a target to look the target in on automatic non-aided tracking in order to demonstrate this feature as soon as he started the demonstration of finding a saturation echo on a PPI scope with almost constant target heading, on attempting to look in a aided tracking. However, he was considerably frustrated by the fact that the aided tracking would not keep up with the object. After several attempts to maintain aided tracking of this target, he determined that the speed was too high for aided tracking of about 700 mph. Because of the circumstances of the demonstration quickly tried to pass to another target and was finally successful in demonstrating a ground target, namely, the Highlands which lie between the station and his point of observation.