There does not appear to be a photograph present in this document. The image shows a typed document from the Department of the Air Force, United States Air Force, discussing an "anomalous luminous phenomena" that occurred on March 6, 1951.

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT
SUBJECT: Anomalous luminous phenomena
The fireball of 1951, March 6, 14:34
TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters, United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.
Although this incident does not fall within the purview of
AGAR Letter No. 85, dated 23 October 1950, nevertheless, the publicity
incident to this matter and the search conducted by Dr. LINCOLN LAPAZ,
Director Institute of Meteoritics, has been such that it is believed
the facts adduced will be of interest, and in accordance therewith
distribution is being accomplished.
DETAILS: An anomalous luminous phenomena occurred 6 March 1951 at approximately 14:34 hours. The reports of this phenomena were gathered by Dr. LINCOLN LAPAZ, and an analysis was made to determine
whether or not there were resultant physical evidence of a meteorite.
The physical evidence, if any, which was a meteorite, has not
been discovered. Visual observations have been reduced to the point of
interest(1) range and (2) thin and slow moving object, but not identifiable as any specific type of aerial vehicle.  Search continues by LAPAZ.
DETAILS: Dr. LINCOLN LAPAZ, Director, Institute of Meteoritics, University of New Mexico, gathered all available residuary evidence as more particularly delineated in a report of Dr. LAPAZ.
"The March 6 fireball is the last in the long series of incidents
occurring in northeastern New Mexico and the closely adjacent portions
of Texas and Colorado. Of this series, only limited fireball production
was noted, and certainly any detonating meteoric falls was regarded as almost completely absent. The first of this trio was the fireball of January 30, 1949 in the Amarillo-Clovis region, which was the subject of intensive study by the U.S.I. and the Institute of Meteoritics and others. And the next event was the fireball of February 13, 1951 in the Animas-Lordsburg region, which was followed shortly by the March 6 incident, which has been the scene of full and continuous investigation for several weeks immediately after the fall, but also has been repeatedly
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10