There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document containing text, likely from a historical UFO report.

Here is the output of the OCR (optical character recognition) of the text in the document:

BY TECH GR^
Strange Okts
Seen Over City
MYSTERIOUS objects-two
moving lights-were sighted by three Luray faculty members
over Luray, Va., on a Saturday
night back in 1951.
According to the time instead of being spotted by a casual observer, the objects were
watched by three tech' calculus
professors, trained in scientific
observation.
The first group of objects
were seen by the three professors, who were members of the
faculty, over Luray Saturday
night, according to a report in
the Virginia Aeronautics administration office at Langley Field.
The group of objects was
sighted at 10;30 p.m., and one
of the professors, Ducker, said,
"They were so bright you could
read a newspaper by them."
Dr. A. G. Church, associate
professor of economics, and Dr.
Halbert L,. Robinson, professor of
economics and technology, told
about the incident at a Phi Beta
Kappa meeting at Danville, Va.,
recently.
Ducker, speaking for the
group, said the objects appeared
as "pinpoints of light" and were
moving in a crescent formation
from the southwest to the
northeast at a "tremendous"
speed.
The individual objects
which made up the formation,
Ducker said, gave off a glow, apparently reflecting light, possibly
from the moon.
The three tech professors
were unable to get a time estimate on the speed of the objects,
but Ducker said, each calculated the speed to be "nearly
twice the speed of sound."
Other calculation showed
that the formation was traveling
at a speed approximating 18,000
miles an hour.
The objects, Ducker said,
were estimated to be at an altitude of approximately 1,000 feet.
They also estimated from
the apparent size of the objects,
that if they were flying at 18,000
feet, they would have been approximately 1,000 feet in
diameter.
"We felt no shock waves
such as an object traveling at
such a tremendous speed would
lower atmosphere would," Ducker
said, "and the objects did not
seem to indicate anything in the
way of propulsion mechanism or
exhaust. Calculations showed tne
objects to be traveling at an
altitude of 50,000 feet or higher,"
he said. "So unless the group was
insane, we have an object about
a mile in diameter, silently scanning the skies for meteors perhaps dissipating or scattering
and blowing up when Ducker
happened to spot the approaching object.
"Because of the speed involved, it is almost impossible to
get an accurate estimate of Group
Ducker said the second
group, containing three individual
objects, appeared to be traveling
at approximately the same speed
with the bulge toward the line of
flight some 15 minutes later, and
the three men an opportunity to
observe them for several minutes.
"We've no idea what they
were, but we know they were
there, and the experience
convincing," witnesses told
final sure that whatever
saw, it was not of terrestrial
origin, and even more
incredible to believe they are from
beyond the earth," Ducker said.