The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old classified document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
SUBJECT: (Unclassified) UNKNOWN SUBJECT: Release of Information to the Press Concerning an Unidentified Flying Object, 11 Sep 1951 - VIOLATION OF AFR 205-1
TO: Director of Intelligence, FOR COMMENT BY: 1 OCT 1951 
COMMENT NO. 1
FROM: Counter Intelligence Div, Lt. Col. Special Investigator General

At approximately 0330 hours on 1 October 1951, a TWX was received by OSI District #2, 67 Broad Street, New York 4, N.Y., from Lt. Colonel Nathan Robert Rosengarten, AFOIC-1, which requested an investigation as to the circumstances surrounding a press release on 11 September 1951 concerning an aerial object observed over Sandy Hook, New Jersey. This article, as released, was substantially as follows:

Two similar objects from Dover AFB, Delaware, reported they saw a strange moving object in the sky over Sandy Hook, New Jersey. The object was about the size of the full moon, estimated to be about 10 miles an hour. The object was in the field of vision for approximately two minutes. They were unable to state definitely what they saw but certainly saw something strange in the sky.

Pursuant to the request of Lt. Colonel Rosengarten, Major Bernard Barron, USAF was interviewed on 1 October 1951. It was stated that he had been instructed by Lt. Col. Duffy to be the interview officer, as requested, although he was positive that the two officers had submitted a written report concerning the object observed over Sandy Hook on 11 September 1951, when interviewed on 18 September 1951.

However, insofar as flying objects are not classified information, this inquiry was directed in the belief that there was a possible violation of AFR 205-1 by the release of information beyond that authorized. The PIO did not indicate anything about a possible violation of AFR 205-1, and stated that the TWX from Lt. Colonel Rosengarten had prompted a routine inquiry as to the facts of the press release of 11 September.

UNCLASSIFIED
PAGE 1