The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED
March 15, 1951
RADC 22110-32-LRR

they appeared to move slowly to the north regrouping on at least
two occasions into what appeared to be a V-Formation. At this time
the writer observed the General Control of the phenomenon and thereafter
attempted to give them bearings as seen from the Bell Hariband.

Shortly before 0925-Q-2 was modified, the bodies had grouped
into a V-Formation and commenced heading generally northward. The
bearing heading from the Hariland changed from nearly due east to a
position lined up with Sierra Blanca in what appeared to be a few
minutes time. This gave the impression of a slightly very fast
velocity, the highest speed being heading from the Bell Harirand was slightly
west of Sierra Blanca.

Impressions gained by various Bell Personnel were as follows:

a. Not unlike a handful of leaflets thrown from an airplane.
b. Vibratory motion of individual bodies reported occasionally
not unlike flapping of wings.
c. Total time of observation, from time of first sighting, was
approximately 15 minutes.

It is of interest to note that the ground-to-air and air-to-
ground VHF communications were generally very poor throughout the Bell
mission which commenced at 1345 hours. The ground-to-ground VHF
communications were however very good. In addition, for the last ten
minutes of the 1340 flight VHF communication with the tower was extremely
difficult, and collision danger was simulated as it was estimated
that the writer had difficulty in maintaining visual contact with
the writer communications difficulty.

As additional information, winds aloft to 27,000 feet were
generally westerly, estimated at 50 to 40 knots. The writer is
generally certain that the unusual motion as witnessed could not have been
balloons of Project Sky-Hook.

In conclusion, the writer wishes to emphasise that the aerial
phenomenon was different from anything he has ever seen by to and including
flights of birds.

BELL AIRCRAFT CORPORATION

/s/
Field Test Director

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS.
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED