The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which is an unclassified report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

10. The following morning the story was first released over the wires of the United Press and the Associated Press. AURELIO stated that this made the story available to all newspapers and associated press. The information was not released until the morning of 11 September, in order that SATURDAY would be the first paper to carry this story.

11. AURELIO stated that he would be unable to identify the person whom he had overheard in his office. He was unable to recall their voice, and could only hazard a guess as to where they might work on the base. His impression was that they were mechanics and were discussing information which they had overheard.

AT LIEUTENANT AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK

12. On 2 October 1951, Major RIDGELY H. BELLOW, AG-2070703, Public Information Officer, Hq. First Air Force, was interviewed concerning the news article in question and that, in his opinion, there had not been a violation of security, since he knew of no regulation or policy which prohibited newspapermen from writing stories concerning Air Force activities which were unclassified.

13. LIEUTENANT COLONEL ELLISTON, AC-2/0703, Public Information Officer, stated that this article existed which set forth instructions for releasing information regarding the program in question, dated 27 April 1951, titled AIR FORCE PUBLIC INFORMATION PROGRAM.

14. Paragraphs 2b and c of AFR 190-6 are set forth below:

"Par 2b - This Air Force information concerning the collection, correlation and utilization of all data and intelligence which could assist the Air Force in gaining superiority in the defense program is based on the policy that the full record of the Air Force operations, subject only to security restrictions and the dictates of good taste."

"Par 3c - Consist of full cooperation with civilian scientists and educators in research and studies leading to the advancement of the science of aeronautics, based on the policy that harmonious relations with the civilian population will be maintained."

15. On 2 October 1951, AURELIO called the writer to inform that a statement which he had made was not to be made public, since his editor had not authorized its release. No attempt was made to interview the editor.

UNCLASSIFIED