There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a newspaper or magazine called "The Northrop News", and it contains a report about a sighting of a "saucer" or unidentified flying object that was observed and chased by a Northrop pilot named Leo Swenson.

The text of the document is as follows:

Swenson Report Tells of Saucer Sighted, Chased

Recent revival of interest by the public in reports on flying saucess has caused many persons to relate an adventure along those lines which he had begun to fear that nobody would believe him tale. 

Leo Swenson, Illustrator of the Illustration Department, is the man who "observed a strange flying object" over Riverside, Calif., as pictured on this page. According to the Northrop News, it became interested and made an accurate painting of the surrounding territory and landmark. The "saucer" was sighted at 3:00 a.m. on the morning of November 28, 1951, while travel along Highway 91 between Colton and Riverside.

According to Swenson, he stopped his car and observed the object for thirty minutes. At first it appeared to be 6,000 feet in the air, but it later dwindled back to a smaller size three times its original diameter. Swenson drove eastward on Central Street in an attempt to get a closer range. The object moved rapidly upward and although he was able to nearly keep up with it, it continued on southward after five miles and disappeared from sight. It is reported to Swenson and again disappeared from sight.

The action of the object was that of a steady rise and fall motion. The object rose and fell vertically, but did not swerve from side to side.

Swenson's background indicates that he is currently assigned to the USAF Intelligence Department, Historical Section. His assigned duty was to complete and illustrate reports and charts concerning experimental development. He was attached to the North American and Northrop-University and Caltech Institute, Los Angeles. Swenson's report is reminiscent of but entirely different from the earlier report in April, 1950, by Northrop pilot Max Stanley, who engaged in a brief dog-fight with an unidentified object while flying over Mexico. Stanley stated, "The object was of a silvery-metallic color, quite large and rotunda, and had a bright orange ring or other evidence of color was observed. The shape of the object was similar to a doughnut and with a dark streak or shadow connecting the top and bottom, and with a dark streak or shadow connecting the top and bottom, and with a dark streak or shadow connecting the top and bottom, and with a dark streak or shadow connecting the top and bottom, and was critical and so appeared to all observers." Swenson's memo states, "Mr. Lloyd Balsam, who was riding in the passenger's station in the airplane, is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Mr. Sam E. West is a graduate of the University of California, and has 5 years active flying and was employed in the Radiation Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology."