There is no photograph present in the image provided. This appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

TITLE: UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO.: TR-2S-UNCLASSIFIED
DATE: 10 FEB 51
PAGE: 1 OF 11

AIR DEFENSE BRANCH, D/I PRPS

SUBJECT OBJECT

1. A further investigation was made by the Intelligence Office, D/I PRPS, of the sighting of an unidentified flying object over Kadena Air Force Base, Okinawa, on 7 October 1950. The report of this sighting was previously submitted as TR-220, dated 14 October 1950.

2. The particulars of this case are as follows:

a. GENERAL: The object was spotted at approx. 2230 hrs, 7 October 1950, by radar operators at the Radar Site located at Kadena AFB. This object was tracked on the radar scope and remained under observation for a period of approx. 20-25 minutes.

b. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: The object was described as being circular in shape, having a diameter of approximately 40-50 feet. It appeared to be completely dark in color. It was observed to change direction several times, making very sharp, right-angle turns, and its speed was estimated to be in the neighborhood of 500-600 knots.

c. ACTIONS TAKEN: Upon detection of the object, the Radar Site Supervisor immediately notified the Air Defense Command and sent a flash message reporting the sighting to the 6th Bomb Wing Operations Office. A visual search of the area was immediately instituted, but no visual contact with the object could be established. The object disappeared from the radar scope at approx. 2250 hrs.

d. CONCLUSION: This incident has been classified as an unidentified flying object. The object exhibited characteristics which could not be attributed to any known aircraft in the area at that time. The extreme speed and maneuverability of the object, as well as its ability to make sharp, right-angle turns, preclude the possibility of its having been a conventional aircraft.

3. The foregoing report is forwarded for your information.

UNCLASSIFIED