The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing an incident that occurred on September 10, 1951 near Sandy Hook, New Jersey.

Transcribed text:

Interrogator regarded anomalous propagation involving trapping effects and gave negative indications and was verified by other personnel. Weather shows that September 10 in that area was not one favoring anomalous propagation but the September 11 was. Evidence by FPS Guard that ground clutter was of a normal nature and was not extending inside of 5,000 yds. Prior 3 centimeters set of the MPG type or others were in operation in the area at that station to the knowledge FPC Clark and other personnel there which eliminates interference effects. Note that no pip shape may be discussed here in order to fix the current size of target because of the use of the PPI scope alone and aided tracking was not possible. FPC Clark began operation on this instance at approximately 11:15 and the operation was ended by 11:18 approximately. This is approximately 3 seconds at one time although 45 seconds in a row. It could not be verified 10 September 1951 was fixed in the telecom, however, the student with reference to other events would fix this as 11 September or 12 September.  This is given a low evaluation. It is believed, in fact it was on September 10. The MPG set had been in operation since 1100, that is warming up, for 15 minutes before the demonstration began in which the target was picked. This story interrogation by FPC Clark was high altitude target traveling north bound up the Jersey course from Belmont. It was lost near Sandy Hook, he said. Following the course line changing the range only slightly but changing azimuth rapidly. The target was lost in the northeast at a range of 14,400 yds. Operator initially identified the target as a ship and then realized it could not be a ship. FPC Clark upon interrogation stated that he intended to say operator found a target near location of ship is usually found and realized it was not a ship.