There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR system, I will proceed to produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

a. The color of the lights was blue-green.
b. There were from 15 to 20 separate lights in each formation.
c. The first two flights observed were a semi-circle or lights but in subsequent flights there was no orderly arrangement.
d. The flights were observed to be traveling almost due north and disappeared at about 45° in the south. The object did not gradually come into view as would an aircraft approaching from a distance, neither did it gradually disappear.
e. There was no apparent change in size as the object passed overhead.
f. The "familiar span" was estimated to be 10°.
Attempts were made to obtain the relative height of the object in respect to clouds. However, these attempts were also unsuccessful due to the object's height being widely scattered and distant.
Attempts were made to determine whether or not there was any form between the lights by calling to see stars between the lights. These also were unsuccessful due to the short time the object was in view.
The phenomena was observed by several responsible people in Lubbock, Texas. Some of these people were of the opinion that the objects were like aircraft lights from the city.
On the evening of 31 August 1951 at about 2330 C.S.T., a college freshman from Texas Tech observed a flight of the unidentified objects more over his home. This flight was identical to the flights described in part a except that in this instance the object made an attempt to get photographs of additional flights of the object. Subsequent to this event, these flights of the object had also occurred, and the fact that several flights might occur in an evening was well known to the observer. Very little more information could be obtained from the observer and he seemed disturbed at the narratives but the other one was lost or replaced by the photographer. The photographs show a formation of lights. In one photo a single V of lights appears while on three photos there is a doublet. The separate lights, which appear to be minimum light sources, vary in intensity.
(See appendix II for possibly related incidents.)

II. STATUS OF THE INVESTIGATION

A. Trip to Lubbock, Texas
A trip was made to Lubbock, Texas, on 6-9 November 1951 to obtain more details on the incident. Many people who had seen the object or who were involved in the incident were interrogated. A complete report was compiled covering the objects they had observed and their interpretation of the phenomena.