There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document or report from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

1. The object, first sighted, was observed to travel due North for some 100 miles and then South for another 100 miles, according to numerous witnesses. It was described as a round, bright, shiny object, approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter, and traveling at an estimated speed of 1500 to 2000 miles per hour. 

2. Special Agent ARTHUR J. MAKOILE made inquiry at the following locations in an effort to determine if they were conducting any experimental aircraft on 23 September 1951:

Northrop Aircraft Company, Hawthorne, California
North American Aviation, Inc., Inglewood, California
Douglas Aircraft Company, Inc., El Segundo, California
Lockheed Aircraft Company, Burbank, California
Hughes Aircraft Company, Culver City, California

It was found that none of these companies was test flying any experimental aircraft on the date this object was seen. The above companies are under contract to the U.S. Air Forces and U.S. Navy.

6. Special Agent THOMAS J. McKARLY made inquiry at the consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation, San Diego, California, and they advised that, although they were presently working on experimental aircraft, they did not conduct any flights on 23 September 1951.

7. Colonel C. E. JACKSON, Air Force Engineering Field Office, 5500 Hollywood, Los Angeles, advised that he knew of no experimental aircraft being flown by any manufacturers in this area on the date in question. He stated that practically all USAF experimental aircraft would be under his cognizance and he knew of none being flown on this date.

8. Special Agent BEDFORD M. LEAKE interviewed Major KENNETH T. BROOKS, Detachment Commander, U.S. Weather Bureau, Long Beach, California. He claimed that a weather balloon is released by his station at 5:00 am daily and that this balloon was released on the morning of 23 September 1951 and that, due to mechanical difficulties, contact with the balloon was lost at 12,900 feet per minute and was traveling toward the general North, Easterly, and was lost from sight.

UNCLASSIFIED