There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. The image shows a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

Transcribing the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

The F-86's were unable to climb to the estimated altitude of the object due to the fact that they were carrying external fuel tanks and elected not to jettison them. 

II. STATUS OF INVESTIGATION 

At 0700 PST a radiosonde balloon was released from the Long Beach Municipal Airport. The balloon was lost at 0741 PST, and the signal was lost 30 miles from the airport, due to a malfunction of the radar at the tracking station. A coincidence, with the bearing of 95째 true, due to a malfunction of the radar at the tracking station. Assuming the balloon would have been at approximately 40,000 ft. at the time of loss, and the object at this altitude they will be relatively consistent in direction. Assuming a relative constant altitude of 40,000 ft, the object would have been above the radiosonde (the balloon lost at 40,000 ft. was 20째 at 1 knot) the possible flight path of the object.

The original sighting by flight personnel could very possibly have been the radiosonde balloon. The description of the object as appearing like the exhaust of a jet is unknown but was probably color 40,000 ft. Apparently, ten miles wide by 50,000 ft. could have been the radiosonde balloon and that it wasn't the object at all. The apparent movement could have been wind shifts but these are not a great deal that it is doubtful if it could have been the object.

Referring to the ground track of flight 3-a, if a 50 knt wind at 30,000 ft. the balloon would be at 15째 on the overlay. The balloon would be at 11째 on the overlay, and probably be at an altitude of 15,000 to 30,000 ft. This puts the altitude of the balloon within the range of the object. Examining the altitude of the balloon, the altitudes could have been misjudged and the balloon the object spotted.

The interested interpret by flight 3-b cannot be explained. If the ground track given by the leader of flight 3-b is correct, it is very doubtful that the flight could have seen the object. It is known that they flew beneath the object for a minute, and if it is assumed that they saw beneath the object for 30 minutes, and the object could not have been above 40,000 ft. the illusion of a tram.

III. CONCLUSIONS
With the information available, it cannot be concluded that the object was not a Radiosonde Balloon. The discrepancies in the description, such as the maneuvering capabilities and the size, indicate that the orbiting of the object was an illusion due to the relative motion between the balloon and the aircraft. It is concluded that the object was very possibly a Radiosonde Balloon.