The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document regarding a UFO sighting near Sandy Hook, New Jersey.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

"The following representation was best of my recollection: "Two pilots from Dover Air Force Base have reported that they saw a strange object in the sky over Sandy Hook, New Jersey. It was moving at an extremely rapid rate which was estimated in excess of 600 miles an hour. They had the object in view for approximately two minutes. They reported that it moved with an arc-like motion. They are not able to identify it. They gave no further description. My suggest is that two pilots say a flying saucer. I am fully aware of the Air Force attitude toward flying saucers and would urge circumspection. My guess is that no member of the press that an Air Force pilot saw an object fully identified as a flying saucer."

AT HEMPSTEAD, NEW YORK

"On 1 October 1951, Mr. RICHARD R. AURELIO, reporter for NEWSDAY, who writes the by-line of "DAILY DIARY," 235 Villa Court Street, Hempstead, New York, in an interview, AURELIO stated that sometime during September 1951 while in a diner near Mitchell Air Force Base, two airmen were discussing the landing of an object, which AURELIO could not understand. They went to the office and called Major EATON, Public Information Officer at Mitchell Air Force Base, to request the information he had obtained. Major EATON told them that Operations had no information concerning the report of the unidentified object."

8. AURELIO then asked EATON to have the call relayed to Operations and he stated the information relayed would not confirm or deny the information, and was reluctant to talk, which led AURELIO to believe that PERSON was withholding information which he (AURELIO) had overheard. AURELIO called EATON again and told him to call PERSON, that the information he had given pilots had been, EATON called back shortly and confirmed the report that two transient pilots had.

9. AURELIO stated that he then requested permission to interview the pilots, which was granted by EATON. AURELIO then advised his editor of the possibility of a story and was directed to interview the pilots. AURELIO consultant/LT WILSHER J. POPE-15, pilots. A member of the 142nd Fighter Interceptor Wing located at Dover, Delaware, who gave him this information which was garnered a story that was published in NEWSDAY on 3 September 1951 and again on 7 September 1951.

UNCLASSIFIED