There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing an incident that occurred on 27 August 1951 in Vandalia, Illinois.

UNCLASSIFIED
VANDALIA, ILLINOIS - 27 AUGUST 1951 

The only information available on this incident is a newspaper article from "Vandalia Leader" of 30 August 1951.

It states that a strange light was observed in the sky over Vandalia for approximately 30 minutes. The object was described as bright, luminous, and larger than a star. It was estimated to be at least 2 miles distant. Several persons who saw it described it as a "strange light."

It was a bright orange light with a bluish tint. The light was stationary for some time, and then moved rapidly in a horizontal direction, and then disappeared.

The light was observed by a number of persons, including the chief electrician at the airport, and is said to have been seen by several cars on the highway. As soon as the object was sighted, the airport tower called Edwards Air Force Base, but the object had disappeared before any aircraft could be sent up to investigate.

The article states that "The lighted object disappeared into the west and we decided maybe it was merely a weather balloon or a satellite with my flight planes," It further states "the object reappeared later; persons counted time it was visible."

Shortly after I had taken one of my routine flights around Vandalia, I received a call from my base headquarters asking if I had seen anything unusual in the sky. I replied that I had not. It was then explained to me that a strange light had been sighted over Vandalia which had puzzled the airport personnel and others who had observed it. I was asked if I had seen anything unusual but I had to report that I had not.

The lighted object which appeared to have a to 12 inch lens, was also seen by several residents in the nearby area, but no photographs or other evidence has been obtained.

Status of Investigation
An attempt will be made to obtain further information on this incident.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10