There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Transcribed text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

a. The color of the light was blue-white.
b. There were from 30 to 35 separate lights in each formation.
c. The first two flights observed were a semi-circle formation of lights, but in subsequent flights there was no orderly arrangement. 

1. The object always appeared to be a light source in the distance. When the object came closer, approximately 600 in the distance, the object appeared as an irregular shape or silhouette against the surrounding lights and was distinguishable from a distance, neither did it completely disappear.

2. There was no apparent change in size or motion of the object except to change its relative height or the object in respect to the clouds. However, there were intermittent periods when the objects were less distinct due to the fact that the objects were silhouetted against the surrounding clouds. 

Efforts to determine whether these were any form of conventional aircraft were negatively conclusive due to the short time the object was in view.

This phenomena was observed by about one hundred people in and around Lubbock, Texas. Some of these people were of the opinion that the objects were from outer space.

On the evening of 31 August 1951, at about 2:30 C.S.T., a college freshman named Carl Hart, Jr. observed three flights of the objects and allegedly obtained five photographs. He obtained two shots of one flight and three of another. His description of the object is much the same as that of the college professors never observed.

(See Appendix II and V for possibly related incidents.)

Status of the Investigation

1951 Project Grudge personnel made a trip to Lubbock, Texas, on 4-9 November 1951, to obtain more details on the incident. Ray Stanford, one of the college professors who had seen the objects, cooperated in their enquiries. This report should be forthcoming.

The photographer who claims to have photographed the object was interrogated. Every effort was made to find a flaw in the photographs; however, the results were negative. The college professors did not believe the photographs were authentic as they had never observed a V-shaped arrangement of lights during the actual sightings. Since the investigation, the status of this case remains inconclusive.

UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL