The image does not contain any visible photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
did not see the flames beyond the third cloud. As the moving object approached the third cloud, I observed a cone-shaped object, light brown in color, trailing a tail of flame. The tail appeared to be about 30 feet in length and was trailing from the south with landing lights lighted. I thought, at the time, that the lights of that object might have been the same as flames, and that, possibly, the mass of flames had been the mass of flames had been in a different part of the sky and possibly farther away. I could have no sound from the object at all even though it appeared to be close enough to have been heard.
The object did climb up into the clouds and appeared approximately five (5) minutes to traverse the same distance as previous (5-10) times the speed of my jet aircraft that I have seen. The flames appeared to be momentarily disinterred and then reappeared as described above. The mass of flames was visible to me for only a matter of seconds during which time it traversed the third cloud.
According to airman K., the object would climb approximately 5 (5) minutes to travel the same distance as previously (5-10) times the speed of my jet aircraft that I have seen. The flames appeared to be momentarily disinterred and then reappeared as described above. The mass of flames was visible to me for only a matter of seconds during which time it traversed the third cloud.
Mr. advised the following particulars concerning himself and his capacity in this observation: Is retired (Capt.) United States Army. Sent with paratroopers maneuvers, slightly over two hundred miles northwest of Honolulu T.H. This sighting as a passenger, rather than as a regular observer. At the time I was in normal good and former profession as aerial mechanian, relative mechanics-pilot, some pilot training, who has had special course in observation and taught to write clear, coherent and consecutive reports.
Mr. advised that two days previous, unidentified flying objects were observed over the island of Oahu by personnel at that area. Although his called health normal vision (20/20 in both eyes), although color blind to be color-blindblind to certain greens.
Mr. further advised that, "at the time of the sighting, there was still a trace of daylight in the sky from the setting sun. Unusual lights were noted in the sky over the area approximately 2 hours prior to my sighting. He stated that he waited to make the report until he had an opportunity to discuss the matter with Army Intelligence officers and assure himself that the matter was of official interest before submitting the report. As to the size of the object, he stated that it appeared to be approximately 2 to 3 times the size of a B-29 bomber, which he could easily recognize, and not a reflection seen in automobile windows or other reflecting surfaces, and stated that he got a "side-view" of the object and that the shape resembled that of a mushroom on a stalk."
Mr. advised that he had been accompanied by his wife, and when they saw the object, he called his child's attention to it, but the child did not see it. He stated at the conclusion of the sighting, approximately 30 seconds, and that he inquired of personnel in the plotting room at the Airport concerning the object he had seen.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED