The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

UNCLASSIFIED
13 February 1951

The text in the document is as follows:

The past of U.S. Highway 66) and southerly about 1 mile (location of the objects at a point on Highway 66, 5 miles northeast of Lucerne Valley, California). Natural objects in sky which appeared to be in evidence. Sources traveled about 30 mph while driving, and claimed to have been within a distance of hill from the objects. Objects varied about 30 mph and when observers travel ed 60 mph for fifteen minutes they could have traveled about 15 miles. Objects said to move erratically toward east and then southwest. Air Force Base is a little over 30 miles northwest of Lucerne and Cajon Pass.

Condition of Objects with Respect to Observers: The objects were 14 or more in number by their description, approximately 30-40 feet in diameter, and flying southwesterly by their direction.

Weather and Wind Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings: Exceptionally calm, only occasional slight movement of air. No haze, no overcast, so clouds visible anywhere.

Any Activity or Condition, Meteorological or Otherwise, which might Account for the Sighting: None, according to witnesses.

Evaluation of any Physical Evidence: None. Sources had no camera.

Other Persons Who Saw the Objects: Mr.  from Lucerne Valley, California. Notes that he saw the first two objects, but was not along in the automobile.

REPORTING OFFICER'S COMMENT: It is believed that a source probably saw items always present in the area, but allowed imagination or hope to make these seem to be something out of the ordinary. If not a certainty, it is believed possible that the objects were balloons and not something that should be the subject of further investigation. Since the interviewing officer had no way of judging the worth of the report until someone more closely connected with the investigation indicates that it is worth looking into, no further investigation is warranted at this time.

T. J. SHULTZ
District Intelligence Officer
Eleventh Naval District

UNCLASSIFIED