The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book report or document.

Text extracted from the document:

came, more west than south, there appeared a pinpoint of glowing, deep red. I thought; there is no such star-- and kept my eyes glued on it. To my utter amazement it was increasing in size, until it became as large as a regular star. And, just about then, another of the same appeared, following in the same route behind the first. They kept at the same distance apart, at the same speed, along the same route, with precision plus. From the moment they first appeared, out of immeasurable space, until they reached the Moon, did not take over three or four seconds. At a point far west they curved to the right in their course and headed in the direction of the Moon. It would appear the whole thing was well planned and executed with precision. By the time they had taken their station on either side of the Moon, but never at, they appeared to be, from where I stood, to be about the size of the Moon when in far north declination and full. As everyone knows, the Moon appears largest when furthest south, and vice versa.
The two glowing red objects remained poised, perfectly still, one on the side facing the earth and the other on the side away from the earth-- the side of the Moon we never see. I noticed that they were careful to keep out of a certain radius from it, for they were just beyond about the outer edge of the circle we see around the Moon on a misty night, when the orb is full.
The objects appeared glowing red and round, like two saucers, but they were not "saucers" by any means, as I understand the description of such objects. I have seen many things in the sky, but never anything to compare with this, and I doubt if anyone else has either. After remaining poised for a time, which I cannot estimate accurately, the two objects suddenly took off, in the same direction they had come, at an inconceivable speed, and in a matter of three to four seconds had completely disappeared from sight.