There is no photograph in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page describes details of a reported UFO sighting, including information about the object's size, shape, color, and speed, as well as the pilots' observations and conclusions.

The text in the document is as follows:

There are counter-indications that it is an attempt by these two officers to gain publicity in that transmission by the pilot to Sansworth were monitored by Twin Lights and it was definitely reported by the monitor that the pilots were excited in describing something which they believed to exist in the sky. A ground chart was established by reference to interrogation a chart made by airborne by Lt Rogers. It is believed that the ground chart which he recorded on that map is correct as the pilots consider it. No statement was made as to whether the pilots are correct but only as they consider it. The range involved cross-section by observation from greater altitude against geographic points on the ground. Upper limited range could thereby be established. A size was reported 30 to 50 ft. in diameter as no fixed or reliable value. Lt Rogers will admit a larger size even up to B-17 dimensions. As to speed, Rogers and Ballard would not fix a value. They quote only their ground track against the sighting time that is 30 to 50 nautical miles in about two minutes. This shape oblated spheroid the color silver. There were no more observations which we could offer the staff. At the time of this recording, conclusions are something as follows: From the interrogation of Lt Rogers, the T-33 pilot, (a) the object was circular in shape changing other banked to elliptical shape the object bank in turning. (b) The object was silver in color. Pilot was firm that the object did not reflect the sunlight brightly. (c) The object covered 35 to 50 miles during a two minute period of observation. Conclusion: That with an allowance for misinterpretation, the object makes good speeds greater than 700/mph. (d) The object cannot be fixed for size except within the lower range.