The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text related to the investigation of a reported UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

with greater detail dates, time, and circumstances in order to find something
of value. However, it was realized after all this was accomplished, it had been
in vain, absolutely too much time had elapsed for human memory to recover the
detail necessary for further evaluation. Then, the two pilots, Major Ballard
flying as observer, and Lt. Rogers, who was flying as pilot, of a T-33 sighted
an unidentified flying object and they were flown to Fort Monmouth for interrogation.
The story was verified, questioned, analyzed, discussed, and the pilots remained
firmly convinced of the details which they had sighted. However, certain circumstances were indications that they did not possess the detail which they
claimed concerning a track or the flying object they claimed to have seen. They
were interrogated at great length concerning the circumstances whereby this
report concerning the flying object they saw reached the press and also a
request for an investigation of the base per Captain Legters, Intelligence
officer at Mitchell Air Force Base, a Major Barren, in order to clarify his
part in the activity. It is sufficient to state that neither Ballard or Rogers
made a voluntary statement to press and that Rogers made his statement to the
press only when he was directed to do so by Major Barren, Base PIO, and this
is according to Rogers statement only. An interrogation of the personnel at
Twin Lights Radar Station was undertaken and it was learned that Twin Lights
was under the direct observation of the 112th Signal Section at that time and
and under flight lights are referred to as referring to our operating lights and
that the time at Twin Lights were 0800 to 9300 and 1700 to 2300 BST. Therefore,
there is no verification from Twin Lights loss of the sighting one way or
the other. However, Staff Sgt Pallock who was monitoring channel fox at the