There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:

At this point in the conversation the unusual meteor activity in the SW United States was brought up. The group, with Dr. ******* the astronomer, has already attempted to associate the formation of lights with this activity, however, they could find no association between the two. Dr. ******* mentioned the fact that the series of events terminating with the large meteor that fell in Oklahoma on the morning of 7 November 1951 was very odd. They did not follow the general pattern of meteors. An expedition from several Southwestern colleges is now being formed to attempt to find the one that is supposed to have fallen in Oklahoma.

Several meteors were reported to have fallen in the Lubbock area during the period Lt Ruppelt was there. In two instances people reported crashed aircraft, and Lt Ruppelt was present when B-25s were sent out to search. Later the locations where these "crashes" were reported were examined by Texas Tech people. They picked up some material that allegedly came from the object. A piece of this material has been obtained and will be analyzed. It may be ash from the many cotton gins located in the Lubbock area. According to Texas Tech chemists, if it is the potassium content will be high. (Sch. note 6 Tli)

The above named men together with Dr. ******, an astronomer at Texas Tech, have developed a very great interest in their objects. Their genuine interest is brought out by the fact that they devoted an entire evening discussing the matter with Lt Ruppelt and Capt Parker, and they previously have had many meetings between themselves. They refuse to recognize any sightings not witnessed by at least two of the group although they admit many other reputable people have seen the objects. Thus the figure of twelve "official sightings" is conservative. Their term is twelve "official sightings". They have made every effort to investigate all possibilities as to what the objects might be. It is apparent after listening