There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT ON SIGHT FLYING OBJECTS
The first observations of these objects were made by Messrs. - April 17-1951 two - were observed and were about five minutes apart. - These observations have spread through;
(1) The objects were traveling from northeast to southwest and pacing slightly southeast of overhead of the city of Lubbock.
(2) Each flight consisted of a series of lights in an erratic formation which covered about 100 in the sky.
(3) It was apparent that the area were not continuous. Individual objects could not be distinguished distinctly. They were of a varying color, bluish-green, amber, and reddish-orange and clearly and plainly visible, but not brilliant, and having approximately the same illumination for all the objects, and seemed to remain constant on a clear moonlight night.
(4) Immediately after the flights it was estimated that the velocities of the flights were thirty degrees per second, and are of notably degree exceeding forty-five degrees below the zenith to forty-five degrees beyond the zenith.
(5) Both flights were identified in "size, shape, velocity, and duration".
(6) No sound was associated with the flights.
During the following week the same observers witnessed five flights resembling the above on succeeding nights through the same period between Monday and Thursday according to additional data.
(1) On September first, (Saturday) the above three were joined by pressers. On that night two flights were seen similar to those previously described but not in such an irregular, grouped, and with definite and individual objects present in the formation.
(2) The apparent number of objects in these succeeding flights has been variously estimated as being from fifteen to thirty.
(3) The most unusual flight observed at 10:17 a.m. on September second by the five people who had seen the previous flights. The flight passed directly overhead in the general direction of north to south, and was seen by each member of the group.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED