The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, detailing an investigation into a potential UFO hoax.

------------------------------------------------------

About using them because of the possibility of a hoax. They examined the negatives very carefully however, and decided to use them. Mr. Harris then called [REDACTED] on the phone and again asked them if it were a hoax which he denied. Harris then in his approximate words "raised hell with him" and told him all the consequences if it were a hoax. He threatened to "run him out of town" if it were. This did not phase [REDACTED] and his only reply was that the pictures were of something flying over Lubbock and that they were afraid to use them o.k. He didn't care. As far as payment was concerned anything would be all right. (He finally received $7.50 - $10.00 for them.) Prior to this, [REDACTED] had taken a few photos for the paper and was regarded as an honest conscientious person trying to pick up a little extra money on photos. He was not obnoxious as a lot of amateurs are, always trying to sell photos, but would occasionally take a good photo and attempt to sell it.

It was then decided by Mr. Harris to put the photos "on the wire service" with a story. [REDACTED] was called in on this discussion and again "read the riot act" on any possible fraud. This time it was stronger because the photo was going out all over the U.S. Again he struck to his story, and the photo went out. The negatives were sent to AP in Ft. Worth to be checked. Life Magazine also looked at the photos but rejected them as they claimed to have many photos of "flying saucers". The photos and story went out on the wire service. It is unknown which papers used it but some did.

At this point in the interview Mr. Hams, head photographer and Asst. Managing Editor, was called in and gave this information. When the story of V-shaped lights came out some people immediately branded them as ducks or some type of migratory fowl. Later when [REDACTED] photos were printed, the argument as to whether they were ducks or "flying saucers" came out.