There is no photograph on this page; it appears to contain a newspaper clipping.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---

Description of a Flying Saucer
Is Supplied by a Policeman

HERE is a late description of a flying saucer, as supplied by Cpl. Frank Gibson, 5133 Elmwood avenue, a member of the police department seventeen years.
Perfectly round, with an inner core resembling the fuselage of a small airplane equipped with hands and extremely stubby wings.

Corporal Gibson said he saw the thing at precisely 2:12 o'clock yesterday afternoon. He was just opening the garage door preparatory to driving away on an errand when he looked skyward and saw a B-29 plane traveling southwest at an altitude of about 10,000 feet.

Traveling northwest, perhaps at an altitude slightly higher than the plane, was the thing. Corporal Gibson watched it for perhaps a minute before it disappeared. It was rather transparent. Still, it gave off a sort of a metallic sheen.

Corporal Gibson called the weather bureau to inquire about the possibility of a weather observation balloon. The weather bureau said there were no balloons around at the moment and, besides, they could not possibly be traveling from southeast to northwest.

A little later, an independent inquiry was made of J. R. Lloyd, the meteorologist in charge of the weather bureau. Mr. Lloyd was unaware that Corporal Gibson had called the bureau. Mr. Lloyd was mightily interested in learning about it, however.

"If that fellow (Gibson) was even half way right about the altitude, it couldn't have been a balloon," Mr. Lloyd said. "At 2:12 o'clock the winds at 10,000 to 12,000 feet were blowing from southwest to northeast. Incidentally, if it makes any difference, a balloon at that altitude—and at that time—would be hoisted along at about seventy miles an hour."

Corporal Gibson says he is just a layman when it comes to figuring out things he sees in the sky. He only knows that he saw the thing. It made no noise, he said. At least, he didn't hear a noise.

Kansas City Times (morning)
8 Dec 51

