The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report that describes an unidentified object sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
 12 February 1951
Subj: UNCONVENTIONAL OBJECTS IN SKY

Color: silvery, aluminium, metallic, brighter than a white cloud. Never gave off any radiation as a bright metallic object might have.

Number of Objects: Two at first sighting. One at later sighting.

Aerodynamic Features: None distinguishable.

Trail or Exhaust: None on the first two objects. The third object appeared to have a shorter trail of vapor or color that extended to the rear, and this trail was illuminated or glowed.

Maneuver: Impossible to judge. At times appeared to be standing still. Never any rapid movements, sudden stops, or sudden starts. Were more than four hundred miles per hour they could hardly have noticed the movement.

Sound: None.

Maneuvers: When the first two objects were sighted they were slowly moving in opposite directions, one from left to right and the other in the opposite direction. The objects stopped their forward motion and slowly turned completely and went back the way they came, one object apparently being in a vertical position as the other objects. In this end-over-end maneuver the leading end went up and the trailing end went down, in the same direction as the other objects. In this maneuver the forward movement was stopped and the object turned in the opposite direction.

On the third object it was observed that when the object was in a vertical position the object seemed to shorten and thicken, giving the impression that it went out, because long and thin again, and proceeded to move in the opposite direction.

Length of Time of Observation: Sighting was approximately from two to three minutes. From first to last sight of objects did not exceed three minutes.

On or about 15th February 1951 two first two objects were sighted between 1900 and 1930 hours. The third object was sighted on 6 February 1951 between 2100 and 2130 hours. 

Length of Time of Appearance: The first two objects were seen for about eight minutes. The third object was sighted by the sources and was seen for exactly fifteen minutes.

Number of Observers: Unusual.

Location of Observation: At west edge of town of Lucerne Valley in San Bernardino County, in Southern California, at approximately 34°22'N, 116°43'E, at the residence of a Lt. Col.J.E.B., USAF. It is believed that this location is 45 miles southeast of the March Air Force Base. The sighting occurred while sources were driving from town of Hesperia (near Victorville), California.

2 UNCLASSIFIED