The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

ID-GBI 24-119
DETAILS:
1. Investigation predicated upon verbal report of Captain, 4675th Air Base Squadron, Hanscom AF Base, Bedford, Mass., who advised that on 24 July 1951 he had observed an unidentional object in flight over the town of Portsmouth, New Hampshire.

AT BEDFORD, MASSACHUSETTS
2. On 14 August 1951, the writer interviewed Captain 4675th Air Base Squadron, Hanscom AF Base. It was described that on 24 July 1951, this officer was driving north on U.S. Highway No. 1 towards the toll bridge at Portsmouth, New Hampshire. He was approximately one mile from the bridge when he observed an object about 3 to 5 miles distant and was headed in a northerly direction over the toll bridge leading into Portsmouth. The object was traveling at a speed of 800 to 1,000 m.p.h. The description given by Captain _____ is as follows:
A long cigar with a fin construction on one end, 100 to 200 feet in length; dark in color, the underside of which appeared lighter in color; it was traveling at an extremely high rate of speed, and was almost stationary, or appeared to be hovering. It appeared to be a dark silhouette in color. The entire surface was covered with black polish dots. There was no exhaust or vapor trail, excepting a swath resembling a very weak rainbow. There was no sound emanating from the object. It appeared to hover stationary for several seconds, then as if viewed from the side, it would tilt at an angle, and in the blink of an eye would disappear very quickly, as though it had gone into a clould bank.

He advised that he is familiar with the contents of AFOIR-CG-1 Letter, stating procedures laid down for reporting sighting of aircraft flying through military channels through Air Materiel Command.

Colonel ____, 4675th Air Base Squadron, Hanscom AF Base, was interviewed with regard to his observations surrounding SUBJECTS' report. He corroborated the facts as stated by Captain ____, and that he was a witness to the evening of 24 July 1951 and that he saw a long tubular object such as the one described by Captain ____, further stating that he could supply no more information as to the height and speed of the object in question. Informant's knowledge as to the range of the object with military aircraft is negligible and there is nothing in his background that would lend credence to his ability to accurately estimate height and speed of an exceptionally fast moving object.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
( ) DEC 23 1970