The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document with text describing a personal account of an incident involving the observation of unidentified objects in the sky.

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT OF: Private Frederic A. Finnegan

On July first 1952, I was working with an AN/APS-1 Radar set, in the Radar Area at Port Monmouth, New Jersey.

At approximately 3:20 A.M. I stepped out of the set (trailer) to go up the tower. As I looked up I saw planes maneuvering overhead, there were no blips on my radar scope to indicate their presence, but they were definitely there, and seemed to be playing around at such an altitude as to almost exceed the reach of the tower. This situation always attract my attention as I was trying to figure out what they were doing. After a moments observation. I resumed climbing the tower. When I reached the tower a friend of mine was already there, looking to the sky, many more down on the ground were beginning to get interested. He as I saw it, then pointed up to the air where I clearly observed a silvery cigarlike object high in the air, which I considered was definitely not a plane. It was slowly moving from right to left, for about 2 or 3 seconds, as I took my eyes off it I lost sight of it, my friend still had his eyes on it, I asked him to point it to me, using the edge of the antenna as a gun sight method, he did, and immediately I saw it. He was then of the opinion, that a peculiar stand-still. I am sure of that fact, because I still was watching it with the antenna, which was also still. After at least one (1) minute, this object started moving, slowly but smoothly, there was no jerk about it, I looked at it amazed, as I couldn't understand how a thing in a stand-still position could start moving, at first I had thought, it might have been a balloon. This motion towards the South, increased to an incredible velocity, I followed it as long as I could, but then lost it in the sky. The trajectory had a very slight curve to it. The sky was very clear, without any clouds.

One of the facts that made me positive this thing was unusual, is that as it started accelerating it path seem to bend at a extremely slight angle, from right to left.

UNCLASSIFIED