There does not appear to be a photograph in this document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a typed report, which I will now transcribe the text from:

UNCLASSIFIED IP-R9-52
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Unidentified Flying Objects
AREA COUNTRY: United States
DATE OF INFORMATION: 13 February 1952

REPORT BY: Robert E. Hillin, Captain, USAFR
Two Officers, Hq Air Resupply and Communications Service

SUMMARY: (Entire contents summarized in first and summary paragraphs. Line 1-4 of report by AF FORM 112-Part 1)

The following report was made by Captain Ellis M. Woodward, and Major Clifford G. Hoeller, pilot and co-pilot, respectively, of a MATS C-47 aircraft on a local flight from Andrews AFB, Washington, D.C.

a. Bright white object, with no sign of trailing streams of light, became or glowing of characteristics, that at one stage of flight was estimated to be 10 miles it appeared to be traveling at an altitude of 7500 to 8500 feet and seemed to be about 1/6 the size of the full moon. The object was observed to be moving very slowly for a moment but accelerated very rapidly and disappeared to the northwest.
b. Approximately 2 to 3 minutes later, when within 2 to 3 miles ESE of Washington the object appeared to hold its position for approximately 1 minute and then disappeared from sight almost immediately.

1952: The first sighting was made at approximately 2030 hours on 12 February 1952. The object was observed to be about 200 feet in diameter and seemed to come to a stop and then disappear. 

a. The object was observed visually by the two pilots who were flying a MATS C-47 (45936) aircraft at an altitude of 8000 feet.

b. The two observers were between Frederick Airport and Baltimore, Maryland and can be pinpointed on the map, the first time the object seemed to be 8 to 10 miles distant; the second time it seemed to be 15 to 20 miles away.

c. Both observers are experienced pilots with the Air Resupply and Communications Service. In addition, Captain Woodward is an Intelligence Officer.

f. There has been no report of any activity or condition, meteorological or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

g. No photographs were taken nor was any physical evidence obtained.

h. No interception or identification action was attempted.

APPROVED: