The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Subject - Twin objects sighted in White Plining, N. Y. 7/27/52
I found that there were three, not two as the report indicates. I'm not very happy to see however that the experience didn't leave me as quiet as I was in the early part of the evening. About 6 o'clock, on a quiet afternoon, the temperature being up in the 90's, no planes were flying. The children out playing in the neighborhood were away at camp. And the adults that were home were kept indoors due to the intense heat. So the conditions were perfect to see and hear every sound without any interference whatever.

In FIGURE III, as per the sketch, the twin objects took a sudden upswing and in this precisely depicted motion the most astounding features were observed. It was noticed that a third object seemed to come down in between the framework (which I now think was holding for beings aboard) and disappeared. It is now clear to me that these three objects seemed to be communicating between themselves, beings similar to ourselves. It was as though a door or a large one-way machine-like opening emerged in one of the trio after the others came near it. It was at this point that the object took this sudden upswing. A group of eight to ten people were observing this strange phenomenon. No motion picture was taken as suggested, for at the time it slipped my mind.

It has taken considerable courage for me to divulge this secret, but have no idea why, since I feel there is nothing to be ashamed of. I feel that the U.S. Government has engaged scientists to work in connection with this world-wide phenomena, who believe in keeping certain vital information from the public who have had the opportunity of seeing and hearing such astounding revelations. I understand the U.S. Government has engaged scientists to work in connection with the world-wide phenomena, so that the public in general can be properly informed as to who believes that the planets are inhabited, such as Dr. Walter Riedel and Dr. Maurice A. Biot.

Lancelot Hogben would be most interested in this voice feature. Would the Air Intelligence Service Chief check this letter?

The Editor of Club Dial, a monthly magazine put out by our Woman's Club Membership Closer to 900, of which I have been a member for the past twelve years has asked me to write an article on the "Saucers" I have sighted. I reluctantly decided your investigation who confined on my hand and may not allow me to write a word, except the "facts" on this station. I would not mention anything which the public is already for such a revelation.

Very truly yours
[Signature redacted]