There is one photograph mentioned in the document. It is described as a picture of clouds taken earlier that afternoon which, the reporter believes, shows one of the objects. The object is said to be partly hidden by cloud and is circled in pencil on the photograph.

Now, turning to the text reproduction from the image:

---
30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

Had been in the park for a couple of hours, taking some cloud pictures with a Agfa Kertt 2.8 and a green filter. Having used up the film in the camera I sat chatting with Miss A when I noticed a white sharply defined bar in a hole in the clouds which generally go over Point Dume via on-shore winds. Then others appeared and the second took off in line of sight and dwindled to nothing in under 3 seconds. Within 10 seconds it came back on same course and position. Taking off and stopping without eccle- and deceleration. Sketch on Page 6 shows cloud and interconnected holes in same. Others appeared simply appearing. Some disappeared and appeared in other locations at the same instant. Evidently this transit position laterally it to such speed that they became invisible whilst in stilling posi. Evidently having not interfered with what- ever the one taking off in line of sight gave a clue to their speed as used tran- 7 - 500 MPH. A speed related with but any time lag and lost the sense. At one time they formed a perfect diamond formation in vertical echelon around the object which appeared larger, round and not clearly defined. All this time some were winking out one place and winking on in another place. Finally they just, first a few, then one after another, winked off and were gone.

The second sighting was 11:30 PM. Walking home a long block I noted a bright object 3 diameters beneath the moon. Watched it until I entered my door. When I came out again, a few seconds later, with field glasses, it was gone. But there was a faint vapor streak going up at about 40° to the left.

A neighbor tells me she watched one a couple of months ago from her cottage in Topanga Canyon. Time: 2-4AM. It was evidently a closer sighting as her description only differs in that she claims that the corners were rounded. When hanging still it had a slight pendulous motion. But moved to other locations at slower speed but was pounce- or deceleration. Disappeared at times but came back within minutes. Total time about 2 hours.

Whilst my observation indicates simple maneuvers of group tectics and movements, hers indicate a survey of a limited location. My second sighting also could have been holding a position for observation.

At no time did any of the objects observed show any deviation from a perfectly horizontal position. Never the slightest banking or slant.

I append a picture of clouds taken earlier tht afternoon which, I believe, shows one of the objects. (circled in pencil.) Object evidently is partly hidden by cloud.

Their light was generated by them as they were between me and the sun. Showed no reflection. The one at night had a luminosity of ~2-3. Their brigh- ness was greater than that of the thin, sunlit, clouds.

Most remarkable, their sharp, rectangular definition. Like a cround metal bar.
