The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

The text in the document reads:

At the birds around here they are Nongus, pigeons and small birds and they are flapping the wings the same as the eagles who are just withwith the wind on straight wings without flapping. These birds seem to have the ability of locking their wings and floating. One of the birds that just a moment ago it flapped its wings every so often now just floats with wings extended as though it had no more control over the wings of what seemed to be for balance. Can now see the birds that has feathers falling off the edges of wings as it is lifted one wing to turn like this. It did not have a possibility to turn like this as of before. It did not have a lifting tail it is just floating and if no wind was blowing merely float without moving at all.

Some reckless people on the beach are watching the operation with wings flapping at the indent. To some it is most startling. They too will probably say it is unbelievable to see but I still should say they have a perfect right to say they see what they observe for this is all very strange and I am sorry not having a camera to prove it all but these poor old eyes have to record it all as a memory picture which is not the same as a photograph.

Now I wonder what did I really see? Did I see something nobody else saw? And I can hardly believe it myself. I watched the flying birds for about an hour and I found their maneuvers strange and I could not make out just what made them act so. The birds was from the earth without a "flop". The birds must have been at least a thousand feet and I have never seen birds that does not have to flap their wings against wind. I hope you will believe me as I am very interested in what is in the outer space and I would not want any to think that I saw anything unless it was of importance for the scientists or whoever is in charge of these divisions.

Sincerely,
[Signature]