AF FORM 112-PART II
(Rev. March 1, 1952)

[stamp: OFFICIAL USE ONLY]

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Wing Intelligence Office,
435th Troop Carrier Wing (M), MIA
Miami, Florida

[stamp: 2 of 3]

1. The DC-4 piloted by [redacted] and [redacted] was approaching Norfolk, Virginia, about six minutes (C-25 miles) out on the D.L. of the base, at 8,000 feet, when six saucers were first spotted over Hampton Roads or the city of Newport News, approaching the aircraft. At 8,000 feet, they had a 2,000 foot turn they reached a point under and slightly to the right of the DC-4. [redacted] who was in the righthand seat observed them roll up on edge and, not making a turn in unison, instantly shoot off on a heading of 200°, pulling back to a flat position. This change of direction was made with the suddenness of a bullet ricochetting off a stone and did not turn it is of the conventional S-tern a turn. Immediately after the change of direction two more of the discs appeared from behind and to the right of the DC-4 and joined the formation.

2. The speed of the discs was estimated at well over 1,500 mph. When first seen, they were flying on the top side with an intense otherwise light many times more brilliant than the lights of the cities below, and resembling a glowing, red-hot coal. Their diameter was approximately 150 ft. (estimated) and they appeared perfectly circular. They approached the DC-4 in a manner which produced, almost in trail, and appeared to decelerate just before changing direction. With the deceleration was noted a dimming of their intense glow, and immediately after changing direction and flattening out, the glow disappeared entirely. They reappeared en mass. [redacted] brilliantly then, and when gliding on a heading of 200°. Their glow was extinguished again, this time is supposed rather than simultaneously, and they were lost to view.

3. The following impressions were received by [redacted] and [redacted] and are of interest:

a. The saucers were in a controlled formation, and during deceleration for a change of direction they did not hold perfect formation, but some are not overran the leader. After the turn they were again in good formation.

b. The glow or light on the top surface was related to the power source, since in deceleration the light dimmed, and aparently brightened when power was again supplied.

c. Thickness of the objects was estimated at ten to fifteen feet by flash and at not enough to accomodate a man standing erect, by [redacted]

d. The objects did not respond to natural laws, and appeared weightless. They were not affected by gravity or momentum since they changed direction 150° without turning or coming to a stop.

e. No physical characteristics were noticeable except as already mentioned. The light on top of the saucers was internal and not projected, since it was not reflected off the DC-4.

f. The light did not pulse but was steady, and the objects were sharp-ly outlined. There was no corona or hazy periphery surrounding them. The disappearance was as if by rheostat, or reduction of power. They also went out of sight instantly and instantly reappeared.

DOWNGRADED
DECLASSIFIED

[redacted]