The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page contains a typed statement describing an observed unidentified aerial phenomenon that occurred on July 7, 1952 at 1030 hours in the morning. The statement is signed by Major Oscar T. Townsend of the Military Air Transport Service, Directorate of Maintenance Engineering.

STATEMENT

On 7 July 1952, the undersigned while on a duly authorized test flight in the vicinity of the U.S.A.F. Base, observed an aerial phenomenon which was seen in the pilot's seat, one in the rear cocopilot's seat, one in the navigator's seat, and one in the rear observer's seat. The objects were brilliant, silvery white in color, and approximately 30 to 40 feet in diameter. They were observed at an altitude of 6,000 MSL. and approximately a 3/4 mile heading when the undersigned saw a brilliant phenomenon. The objects remained in an erratic, hovering position for about 20 minutes. When first seen by this observer, the altitude was approximately 15,000 feet and the speed was in excess of 500 MPH. Later the speed reduced to about 100 MPH, hovering for a short period, and then went out of sight to the east. This phenomenon was observed by four officers in the aircraft.

In the resultant search, our aircraft traveling at a near 500 MPH could not catch these objects. Apparently they were able to accelerate to a tremendous speed. The brilliant flash, or flashes, were able to follow the cloud-type trail, and as observed later on the ground, the trail disappeared slowly, apparently due to the dissipation of the dust or particles suspended in the air.

It is the opinion of this observer that he saw a machine of a type far in advance of anything we now possess. Also, the distance from the objects to the aircraft at the nearest point was approximately 700 yards, and the possibility of its being anything else is not at all indicated in the mind of this observer. Also, the distance from the objects to the ground would tend to preclude the possibility of its being anything else. Also, the brilliance, the absence of trail, and the acceleration of the objects would tend to indicate that they were remotely controlled.

Oscar T. Townsend
Major, USAF Shops Division
Directorate of Maintenance Engineering