The image contains a photograph that appears to be a sketch or drawing of a "flying saucer" or unidentified flying object (UFO) sighted over the Bronx area of New York City. The headline states "17 'Saucers' Sighted In Sky Over Bronx".

The text in the document reads as follows:

City to Close 100 'Firetraps' in Bronx
Hundreds of Bronx dwellings, called "firetraps", will be closed by the Bureau of Housing Inspection, it was revealed yesterday. As a result, an estimated 500 families will be affected. Louis C. Guaraldi, Housing Inspection Chief, said the department was able to obtain warrants to close the buildings, many of which did not have proper fire escapes and other essential equipment. In addition, the dwellings were overcrowded and in an extremely poor condition.

17 'Saucers' Sighted In Sky Over Bronx
Harry Swartz, 21, who owns a home at 3220 Decatur Ave., the Bronx, told the Park police he spotted 17 "flying saucers" in the sky over the Bronx on July 23. "They might appear to be just another 'flying saucer'," he said. "But 17 of them, all in a bunch, really made me sit up and take notice." Swartz said the objects were visible for about 20 minutes. At first they appeared to be about the size of a dime at arm's length and then grew larger as they moved away. Swartz said the objects made no noise and seemed to be moving at a high rate of speed. Police are continuing their investigation.

City Acts To Relieve Traffic Snarl
The Traffic Department today gave notice that Pelham Pkwy., N. and Bronx Park East, and Bronx Park East will be closed to traffic from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. tomorrow. This is being done to permit the closing of gaps in the medial strip. Traffic Commissioner George E. Speck said this will be continued daily until the work is completed. He said this was one of the urgent actions taken to alleviate the traffic congestion in the northeast Bronx area.

Boy Held Without Bail Shooting of Boy Friend and Brother Accused
William J. Samuels, 19, of 3257 Sedgwick Ave., the Bronx, accused of shooting and wounding his boy friend and the boy's brother, was held without bail for the Grand Jury yesterday by Magistrate Louis J. Burger in the Bronx Traffic Court.