The image appears to contain a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: Lt (A), 312th Trp Carr Gp (M)    Y 101 

ON October 27th, 1952, while on a routine air lift mission C-119 #151 62nd Troop Carrier Squadron, 314th Troop Carrier Wing observed an unidentified object in the sky approximately 15 miles southeast of K-3. The aircraft was flying VFR at 9,000 feet on a heading of 180 degrees. 

The object was sighted directly to the left and slightly below the C-119, at an estimated air speed of 500 knots.

It was described as being a very bright, white light, having no visible form or characteristics. According to another member of the crew, the light "flared" according to another member of the crew. All testified that it was not a recognized aircraft, and that it appeared to be an unusual concentration of light.

After being under observation for 4-5 minutes by all members of the crew, the object made a sudden ascent to an estimated altitude of 44,000 to 48,000 feet. The weather at this point was clear, with this broken cloud cover of 7,000 to 10,000 feet. The object was observed for a total of approximately 10 minutes.

After reaching this high altitude, the object started a number of gyrations, changing altitude and direction very rapidly, but still remaining to the left of the aircraft.

Five minutes out of CIA intersection (FN 5097) a similar object was seen off the right of the aircraft.

This, too, appeared as a bright, white light. It seemed to be closer to the aircraft and observed to change course abruptly at high speed. Both objects were observed by the crew, one to the left of the aircraft, and one to the right.

after this second sighting, the aircraft turned to a heading of 130 degrees and lost all visual contact with the unidentified objects. During the entire observation, the only change in the C-119 was a slight loss of altitude from 9,000 to 8,500 feet (d-1). At no time, during the entire observation did the second object undergo any observable change in light intensity or shape.

The second object was last seen in the vicinity of Brady AB, FN 3230. The pilot and other crew members discussed any theory that the lights could have resulted from a pocket reflection or flight. It is thought to occur some distance from the aircraft and to have been beyond any atmosphere through which the lights could have passed to minimize the possibility of any other explanation.