The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed page from a Project Blue Book document describing several unidentified flying object sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

A number of other publicized cases listed as "Unknown" were in all probability balloons. Since a probability, however good, is not the same as certainty, fact, these sightings remain in the "Unknown" category. The identification of the real nature of such sightings is reasonably certain. Such a case was that near Hermanas, New Mexico, which, like that a few weeks earlier at Hamilton Air Force Base, may have been stimulated by the 1952 saucer panic in Washington (Chapter VI).

On August 24, 1952, an Air Force Colonel was flying from California to his home in an F-84 jet plane at an air speed of about 450 miles an hour. At 10:15 (A.M. M.S.T.), when near Hermanas, New Mexico, he observed two round, silvery objects about 25 feet in diameter, flying at his level and keeping pace with him. At this speed, they showed no trail or exhaust. During the three minutes they were in view, one object suddenly began a right turn while the second accelerated rapidly; they changed in shape and in color, becoming elongated and gray, and then disappeared. A few minutes later over El Paso, Texas, he saw two similar silvery objects, also traveling at great speed. During the ten minutes they were in view, one object seemed to climb straight up for some 20 to 30 feet, followed immediately by the second one. Assuming that the same pair of objects was involved in both sightings, the observer concluded that they were glowing rather than any plane, and reported the incident.

The behavior described is typical of that of balloons. Rising into a new wind current, they may move rapidly and change their orientation so that they look sausage-shaped instead of round; reflecting the sun as a different angle, they look gray rather than silver. Investigators checked with Biggs Air Force Base, White Sands, and El Paso International Airport, both White Sands and El Paso had released weather balloons at 8:00 that morning which had traveled in the direction of Hermanas. Since no single recorded balloon could account for the sighting, it has been listed as Unknown I.

Where-weather balloons might well have traveled into the area. The Investigators apparently accepted the pilot's assumption that the objects were identified and were therefore traveling at incredible speed, yet there was no evidence to support the assumption. It is far more probable that he was observing two sets of objects, not one. The estimates of size, distance, and speed made at the time are clearly at variance with the known performance and appearance of weather balloons. The report details suggest that the objects seemed to be above or below the known drift of the observed balloons. Another possibility is that they were fragments from the balloons that had burst - the observer was looking into the sun and could have misinterpreted fragments. But the explanation of this incident remains unknown - the evidence is too meager to provide a firm conclusion.