Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

OCR output:

STATEMENT

My name is Lieutenant Colonel, USAF, a military pilot (emergency rating) with approximately 1500 hours of flying time. I am presently employed as an -in the

as Assistant-on July 29, 1952, at approximately 2230 hours, Mountain Standard Time, on Tuesday, I stepped into the front yard of my house located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and observed a phenomenon which I am unable to positively identify.
Continued observation during the ensuing two to three minutes produced the following result:

DETAIL: The image held steady on a bearing of approximately 225 degrees from my position, and remained in that stationary condition for approximately 1 to 2 minutes, making exact determination of bearing difficult. The bearing was approximately 230 to 235 degrees from my position. Five to seven minutes later the image departed in a westerly direction at a speed far in excess of any conventional type of aircraft, as far as I am aware. Its speed was such that it disappeared from my line of vision almost immediately.

ELEVATION: The image held steady throughout the sighting at an elevation of approximately 20 to 45 degrees above the horizon.

SIGNAL: When originally sighted the image had a horizontal axis of a length which, it appeared to me, was 2 to 3 times the size of a medium-sized aircraft. This axis seemed to be under mechanical control, as it would shift from a horizontal to a vertical position, and back again, several times during the sighting. I could not judge the absolute size over land, nor its distance from me with any degree of accuracy.

SPECIAL MANEUVER: When the image departed, it appeared to be falling or descending rapidly to a flattened elliptical eclipse, slightly distorted or elongated (perhaps by low speed would cloud) in the air. Its speed at this time was faster than any aircraft I have ever observed. The object disappeared rapidly and was out of sight almost immediately. The entire duration of the sighting was approximately 15 seconds after this change had taken place. No sound was heard throughout the sighting, indicating that if it was an aircraft, it was operating without engines...