There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Subj: The discovery and preliminary investigation of a stone-like object, which apparently fell from the air near Washington, D.C.

1. Dr. McBurney said that he had seen many meteorites and that, in his opinion, the object was not a meteorite.

2. Dr. Insley turned the object over to Mr. McMurrie for an analysis of its chemical composition. It was found that the object might have come from the air, so that they would need to be influenced in their examination.

3. That afternoon I returned, alone, to the area where the object had been found. I spent about an hour and a half searching in a direction that he had traversed, and found nothing during our search on the previous day, covered, about thirty feet from the finding-spot of the object, a smashed and fallen dead grassropper, some 9 inches long, which had broken from the jagged stump, lay on the ground. Apparently, some finding-spot of the object. Its structure was more at right angles and no one side looked as though it had been sheared by a blast object. I have had considerable experience in cutting trees, on and near my Virginia, forested places, and I know that the upper part of a small, dead tree is very frequently fallen. About sixteen feet long, it lay apparently where it had tumbled upon the main branches and twigs, although the main broken parts of the crown are all gone, with the exception of a very small broken limb. The bole of this crown, was very small, slender, and appeared to have been broken off by the falling tree. A small piece appeared to have been broken off quickly, and sharp, and fresh appeared the break.

4. The next day I telephoned the U. S. Forest Service, and talked with a Mr. Everett H. Closter, forester, who has had long experience in forestry and logging operations, including operotions with the Tennessee Lumber Company (the largest in the world) and years in the National Forests of Virginia. I described the situation in detail, and he said that, in his opinion, the object which I had found was not anything unusual, but merely "a piece of a broken tree branch, the result of a windstorm or some other natural cause." He said that such branches do frequently fall to the ground, unnoticed, and that the circumstances which I had described were entirely normal and commonplace.