There does not appear to be any photograph in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text describing details of a UFO sighting.

Here is the text output from the document:

STATEMENT

1. Henry S. Anthony Jr., Captain, AO 207992, assigned to the 66th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, based at Ladd AFB, Fairbanks, Alaska, am a fighter pilot.

On 21 July 1952 while over the Bering Sea, at approximately 39,000 feet, I was engaged in a routine instrument training flight. At approximately 1300 hours I picked up a radar target 18,000 yards to the rear. This target was closing in at a rapidly increasing rate, and reached a position of approximately 12,000 yards from my aircraft in a matter of seconds. The closing speed was estimated to be over 1,000 miles per hour. As the target closed to within 5,000 yards, I turned to engage it. However, at this point the target made a sharp, instantaneous turn, and fled at a speed that was estimated to be over 1,500 miles per hour. The aircraft actually seemed to quiver in the air from the sudden change of speed. I was unable to get any radar lock on the target, and it was lost to me in a matter of seconds when it disappeared off my scope at a distance of over 20 miles.

The second similar target was picked up at 2137 in the same area at approximately 16,000 feet. This target was closing in on me at a very rapid rate. This range was steadily decreased from 12,000 yards to within 3,000 yards before the target suddenly reversed its course and fled at a speed which was obviously many times the speed of sound. It left an abrupt vapor trail as seen on the pilot's scope.

Instrument readings during the encounter showed a 3500 knot run - another target was on a collision course at 5,000 yards - the first target had been 3,500 yards at its closest point. As that first target departed I was certain it was tracking at an angle of 30 to 45 degrees. At that range the angular speed was so great it was difficult to get an accurate reading, but the target had decreased its distance from me by half in a matter of approximately 10 seconds. The aircrafts seemed to literally "fall off the scope."

As a final point, the target sights visualiy by the crew, although estimated, confirm the radar readings. The crew, Lieutenant Commander John J. Hoy and Lieutenant Donald G. Holcomb, were quite as astonished as I by the phenomenal performance and appearance of these targets.

/s/ Henry S. Anthony Jr.
HENRY S. ANTHONY JR. 
Captain
Fighter Pilot USAF

A CERTIFIED TRUE COPY:

GEORGE J. FLAUMAGAN