There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Output of the Text:

```
CASE __7___

29 July 1952						Osceola, Wisconsin

			Numerous unidentified flying objects of undetermined size or shape were sighted by
ground electronic means between 0130S and 0230S (lasting 1 hour) on 29 July 1952 by
members of a radar unit located near Osceola, Wisconsin, who were on duty. Size of the
blips which constituted the sightings were normal with the exception of one large well-
defined target, speed of this target was 600 knots as computed on the radar scope set
on the fifty nautical mile range. The remainder of the sightings were individual sight-
ings having multiple targets, up to ten, appearing in a loose cluster on the radar scope,
speed of these targets was fifty to sixty knots as computed on the radar scope set on
the fifty nautical mile range. The only possible formation noted during the entire
sighting period was during one or two of the sightings which consisted of multiple
targets when two or three of these targets might possibly have been moving in a loose
formation. All targets suddenly appeared on the radar scope and after having traveled
between thirty and seventy nautical miles would just as suddenly disappear. Targets
did not appear on the height indicator due to anomalous propagation. Targets followed
a general pattern of appearing on the radar scope SW of the sighting station and pro-
ceeding E until disappearing. There was a continual overlapping of patterns on the
radar scope; a new pattern would have appeared before the old pattern would have
disappeared. In the sightings which consisted of multiple targets, with the exception of
possible formation movement, targets progressed across the radar scope, until disappear-
ing, independently of each other in regard to track and heading with some targets making
a turning course. There was some correlation between these electronic sightings and
visual sightings made by a pilot who was scrambled in conjunction with the radar
sightings. This correlation placed both types of sightings in the same area at the
same time. Pilot estimated height of objects he visually saw at 12,500’. Sighting 
station was specifically searching for possible unidentifiable flying objects at time
```