The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed page from a Project Blue Book report, discussing the use of visual and audio observations, as well as technical intelligence, in studying unidentified aerial objects.

The text reads:

Only as a last and temporary resort do we use the report of an untrained non-technical person's visual observation of a complicated aerial object, especially if the information is volunteered.

4. It is of significance to note that an inquiry of technical employees of U.S. airplanes plants disclosed that they could not give complete and reliable descriptions of the technical aspects of their own plants with complete accuracy. Likewise, the Air Force long ago eliminated its observers rating for crew members, supplanting these visual and audio observation duties with photographic and electronic recording devices. Any plan to determine if any UAO's are of foreign origin will require full use of measuring and recording instruments.

5. Because it is almost a physical to obtain technical intelligence from voluntary verbal reports of non-technical observers, ATIC proposes that the receipt and analysis of such reports by the USAF be discontinued in the future. Our evaluation of the enormous amount of correspondence and reports received over the past five years demonstrates that there is extremely little technical intelligence to be obtained from these voluntary sources. The plan which ATIC presents to you might be best described in this single phrase as "an urge to discontinuance".

6. Basically, any moving light source is either the result of (1) air expenditure of energy, e.g., an aircraft, missile, meteor, ionized clouds, etc., or (2) the reflection of light from another source, e.g., the sun, moon, etc. In the past, objects reflecting light from another source have been identified and eliminated from consideration only by tedious and expensive investigation and analyses by ATIC and other Defense Dept. agencies.

7. By application of the known basic laws of science, any aerial object which a foreign power might fly over the United States will require dissipation of energy. It should, therefore, be possible to detect the presence of such an object by the use of electronic, infra-red and nuclear instruments, and to record its flight path and/or appearance by the use of a camera, especially if the camera used in conjunction with a