The image does not appear to contain a photograph. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, describing a UFO sighting in Florence, South Carolina on November 16, 1952.

Text extracted from the document:

Page 4. Data for Air Project to accompany 8 mm film of unidentified aerial objects taken near Land_mm, S. C. Nov. 16, 1952.

I remember reading the Charlotte Observer the next day, Nov. 17, 1952, at which time the same objects were sighted over Anderson, S.C. and Marion. The article went on to say they were sighted over the two places at exactly the same time we saw them, Sunday, Nov. 16, 1952, at 5:15 p.m. and that the switchboards were swamped with inquiries and that upon checking the various service bases no planes were in the air at that time.

Trust the above is about what you want. Will get this off the mail special delivery.

All my love to a and a.

As ever,

Copy of two items in the Charlotte Observer, Nov. 17, 1952:

Page 1, lower right corner:
Big Saucer over Marion
Marion, S.C. Nov. 16. Chief of police at Nichols, near here, said tonight he had received more than a score of telephone calls from people seeking information about an unidentified object sighted in the sky west of Nichols this afternoon. The chief said information indicated the object was silver in color, about twice the size of a house, was whirling and sailing at an angle.

Flying Saucer Spotted in Florence, S.C. Area
Florence, S.C. Nov. 16. AP. It's flying saucer time again and followers of that craze apparently have a couple of hundred converts yesterday, including an official of the CAA station. Shortly after 5 o'clock this afternoon, a shiny object was reported in the skies west of Florence. It slowly circled to the southwest and then disappeared. Telephones at the Florence Morning News were flooded with calls. So were those at the U.S. Weather Bureau station and the CAA offices at the Municipal airport.

The aircraft communicator for the CAA for 11 years, and a licensed pilot, said the object was "just like anything I have ever seen." He said that when he first saw the object it was in the west at about 10,000 feet and that it slowly reversed to the southwest before disappearing. He added that he watched it for six minutes which dispelled an earlier thought that it was a jet aircraft or even a magnesium flare such as the type used by aircraft in target practice. "It lasted too long and moved too slowly," he said.

The CAA official described the object as glowing extremely brightly and likened its shape to a saucer tilted at an angle of about 30 degrees with a thin edge down and heavier lip up. He said he heard no sound and saw no smoke.