There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
1414TH AIR BASE GROUP, MATS
APO 616, C/O POSTMASTER
NEW YORK, NEW YORK

21 April 1952

SUBJECT: Report Upon Sighting of "So-called" Flying Saucer

TO: Director of Intelligence
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

PLACE: Dhahran, Saudi Arabia
DATE: 19 April 1952
TIME: 2355 local daylight saving (3620 Z)
WEATHER CONDITIONS: Light, cloudless skies, maximum visibility, no moon but starlight.

1. While receiving a close on any object for an aide-memoire noted in the far distance in the general south-southwest area of 150 degrees where, appearing and disappearing at intervals, a glowing object of a bluish tint, which are commonly seen in this area of the world, my next instant perception was that this object exhibited motion in all directions with considerable velocity and at a constant course. It maintained a constant altitude and on approaching the area made a sharp ninety degree turn, reversing its course, and in doing so was accentuated by the fact that despite glowing appearance, the object seemed directly toward us and by the fact that it silently approached my estimated limit of visual acuity, approximately 3 miles, where it again reversed its course at a sharp ninety degree angle. The speed was so great that I could not follow exactly from the object and back again; my eyes were immediately dazzled. The object approached, receded, approached again, and receded almost in an instant with a glowing brilliance.

2. I promptly concluded that this display of speed and maneuverability far exceeded any of the presently known aircraft and that the object and its operation were completely foreign to my experience. I was positively convinced that it was not an aircraft of any conventional type, for it was in complete violation of the laws of aerodynamics as they are now understood. The motion of the object was so rapid that it was impossible to determine its exact direction of flight, but I was able to establish that it was in the general direction indicated above.

3. As a result of this observation, I estimate the speed of the object to have been somewhere in excess of 3,000 miles per hour.

UNCLASSIFIED
752-10515