The image contains an Air Intelligence Information Report, but there is no photograph present in this particular page.

Transcribed text from the document:

BRAZIL
Aerial airplane: A spoke to it, it collested "Look out what is that". Are other pilots who saw this to what they believed to be some kind of fast flying device, moving at a high rate of speed, which came nearer to the earth. It seem to refuse to take speed as we did. The subject aircraft photographed could not hold the speed of our airplanes. Its movements were such as to be completely out of the ordinary in regards to the maneuvers it performed. I must admit I almost couldn't believe my eyes. It seemed to be a definite flying object of unconventional configuration and performance. We are submitting this report on a confidential basis because of the nature of the incident. There are some implications involved here that would require further investigation. That we had seen something must be considered in the light of the fact that professional pilots of recognized standind who have had a great deal of experience, were quite disturbed at what they saw. We cannot be sure about these two details, although I must admit and recognize the possibility that it may have been some new and unconventional type of aircraft. Without further identification, it might be identified as possibly an unusual type of aerial device, which was operating in the area where we were flying.
We did not hear any sound. It seemed to be about the size of a transport airplane, judging by its silhouette against the sky as it appeared for a brief moment. When it suddenly fell off, it was moving like a bat, with a very fast motion and giving the impression it was avoiding us.
As we could not be sure about these two details, I must admit and recognize the possibility that it may have been some new and unconventional type of aircraft. Without further identification, it might be identified as possibly an unusual type of aerial device, which was operating in the area where we were flying.

UNCLASSIFIED