The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
2B-4092-52
3900 Newark Street, N.W.
Washington 17, D.C.
Regarding flying objects sighted near Las Vegas, Nevada:
On July 8, 1952, a number of people observed a cigar-shaped object flying over the ground in Las Vegas, Nevada. 
The object was white, showed like a long or cigar-shaped object, and gave the impression of rotating or oscillating. It was sighted from the ground in Las Vegas, Nevada.
As the object first sighted, the objects were over the city of Las Vegas, moving eastward. As they disappeared they gradually ascended and moved out of sight.
At Las Vegas, Nevada, on July 8, 1952, it was reported:
a. City police received numerous telephone calls from citizens reporting a strange aerial object in the sky over Las Vegas.
b. Width of object was estimated to be about 100 feet long. Elevation up to 12,000 feet. Speed up to 600 to 700 mph.
The object was tracked by radar at Las Vegas and it showed a maximum speed of 1700 mph and an altitude of 20,000 feet. It was observed at one point near 12,000 feet altitude.
Some information was received from Nellis AFB, Las Vegas, Nevada, who submitted the information to this command via telephone.
No photographs of the object sighted were obtained.
No interception or other action was reported.
1. Citizens of Las Vegas, Nevada, should be familiar with the appearance of jet aircraft, inasmuch as Nellis AFB, Las Vegas, is the home of the Air Force Gunnery and Guided Missile Schools. Sighting of various types of aerial objects is common in the Las Vegas area. However, the appearance of the object sighted on July 8, 1952 was not typical of known aircraft. The object's speed, maneuverability, and appearance were such that it could have been anything airborne from a satellite to an extraterrestrial vehicle. The incident is considered of such significance that project BLUE BOOK considers it to be one of the more interesting sightings of 1952.
2. Confirmation probably was transmitted through Los Angeles Air Defense Filter Center to March Field, California (Riverside), who in turn notified the Fourth Air Force (San Bernardino).
UNCLASSIFIED