There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a typed text report describing an unidentified aerial phenomenon sighting.

Group Number 3. was very similar to that of Number 2- although it was the time of appearance for this group of lights was approximately 18:30 hours.

The lights in this group were maneuvering in a pattern similar to that of Number 2 and they appeared to be at an altitude estimated to be about 20,000 feet.

The visual acuity of this group was good, and the observer stated that the shape of the lights was round, and he could not determine any structure like wings or fuselage. When this group passed overhead, no sound could be detected.

At exactly 12:45 All September 15, 1952- there suddenly appeared in the sky an object which was travelling at an extremely high speed, and it disappeared in a few seconds.

This particular group of unidentified illuminated bodies was travelling in a straight and level course, and it was in the northwest direction. It came from the northeast and disappeared in that direction. The duration of this group was approximately 10 minutes.

The sighting of all the physical balls or luminous lights were in even order. The size of the objects would be about one-half the size of the moon, would be about the size of a basketball, and the color was yellowish-white.

The high speed illumination that was observed was lights in a row. This appeared to be high altitude and great speed. The estimated speed was between 600 and 800 miles per hour. The duration of this sighting was only for a few seconds.

Due to the fact that of all the displays observed during this period of observation, there were almost identical, following each other in a definite sequence and timing. It is difficult to give these lights anything other than some kind of ordered or controlled a maneuver, which had not been explained to this date, and which the observer did not believe to be any of the normal celestial or man-made objects.