There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a written report.

UNCLASS:S
PLYOHPT 18 December 1952

1. Object sited was a light, comparafle Ln size, intensity and color to a large star. Its duration was dynamic In size or shall or multiple or irregular variation was only a few seconds, no approximation can be made since the duration of the light drawn the observation cannot be accurately established.

2. Time of sighting was from 17/0555Z to 17/0615Z (local time 1555 hrs. to 1615 hrs. on the 17th of Dec.) with intermittent disappearance.

3. Observation was visual from the ground, no optical or electronic equipment was used.

4. See attached map with legend for approximate movement of light should be fairly accurate, however, since distances to not shown it is not known if the observed directions of light are correct.

5. The following is the 1947 74th Air Rescue Sqdn. (on outside guard duty at 74th Air Rescue Sqdn.) was the first to observe the light. He states that he has seen it on this theater 5 months and its characteristics varied. He states at times it appears to be several objects maneuvering close together and at other times it appears as one object. The appearance and disappearance is irregular and rate reliability.

A/1c RICHARD J. ROACH, 74th Air Rescue Sqdn (on inside guard duty) was shown it by 1st Lt. OAKLEY and Cpl. WALLEY. He states that it was a bright light moving at high speed, and that he has had previous experience with unidentified flying objects and no evaluation can be made as to its reporting reliability.

1st Lt. DERHY P. OAKLEY, 74th Air Rescue Sqdn. (on duty as duty controller) was shown it by the above enlisted men and observed it for almost an hour. Since Lt. OAKLEY has been in this theater 22 months and from his experience in flying he should be a qualified person to report such observations. However, since he observed the object only a short duration he does not have too much to report.