There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image appears to be a typed text document.

1. In the spring of 1952 it became evident that the number of unidentified aerial objects, could not possibly handle all the vast number of reports from volunteer observers. After several conferences of the Center to the Chief of the Center submitted by letter to the D/I a plan to increase the scope of operations. On 5 June, the Deputy Director for Estimates replied to ATIC's proposal stating, in part:

"It is generally agreed that some expansion of effort is called for at this time. An additional group of technical specialists would be excellent for the purpose of providing guidance to the working level, and as close liason with the public is to be improved further ATIC effort by utilizing the contractor to attempt to resolve the responssibilities."

2. On receipt of this directive, ATIC began consideration of plans to implement it. Dr. Von Karman was invited to assist, and designated Dr. Joseph Kaplan as his representative. These plans were presented to Dr. Kaplan on his arrival at ATIC ten days ago. Following this, ATIC conferred with other private and Air Force agencies whose collaboration is needed. The advice of these experts, and recognition of the problem of coping with the recent very large increase in voluntary reports of sightings, enable us to present to you at this time a workable plan for future operations.

3. I would like to preface this plan with a brief reference to ATIC intelligence procedures. The mission of our Center is to prevent technological surprise by air. Our interest in UAC's is based on the fact that they can be of foreign origin. We must then determine identifying their characteristics and performance.

When we encounter identifiable aerial objects, for example, how types of foreign aircraft missiles, we attempt to obtain their configuration, performance, characteristics by measuring and recording devices, if possible, especially if we cannot get close enough to inspect/penetrate in detail. Reliable data is essential.