There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Brazil AR - 75 - 56

The Acting Air Attache was informed that copies of all air photographs would be furnished after publication.

COMMENTS OF REPORTING OFFICER:

It is a fact that there is a strong possibility that the photographs referred to in the previous paragraph will never be made available. This is due to the fact that the type of photographs described would be considered a military secret and could not be published. The photographs referred to would have been taken by a photographer assigned to take pictures of the object at the time of sighting. The fact that they have not been made available indicates that people are more disturbed than verified, the identity of the object which was observed.

The following is a translation of the reporter's story published in no cruzeiro:

PHOTO PUBLISHED IN "O CRUZEIRO": The object remained stationary in the sky for about 10 minutes and then suddenly disappeared. It did not resemble any known aircraft, and its disappearance occurred in an unusual manner.

TO CONCLUDE:

It was 12:47 p.m. Wednesday, 29 April, this afternoon. We had definitely cleared the aircraft and had taken a few pictures of it. As we were preparing to return, it came back again and hovered above our plant. It appeared to be metallic and was shaped like an elongated disc. It was a little larger than a DC-3 and remained stationary until 1:00 PM. We tried to take some pictures, but the light was poor and the time too short. It then vanished into the clouds and could not be seen again.

We arrived more or less at 1:00 PM. We chased the little fellow until 1:45 PM. We had something like that to do. It did not seem to be a very high speed. The object was moving very slowly and seemed to be controlled with extreme precision. Every five minutes it made a change in altitude and direction that was amazing. While we were enjoying a delicious dish of evening, it came up again and amused us with a few minutes of maneuvers. We left it there. As we did not have any other clues, and also because the weather was so threatening that we had to leave, we gave up. Therefore, continuing the observation would have been impossible.

And something did happen. Something that I cannot say with absolute certainty. At the moment of the sighting, compasses, radio and electrical equipment in the plant were affected in a manner that made it evident that the object was the cause of the disturbance. At that distance, the object was similar to an metallic disc enlarged by the atmosphere. The luminous glow, however, seemed to be an integral part of the object. From the ocean in the direction of the earth, particularly to the north, the object appeared to emerge.

UNCLASSIFIED