The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed report on an unidentified aerial object.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT

Date: May 13, 1952
Place: National City, Calif.
Time: Approximately 9:15-10:15 Pacific Daylight time

I had put my car in the garage and as is my habit, I stepped in the driveway to look at the stars. As I concentrated my attention on the constellation Ursa Major, I saw what I thought was the trail of a large meteor appear. It was of a reddish color and appeared to be coming down at about an angle of 20 degrees to my line of sight and in a southwesterly direction. Only the red trail was visible for about two seconds with a small white glow at the end from which the trail was emanating. The speed appeared to be meteoric and as I watched, the object began to diminish in size, being visible for about two more seconds. I'd estimate the total time the object was visible was not more than five seconds.

By this time the white object had an apparent diameter of about 1/8 of a 1/3 in. The speed appeared to be decreasing and I noted a certain erratic quality to the flight of the object, which here and there appeared to have a slight flickering or "rocking" star.

As soon as the trail faded I was convinced that the object could not be a meteor, for it had solid body characteristics and did not leave a trail of sparks or the telltale sign that children were making. It was necessary for me to wait before I drew any conclusions, for estimating that after the trail faded, another 10 seconds must have elapsed before the object had attained a level flight.

I speak of the fluorescent quality of the light emitted by the object, as opposed to the incandescent quality of the lights of aircraft. There were no rays radiating from it as are apparent around the intensely brilliant light of a searchlight type.

The leveling-off process of the object seemed to require several miles of altitude gain. This would indicate that the radius of the curve must have been several miles. I had not my wife back into the house to obtain her power binoculars in order that I might see the object more clearly. When the encounter first began the object was flying level of, I would guess, a course of 210 degrees. There were no contrails or vapor trails such as are normally left by aircraft and the flight path was at no time erratic or jerky. Its speed at this time appeared to be within the sphere of about 1/16 inch diameter. The fluorescope was of a whitish color casting downward a fluorescent glow rather than the familiar cone of light through which I believe may be attributed to the change in altitude. The size of the known fluorescent area was not apparent to me at the time.