This page does not contain a photograph.

---

I think I'd like to go back to the point of the profit in
this thing perhaps being a measurement first, an adequate
measurement that can go to science. Reports of the same
kind that we've been getting except for this additional
mechanical asset or opportunity called the radar have been
going on since the Bible times. Now, the radar gives an
additional opportunity to observe something about that, but
it still doesn't measure it with the kind of precision that is
needed to put it into analysis.

THE PRESS: Are you getting something to do that?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: We have some hope with a
camera that has on the front of it a -- will you describe what
that --

CAPTAIN JAMES: It has a de-fraction grid.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes, a de-fraction grid on
the front of it that will be useful against lights because
through that de-fraction you'll be able to say, from what
substance was this light made? What gases were burning? Was
it gas? Was it incandescence? and so forth. Now, those
cameras -- the lens is about a $15 item, or this grid is,
and the camera is about a $15 item. We have on order a small
quantity, two hundred plus of those. We hope to be able to
distribute those into the hands of people who might have
opportunity. Now, with the great diversity of people who
report it's not too easy to put your finger on who has the
highest opportunity to report, into whose hands such a device
should go, but we think we may learn who might be the most
optimum reporters. A great volume of these cameras to scatter
around to try through the shotgun approach to get reports
doesn't look like too valuable a project but that is one way
of trying to measure what these lights are.

THE PRESS: For what purpose -- they have had
similar gadgets before, I mean, to measure or to determine
the origin of what generates the light. Is this a new type?

CAPTAIN JAMES: The grid is.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: It's not new except that it
hasn't been aimed specifically at these items or focused on
these items as far as we know.

THE PRESS: General, the Captain mentioned a moment
ago or had the thought that when there is temperature inversion