There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

either the ATIC files or in your TRUE article. (At this moment I do 
not have either of them here in my office, while I am discussing, and 
some of the quotations I may make you may be erroneous.) But
it was never clear to me, until now, although perhaps it should have 
been, that we saw the object out of the upper window. I do not recall
with you, however, that you should have been relieved from the neces­
sity of checking on reflection, from motion, of which you are at least
mentioning. These are the interesting facts that not only
clearly valuable data are lost and irretrievable, but they 
know what you remember was not what we know now with
that the brilliant objects we saw were none of your reflections. To my
astonishment, your comment has been established from real others. They 
look like, move like, and have the basic characteristics of real objects. 
Except where you say the reflection is rather more detail than the ob­
ject itself. This, I think, is likely to have a hasty, transparent quality, 
but at critical stage I think you are bound to elaborate further as 
to why this could not have been a reflection from some bright object
exterior the light incident on the windshield. This, I have been trying to
find out one further point and thus far have had no direct answer.
Although I have a definite impression that the position of a L.G.M. I am not sure 
whether the side windows are vertical or not. I have the impression
that they are all inclined, so that the lower edge is further from the 
center of the cockpit than the upper.

I have already taken much too long on this letter. But, 
you see, I am trying to be thorough and diligent. Will you please give me 
again, if you will, the bearing of your craft at the time of the sighting
and its ground air speed. Will you please indicate where bearing on
which you first saw these objects and the angular attitude below or
above the horizon. Will you please indicate which window you saw
these from initially. Will you please indicate which window you were 
looking through during your visual observation. Will you then
indicate what window you saw these disappear from, and where you 
were situated in the cockpit. Will you indicate the bearing on which 
they disappeared. Were they higher and higher and higher and higher 
bigger and bigger as they came in and smaller and smaller as they 
disappeared. You have placed a great deal on their lighting so edge
but I am still not quite clear as to what happened at the end of the 
flight, or the beginning.

I should like to have an objective statement from you
since you emphasize this point. Will you tell me if you were a be­
liever in flying saucers prior to this sighting? At what time did you 
change your opinion if you were not? Were you 
actually looking for flying saucers and discussing them with
me shortly before you made your observation? Does that ...[redacted]