The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting on July 19, 1952 over several locations, including Jacksonville, Florida, Washington D.C., and Philadelphia. The text describes the details of the sighting, including that the object was observed at around 8:15 PM, was visible for approximately 10 minutes, and rapidly changed direction and disappeared. The letter is from Colonel Donald L. Bower to discuss this incident as part of Project Blue Book.

NATIONAL AIRLINES
Affiliate of the STATES

Thomas Ineson Airport
Jacksonville, Florida
July 18, 1952

Colonel Donald L. Bower, USAF
Chief, Technical Analysis Division 
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Re: Project Blue Book

Dear Sir:

In reply to your telegram of July 16, 1952, the Air Operations Office has a July 16, 1952 report for Operating National Airlines flight #42 of July 10, 1952.

The above crew boarded the airplane at Jacksonville, Florida, making a stop at Savannah, Georgia, then continuing to Washington, D.C. - Baltimore, Maryland and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

"On the night of July 19, 1952 at 8:15, National Airlines flight #42 with a crew of 5 and 55 passengers on board was approaching Washington, D.C. - Baltimore, Maryland intersection. A strange light caught our attention. At first it was thought it was a landing light on an approaching aircraft, but soon distinguished this as it did not appear to be any ordinary lighting.

The light was very bright, moving erratically, and disappearing at times.  We discontinued this also because it appeared to rise very high and seemed to match speed with us momentarily. The light was of a very bright, bluish white. It was not a steady light, but appeared to pulse on and off at irregular intervals. This was observed in our view approximately ten minutes making no set pattern of flight. Then suddenly it climbed rapidly in a turning attitude and disappeared into the background. Our altitude through this event was 7,500 feet. There were no other aircraft in the vicinity observed by the crew. No photographs were made."