The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

Text Transcription:

Mrs. tracked, consequently their exact flight path is known. The smaller piball balloons are not tracked but due to the fact that they are small, they are not considered dangerous. All balloons released to date have carried a payload maximum gross weight of 1002. In a 24-hour period 200 small balloons and 20 large balloons are released in the air weather service by the U.S. Weather Bureau, and the Navy Aerology Department.

The object reported or recorded as a balloon is to first check the time when the object was reported. It the object was observed within two hours after a balloon launch and the description of the object is what could be expected, it is possible that the observer observed an actual balloon launch. However, there may still be some doubt as to what type of balloon was actually observed. It has been shown that a balloon can appear to various shapes and colors related to the sun's position and the atmospheric conditions relative to the sun.

When a report is determined to possibly be a balloon, all balloon launch stations within the area of the sighting are notated. Attempts are then made to determine which balloon(s) could have been in the area at the time of the sighting. Winds aloft data is obtained that would give the direction and speed of the balloons from the various launching sites. Wires are sent to each station that could have had a balloon in the air at the time of the sighting, and those stations are requested to check their records.

In some instances known organizations are launching research balloons, but they do not track them, and a breaking of the balloon may develop a slow leak and float for a long period of time, and it is impossible to determine on which organization balloon the object was observed. It is allowed, however, that this only occurs in a small percentage of the cases.

The above described procedure has been successful in the majority of the reports. It has only been needed in a small percentage of the total incidents. However, due to limited manpower available, a system should be developed whereby information needed could determine whether or not an object is a balloon.

(1) Attempt The determination as to whether or not a reported object is an aircraft is difficult. Attempts have been made to check radio reports with pilot reports, but it is an awkward technique. The facts are not filed in a way that makes it practical to go back into old records. In addition, local flights are not filed with the flight service.