There is no photograph present in this document. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

HEADQUARTERS
2466TH AIR FORCE RESERVE TRAINING CENTER
Atterbury Air Force Base
Columbus, Indiana

24664 360                                     21 April 1952

SUBJECT: Reporting of Information on Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Director of Intelligence
DCS/O, Headquarters, USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-G/CC
Pentagon Building
Washington 25, D. C.

1. Mr. Harley Rowe, 109 East Hawkins Street, Bloomington, Indiana, reported to this headquarters at 1300, 11 April 1952, that he and two friends (Gerald L. Killian, 3126 LaSS Street, Bloomington, Indiana, and Donald Kelley (Mil)) had sighted a flying saucer. His statement follows:

(a) We were driving along a gravel road about 10 miles northwest of Bloomington, Texas, when we saw a silver object in the sky. We were 6 miles north of Washington, Indiana, when this incident took place. At first the object was silver in color but as we watched, it became the same color as the sky. At first, we thought it was the same color as the sky, more of a bluish-green. Most of the time we watched, the object was the same color as the sky and it was very difficult to see. 

(b) It must have been about 4.5 degrees in size, as nearly as we could judge. When it was overhead, it appeared to be about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length. It was very high, perhaps 10 miles. We watched the thing for just about four (4) minutes. The object appeared to be stationary, remaining about 15 to 20 minutes the height of the object itself.

(c) The movement was very high, perhaps 10 miles. I don't know. We watched it for just about four (4) minutes. The object appeared to be stationary, remaining about 15 to 20 minutes the height of the object itself. 

(d) It must have been about 4.5 degrees in size, as nearly as we could judge. When it was overhead, it appeared to be about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length. It was very high, perhaps 10 miles.

(e) We watched the thing for just about four (4) minutes. The object appeared to be stationary, remaining about 15 to 20 minutes the height of the object itself.

2. According to Mr. Rowe's account, the Atterbury Air Force Base forecaster, Mr. Bracken, said that to his knowledge, there was no weather condition in that area that might appear as described above.