There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR text output:

```
                                               -5-


      THE PRESS:  General, have you talked to your Air
Intelligence Officer who is over at the National Airport when
they were sighting all these bandits on the CAA screen?

      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD;  Yes, sir; I have.

      THE PRESS:  And have you talked to the Andrews Field
people who apparently saw the same thing?

      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:  I haven't talked to them
myself, but others have.  

      THE PRESS:  Well, could you give us an account of
what they did see and what explanation you might attach to it?

      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:  Well, I could discuss pos-
sibilities.  The radar screen has been picking up things for
many years that, well, birds, a flock of ducks.  I know there's
been one instance in which a flock of ducks was picked up and
was intercepted and flown through as being an unidentified
phenomenon.

      THE PRESS:  Where was that, General?

      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:  I don’t recall where it was.
I think it might have been in Japan but I don’t recall the
location of that.  That’s just a recollection of where that
sort of thing could happen and I do know that at Wright Field
there was one of these things on the radar -- this was in 1950,
I think -- maybe Captain James would reinforce that.  Was that
in 1950?

      CAPTAIN JAMES:  That’s correct.

      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:  -- in which the local radar
produced the effect of the encircling phenomena that caused
quite a lot of concern and it was gone out and intercepted
and found to be a certain kind of ice formation that was in
the air in various parts of the atmosphere around Wright Field
on that day.

      Again, there are theories like the men who; theory
of light refraction which says that temperature inversion in
the atmosphere can cause an image from somewhere else to be
reflected in positions where it is not.  If that is a correct
theory, related to it is another oddity with respect to the
ground effect that you get in radar.
```