There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a text-based report from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document, the output is:

4TH DISTRICT OFFICE, OSI-IG
BOILING AIR FORCE BASE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

30 JUL 1952

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Observation
SPECIAL INQUIRY
Capt. HAROLD B. KINSTON, Observer
SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO: Director of Special Investigations 
Headquarters Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.

1. The following information is being furnished for the information of headquarters and also for the information of Director's Office.
No. 5 has it concerns an incident which occurred within the jurisdiction of this command.

2. Captain HAROLD B. KINSTON, AC-09907, 4100th Air Base Wing, Ballistics Air Force Base, Buffalo, N. Y., while flying a B-25 at 6000 feet on 27 July 1952 at approximately 2300 hours, observed an unidentified object in the sky. The object appeared to be traveling at a very high rate of speed and was described as circular in shape, silver in color, and illuminated. The object was observed for approximately 5-7 seconds and then appeared to make a right angle turn and disappeared from sight. The object was visible to the pilot for a distance of approximately 15-20 miles. The pilot was of the opinion that the object was not a conventional type aircraft.

3. When the object passed the B-25 in which Capt. KINSTON was flying, the pilot stared at the object and was blinded by a bright light. The object appeared to be approximately 1/4 to 1/2 the size of the full moon and was traveling at a speed estimated to be 700-1000 mph. The object made no noise and left no vapor trail. When the object executed the right angle turn, the pilot observed that there were no landing lights of a conventional type aircraft.

4. Capt. KINSTON stated that he was and still is of the opinion that the object he observed was not a conventional type aircraft and that the facts which he presented did not support his opinion. The command to which Capt. KINSTON is assigned did not pursue the matter further than this report.

UNCLASSIFIED