There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing handwritten text.

OCR output:

April 13th, 1952.

Dear [redacted],

Got not set for a rather odd deal and you can't se ie it'a what I'n about to tell you send no help as it'a who raggio.

One of our shooters recently lost his club tergorarily and insisted that I keep his arms for shooting sport he could not take it over not having one of ly own. Last Tuesday evening we were favored with a complimentary showing of motion picture film of scenery and flight from Washington to California. The film was considered quite a thriller and was shown to a group about 30 in number. Prior to the showing I nentioned the matter of his arms and requested the return of some. The following evening he left, leaving, so to speak, 12 minutes late. Thereafter I attempted to reach him by telephoning, but without success. I aniled myself by handling the functions of my presidency at's ? Club meetings but they were suspended over this crisis not having had a meeting for some time.

Where is still a little doubt as to the extent I might in the west am I began to work on a group of straw that will be light and to the 22 January which is slated to move the point to another position when I caught too very quiet and notice it receiving from the condition on a Sunday afternoon at a speed. That seems to be the case the same with others.
Their gone down views. At first I thought they were false, little realion tha nay could very high and added for the case. No soone we arrived, Complete silence horken only my the whoosharong sound of my swveled ears. Couplets stillness seemed to look at us as we sat under my seventh sde.

I have made several checks on lights conditions, star positions, relative distance and staff every evesing since then and scene should indicate a tie fish direction no activity or signs were noticed. Could, we midn pro- pectively be that night to have been well into in the thinrange of our telescopic observation, but at the time ive looked at hit was very far in our atnotgpberu. early thal it would have caused to think to sunk or could have the. And if they were very cub snoopecns pods to have been well at the presence of gis and their speed would have been nuch us in the thousands.

Now, I don't which of a danger, naut whatever, account for douplets that I have had no much action no how have no more done inching or il invited to fill out
low as ire here do and they would have been well in the thinrange of our telescopic observations, but at the time ive looked at hit was very far in our atnotgpberu. early that it would have caused to think to sunk or could have the. And if they were very cub snoopecns pods to have been well at the presence of gas and their speed would have been nuch us in the thousands.

Now, I don't which of a danger, naut whatever, account for douplets that I have had no much action no how have no more done inching or il invited to fill out