[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

1. Mothers occasionally during the climb.

2. The objects glinted off and on erratically, and radiated red intensitly, in silhouette, at the odd of the observed glide.

3. The intense "hot coalitile" brilliance of the objects.

4. The two additional similar discs which came from "under" one right wing to join the original six. These two were not in sight that bore the wings, as very should have been if they had been reconnecting.

5. The objects turned on edge and then flat again.

6. One pilot saw the unscrambling objects through four glass surfaces. He other saw them through two, perhaps three glass surfaces. (The front windshield is changed with two panes.)

7. The 45 (next level) ground reports of objects similar to ours, color and maneuvers.

8. The same kind of "formations" were seen over Peru, Spain, and other places on or both fronts and although we were booked on by aircraft radar, skirmeshnet based three separate nights, two for entire at a time, within two days after our sighting.

9. Our extended experience i far greater than yours, and that of most other scientists) is detecting and analyzing natural plenomena in natural phenomenon, and our Navy training in rigid discipline.

10. The fact that the objects were observed between our aircraft and the moon.

11. You ask me if I had been a believer in U.S.O.'s from extra-terrestrial sources before this sighting, and I would then "reply" that I have credence to very few of the reports from reliable sources which were then in existence. however, I recorded evidence, when in 1948, six months after a prior sighting had begun, that the interplanetary explanation was a logical one. I realize that to have withheld the fact of my previous interplanetary beliefs experience of my previous experience since I all quarters, and I also to write grave doubt of the information you claim was this situation. However, I feel that much is easy only and also that when an interest in U.O.is would not be initiated inside in an intelligent society, and so alarm activity, so far there is cause to believe another report to be carried either from of locating that U.C.O.'s [have been] identified has unfortunately lost one of the fundamental human writings as one reason for experience, this judgment with prejudicial publication, has unfortunately been almost completely obliterated by one of its today by the over-mounted of another of the human wheels, a great [illegible] of this might otherwise [illegible] accordingly believe that they are behind three, and they feel [illegible] to perception because they do not understand all that goes on about. I would realize that we cannot possibly fathom all the facts, and confront ourselves with general understanding, offers to educate the [illegible] responsible, she hitherto unfortunately seen which he does not understand. Hence the success of [illegible]