The image appears to contain a graph or chart, but there is no photograph present in this particular page of the UFO report document.

Text output from the document:

SAN RAEFAEL, CALIF.
6 JULY 1952
1. This report is not considered a standard UFO report, but rather a report of an investigation of an alleged UFO report.
2. On 6 July 1952, the letter addressed to the Commanding General, ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, and dated 5 July 1952, was received by this office. The letter was written by Mr. - -..., who resides at -... St., San Rafael, Calif.
3. In his letter, Mr. - - - states that on the evening of 3 July 1952, at approximately 2200 hours, while watching television in his home, he and his wife observed an unidentified aerial object in the northeast sky. He states that the object appeared to be in the shape of a flattened pear and that it appeared to be giving off a dim reddish-orange light. He further states that the object appeared to be moving very slowly and that it remained visible for approximately ten minutes before disappearing.
4. After receiving Mr. - - -'s letter, this office contacted him by telephone and requested that he make a more detailed statement of his observation. Mr. - - - willingly cooperated and gave the following additional details:
a. The object was first observed at approximately 2200 hours on 3 July 1952, in the northeast sky at an angle of approximately 45 degrees above the horizon.
b. The object appeared to be stationary for the first few minutes of the observation, then began a slow upward and northward movement.
c. The object did not appear to be rotating, but rather seemed to be drifting.
d. The object was observed through a window in Mr. - - -'s home, the window being approximately 10 feet wide by 6 feet high.
e. The object appeared to be approximately 1/4 to 1/2 the size of a full moon as seen from the observer's position.
f. The object gave off a dim reddish-orange light which did not appear to be pulsating or flickering.
g. The object was observed for approximately 10 minutes before it disappeared from view.
h. No sound was heard associated with the object.
i. No other persons were present during the observation.
5. This office has no further information concerning this incident, and the case is considered closed.