[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

[The page contains typewritten text with several redacted sections marked by black bars]

***al for UK 40,343. Most people station 8. These with a plan of
approach and any Way the subject had of such a nightly
squarrels Our Air Force, in suppressing information is having
to drive the people of our nation further into shells of security,
when it is our nation's need to learn of saucers and by his remaining of some of the guts of their forecasterschers.

Even if the charges that the interplanetary theory is
true [?] a small one, proof of the theory would be the biggest
news since B.C. Existed A.D. How can the subject be impaired - intel-
ligent? Nevertheless how could a pilot ignore a plan if he had previous
vision of his life in the dirt? The fact that I had previously taken an
interest in the subject does not help your idea one bit.

No, [redacted] and I had not discussed flying saucers before the
experience we had.

No, we were not looking for flying saucers. However many
sightings, 5, had cut down the cockpit lights on 5 hour over-night
flight, and watched the sky intently. A few hundred of aircraft,
the Comerall lights, other aircraft, bright, distorted and multi-
colored forms and various as I had no control [?]. In a least
five years of such watching, I never saw anything like what we
had intelligantly controlled until July 15, 1952 when I was not
watching. I was a flier then their route, and it was above
other night that I was taking advantage of. I took over to observe
the various cities and landmarks as we passed them, much as intelli-
gent people do. The message you were gave [?] and two were both
to it is he same as in the same spot. it the same time. were that morning holding toward that spot and saying, "There is Newport News and Chesapeake
[redacted]."

We were attracted thereupon, simultaneously, by the radiance
of the objects as they turned to light up, or appear in plans. They
under light smell and deeper bullets toward us. When we looked aver
of way, they came close enough for us to define their shape and to
approximate their rather large size.

To answer your question about whether or not [redacted]
[redacted] also concluded that the objects were interplanetary...I [?]
have a long article published in the Mind Today on July
1, 1952.

It was at this point that Fortanberre offered the idea that
my thought "these squarrels" were something from another body in the

I currently agree with your view that the U.F.O.'s do our
residents within our solar system. In fact, I wrote an article (A feature
by article in title on the oceans) on this thesis for Challenge's monthly
August, 1952. I think it makes fairly that they come from nearby in our
system. I know you are a competent astronomer and you don't agree
with our conclusions, but I know you are an able explorer, who, of all people, should
be all reasonable to every possible belief. Remember to take 350 years
to get most neblestale to agree with a few, that matters found on Earth
were unreservatential = not just Earthly rocks struck by lightning.

F.J.J. Haldens said, "Our own meetings to that the universe
is not only greater than we suppose, but greater than we can suppose."

Einstein said, "The interest thing we can experience is the
vastness the great fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle,
all our true science. In who loses it not, may as well be.