Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report dated September 13, 1952.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT 

FROM: (AGENCY) 5th hq usafa

TO: DISTRICT INTELLIGENCE OFFICER, NORTON AFB, CALIF.

DATE: 9-13-52 

PAGE: 1 OF 5

INTRODUCTION
1. A letter, dated 8 Oct 52, Enclosure 1, containing information on a flying object observed in Morristown, Tennessee, was received by this Headquarters. This letter was received from MICHAEL T. LAYMAN, 520 N. Street, Mooresville, California, and carried the following return address: 520 N. Street, Mooresville, California. The envelope of this letter was postmarked Morristown, Tennessee, and carried a dispatch number of 3-52, 11:13am, TELTEC BRANCH, MORRIS[TOWN], TENNESSEE. The reliability of the source is unknown and truth or rumor cannot be judged.

2. SOURCE was sighting on the front porch of his home in Mooresville, California, about 10:20 PM, 7 September 1952. He observed a single oblong-shaped silver metallic object traveling from north to south, and he immediately called the attention of his wife to the object.

3. SOURCE and wife agree that the flying object was as large as or slightly larger than the moon, and that its speed was such that it would vary from slow to very fast, hovering at times. The object was normally traveling at a high rate of speed, but at times it would slow down and hover, remaining in the same spot for about two to three minutes. SOURCE states that the initial appearance of the object was similar to that of a falling star, but after it commenced to hover, it appeared to change its shape and size, becoming quite large and distinct. He stated further that the object was metallic in appearance and did not give off any trail or exhaust of any kind. SOURCE and wife carefully observed the flying object until it passed beyond some trees which interrupted their view.

4. SOURCE initially writes that he could not determine the flying object's size, shape, or distance, but that it was at least as large as (1) the moon, and (2) very close. SOURCE states that the object remained in view for approximately 30 to 45 minutes. SOURCE states that it would be difficult if not impossible to clearly estimate the size and distance of the object as it would vary greatly from time to time.

5. SOURCE estimates that the flying object was light in color and seemed to have a dull glow or a slight luminescence. SOURCE feels that the object's color or luminous appearance was not a result of reflection from the moon as it maintained this color or luminous appearance after passing out of the moon's light onto the darker part of the sky. SOURCE further writes that the object did not give off any trails or exhaust which would indicate some kind of aerial propulsion.

6. SOURCE writes that he has ruled out the possibility that the unidentified object could have been a conventional aircraft as he is familiar with same, and believes that the only explanation for the object would be some unidentified or other aerial vehicle. SOURCE writes that such an "existence", however, would not coincide with the dull glow that made the object visible on a dark night.