-3-

[redacted], Capt. PAA                                January 13, 1962

definition implies the bias that Ruppelt had toward the flying saucers from purely a pre-substantiation view, when he coined it. It also shows that, despite some disclaimers to the contrary, that he and his group were not aware of the major reflection hypothesis that I have proposed.

I am sending copies of this letter to [redacted] and [redacted], others I have come to respect, even though I do not agree with their views. [redacted] himself has indicated that these cannot be handled on a scientific basis. I think that a certain amount of "will to believe" is involved. However, I do not believe--and I say that there is very strong indication through really intelligent life in our solar system. I do subscribe to the view that there may be intelligent life in many places in the Universe. But, as an astronomer, I am aware--more aware that most--of the vastness of space, the amount of fuel that would be required, the enormity of what would be necessary, if true interplanetary exploration from any other than our own were to come about. Now don't just say, there's a man who is limited in his present-day knowledge. There have been many great investigators and perhaps someday will find a way of getting around these difficulties. I am aware of all of these possibilities and still feel that, whatever new heights might have advanced a race any by, they are not likely to be visiting around the earth. And remember that you are arguing that the visitations consist of thousands of cases, and yet no evidence--I hope you do not subscribe to the reliability of the contactees--that a single one has actually landed.

Please believe me, Capt. [redacted] that I am writing this long letter without rancor, despite the obvious angry flashes in your own letter. My position of airline pilots has neither gone up nor down as the result of these sightings, and I certainly fly enough, for someone who does not hold a pilot's license. I can fly a plane and have flown a plane on many occasions, with proper supervision, of course. But most of my flying is commercial, some of it with PAA. I average about 75,000 miles a year which is small compared with what a pilot covers. But I do manage to keep my eyes open. I have spent many hours in the pilot's cabin. I have seen flying saucers that matched many of the classic cases. I have resolved what they were. I have based my resolution on my scientific knowledge. There is no question about the correctness of my observations and the Air Force has accepted them absolutely. I say this to show that I am not just an arm-chair theorist.

I am tentatively scheduled to fly PAA from Mexico City to Caracas on March 13, returning to New York on March 24. If I should have the good fortune to have you as my pilot, I will fly with complete confidence and hope that we might have a chance to talk. I, for one, would welcome the opportunity.