They follow a straight line — where big
meteors, penetrating our atmosphere, always
have curved trajectories, concave toward the
earth.

• Most unusual of all is their green color. The
vivid shades, as green as a traffic light or neon
sign, are absolutely new.

"Conservative observers might pass off the
green fireballs as merely Bielid meteors, which
fall early in November," says Dr. LaPaz.

"Actually, they're like no Bielid ever seen
before. Finding them with the Bields is about
like watching a 240-mm howitzer firing bright
green starshells during a bombardment of red-
hot B-B shot."

Such facts lead to one conclusion: If the
green fireballs are meteors, they are of an ab-
solutely new type. Their coming may mean
that the solar system (including our earth)
has lately reached a new corner of the universe
where totally unexpected events can occur.

[boxed section]
GREEN FIREBALLS may continue to fall!
Should you observe one, write a description
of the circumstances and mail it to:

Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, Institute of Meteoritics,
University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, N.M.
[end boxed section]

And science may even have a hint of the
"unexpected events."

For 15 years, Dr. LaPaz says, scientists have
speculated on the possible existence of what
they call "contraterrene" material.

Such material—if any could ever be found
and handled, which is impossible—would look
just like ordinary matter.

But it would be matter built backwards.
Where the nucleus of ordinary atoms has a
positive charge, its nucleus would have a nega-
tive charge. And where ordinary electrons
have a negative charge, contraterrene elec-
trons would have a positive charge.

This means just one thing: the instant con-
terrene matter struck ordinary matter, a
terrific explosion would occur!

"Could this be the explanation of the swift,

proceeding takes place unless it is observed, as
suggested by Dr. Louis Ridenour in 1945. The
missiles could appear to "hide" behind meteors,
and so could not easily be detected by radar.

Last fall's fireball display did occur during the
annual visit of the Bielid meteor shower.

• Fact 2: Green fireballs have been observed
only once before — in 1946, when they were
reported seen over the Battle Sea and Sweden.
Military commentators then were quick to
suggest that the Russians might well be test-
ing advanced types of missiles obtained from
the Germans at their nearby rocket base of
Peenemunde.

Suppose the green fireballs do give away
some gigantic new secret of guided missiles
or space travel? Who is responsible?

Again, because of the nearness of U.S. scien-
tific centers, the temptation is great to say
they're ours. But Dr. LaPaz says this: "If the
Russians possessed missiles capable of inter-
continental flight, it would be natural for them
to make ranging tests over the Southwestern
U.S., where we have important targets."

Why They Disappear

IF THE RUSSIANS have such rockets, it would
also be perfectly natural for these devices
to be made self-destroying, so that we could
find only tiny fragments of them."

How can we solve the riddle?

"We must try to do as we have done with
countless celestial objects before," says Dr.
LaPaz. "We must find a piece of one and ex-
amine it in a scientific laboratory."

• "We already know of several places to look.
But to search effectively, we must have as
many as 5,000 men, who can examine the
'strewn field' yard by yard, and foot by foot.
And even then, if the fireballs are contrater-
rene matter, we shall have no success.

• "But if we do find bits of metallic alloy
which could burn with a green flame, we may
well have a piece of a green fireball.

• "And front this piece we can surely say
whether it originated in space, or in some
frightendingly advanced laboratory.

"For science, and for our own safety, we
should make such a search soon."

[RIGHT SIDE: Two black and white photographs with captions]

[Top photograph shows three men in military uniforms]
[Caption text is partially illegible but appears to reference Air Force personnel]

[Bottom photograph shows what appears to be a forest or wooded landscape]
[Caption text is partially illegible]

FEBRUARY 10, 1952 page 7