[stamp: RESTRICTED]

AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

REPORT NO.: IR-108-52    PAGE: 2 OF 3

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Hq 6th Air Div. Intell Officer

1. The objects were elongated, indefinite in shape, of unidentifiable color, possibly three in number, were not in formation, no visible aerodynamic features, no trail or exhaust, no visible propulsion system, speed (after turn) in excess of 600 M.P.H., negative sound, two abrupt 90 degree turns, one to West, second to East, disappeared in the distance and appeared to emanate white light from upper surface (possibly reflected sunlight).

[handwritten: 15MiNE]

2. 1319Z was time of sighting, duration was about fifteen to twenty minutes.

3. Observation was from the ground, visual.

4. Observers were located on the street side of the MacDill Base Hangar. Object was first sighted due North, speed, distance, and altitude indeterminable (see narrative #10). Direction was due North directly away from the observers.

5. The observers were mostly young inexperienced Airmen. However three Non-commissioned Officers and two Civilians appeared to be sincere, experienced, and completely reliable.

6. Weather was hot, humid, clear, no surface wind, 4/10 cumulus broken, bases about 3,000 feet, no wind. [handwritten: ? some cloud di?]

7. No meteorological phenomena is known of to cause this.

8. No photographs or fragments were obtained.

9. No radar contact was established as the radar set was inoperative at this time. No other action taken.

10. Narrative — A total of about twenty Airmen and Civilians saw what at first looked like a piece of newspaper rising upward on an air current. The object was elongated and apparently flexible as white light seemed to be emanating in flashes from its upper surface (probably reflected sunlight). Five of the Airmen claimed to have seen two objects and two felt that they saw three. The balance saw one. The most reliable and experienced were in this last group.

a. One Airman claimed the object was egg shaped, all others concurred that it was shapeless but elongated like a sheet of paper that was airborne. All personnel agreed that the lower surface was dark, but color could not be determined because of its distance from the observers. The object was North of the observers and away from the sun, the sun being behind and to the left of the observers.

b. Since at least a dozen of the observers saw but one object and the balance could not agree, no formation is believed to have existed. There was no visible trail or exhaust. No propulsion system was apparent.