There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

OCR Text:

```
                                                  -12-
               
                       MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: You knew, what "no mass"
         means is that there's nothing there! (Laughter).
                       THE PRESS: How ebout the power?
                       MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: In terms of earthly weights
         and earthly value.
                       THE PRESS: Yes.
                       MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: And unlimited power -- that
         means power of such fantastic higher limits that it is a
         theoretical unlimited -- it's not anything that we can under-
         stand. It's like my trying to understand -- I want to be care-
         ful because I was going to say a million dollars, but I can't
         understand a hundred! It's one of those questions of unlimited
         power that just gets beyond your comprehension that has to be
         used to meet this.
                      THE PRESS: General, do you have any tentative con-
         clusion or even a trend towards a belief of what these local
         radar blips are? There's been talk that you did have the
         heat inversions those nights. Are you all inclined to believe
         that's what that is?
                      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think that we're learning
         progressively more and more about_ the radar.; and that these
         instances very likely are maybe good observations that the
         radar can make of something but not likely to be observations
         of the things that the radar was designed to observe (Laughter).
         Now, (laughter) -- all right. Now, let's say -- we don't know
         much about -- and I'll be getting far afield technically --
         we don't know much about the Northern Lights. We'd like to be
         able to measure them a little bit better. That is the kind of
         thought I was trying to express by saying radar was intended
         to observe aircraft for control of aircraft and to deal with
         aircraft. Now, you may have scientific advantages for observa-
         tion that it wasn't intended for.
                      I wonder if you'd speak to my point on that,
         Captain James, whether I've gotten too far afield or something
         I don't know anything about.
                     CAPTAIN JAMES: Yes, sir; that's quite true. We
         find that sometimes the radar set will be formed in a manner
         not desirable and due to the fact that it doesn't happen every
         day everyone isn't familiar with those characteristics and it
         sometimes turns out to be a mystery.
```