The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

STATEMENT

19 November 1952

As 1345r hours, 15 November 1952, I was flying as an observer with Ash Cabe Captain 3, an individual of 10,500 feet, over the western portion of Michigan, near the town of Muskegon, at an angle of 15 degrees above the horizon. We were in a steady, level, straight-line course, headed approximately 270 degrees magnetic. The time was just about 1 hour and 20 minutes before sunset. 

Suddenly, I observed a bright, metallic, disc-like object, with a pointed tip, approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter, hovering nearly motionless between us and the horizon, my estimate being between 2,500 and 3,000 yards distant. The object was at approximately 10,000 feet altitude, and was located on a bearing approximately 20 degrees left of the nose of our aircraft. It appeared to be rotating slowly on some axis, as it was reflecting the sun's rays which caused it to appear very bright. I called the pilot's attention to the object, and he also observed it. We maintained visual contact with the object for approximately 1 minute, until it suddenly accelerated at a phenomenal rate and disappeared from view, leaving no trail.

Shortly after this moment, certainly less than a minute, Lieutenant Bash dropped my attention to the disc-like object he had observed, but they were in the meteorological pattern of a bri ef front, several miles distant, and there was no connection or association between that and what I had observed. I immediately informed Ash Cake Control and was informed that as yet they had no sightings or reports of this nature in the area.

The object itself was not circular, but more in the shape of a pointed oval or lens. It was an obvious sighting and excited my attention immediately because of its bright, metallic, disc-like appearance. This halo was not the result of ground reflection, being a more brilliant appearance, and could not be attributed to any atmospheric conditions or any point light source. It was the hard, sharp outline of the object itself that was so strikingly visible against the pale blue sky background.

The speed with which the object accelerated and disappeared from sight was more fantastic than any operational jet aircraft I have observed. In any way or at any point, when we were looking directly at it, it did not appear to be anything other than a solid, metallic, disc-like object - there was, at no time, any indication of exhaust or any trail associated with its motion. The general direction of its departure was in the area between us and the general direction of the sun, but it was not shadowed or obscured in any way - it was when we were looking at it with the sun at our backs that it was most clearly visible.

I would personally insist that it was, as I have said, off our left front, and was at the closest range that I am accustomed to estimating distances - between 500 and 1,000 yards distant, probably closer to the latter figure.