The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

PUBLIC RELATIONS
The recent national publicity received on unidentified aerial objects has shown the necessity for carefully supervising public relations. The present policy is for the USAF PIO to request all needed information from ATIC. If necessary, in the case of personal visits to ATIC by accredited members of the press, ATIC is to be notified by D/I, who then contact the press representatives to brief them.
A close working arrangement between ATIC, D/I and PIO is a necessity. It has been found in the past that the newspapers and magazines are not nearly so interested in the project as they first believed if they are given all the facts.
VII. PARTICIPATION OF OTHER COMMANDS
All Air Force Commands participate in the collection of reports as specified in AFR 200-2.
a. Air Defense Command
b. Air Defense Command and ATIC have worked in close coordination on this project. ADC through their radar units, Fighter Squadrons, and ground observers have provided identification and investigation of reported aerial objects. The Ground Observer Corps has made the observation of unidentified aerial objects a primary mission-directive. The potential aid that ADC has available has not been fully realized.
VII. PAN-I OF SCIENTISTS
At the suggestion of Dr. Joseph Kaplan of UCLA, a panel of well-known scientists has been appointed to give guidance on this project. They will endeavor to establish procedure to be followed by these specialists, which have been thoroughly organized for this purpose and will accomplish it by means of a wellknown astronomical panel.
VIII. CONCLUSIONS
It can be concluded that two courses of action are possible: either discontinuing the project entirely or expand the scope of the program so that more conclusive data can be obtained and more detailed conclusions made.
A. Discontinuing the Project
To date it can be concluded that the reported objects are no threat to the United States since they have committed no hostile acts.
- 10 -