This page from the Project Blue Book report does not contain any photographs. The text describes the sighting of a UFO object that was observed in the sky over San Diego, California on May 9, 1952. The report provides details about the object's movement, appearance, and behavior, as well as the witness observations. There is no photograph included on this particular page.

Text output from the document:

In level flight the object seemed to dart from side to side in an oscillating motion without diminishing or forward speed. When viewed through the telescope, the object would dart quickly out of the field of view.

After traveling a course almost due west for approximately one mile, the object turned northwest and appeared over San Diego Bay and Point Loma and disappeared traveling north at a constant altitude and speed.

During the sighting the object was observed through binoculars and the telescope, but there was no apparent diminution in its brightness despite its terrific speed. It was dive through there was no smoke visible.

At approximately 9:26 P.M. I observed the object returning on a circular course from the direction of downtown San Diego to approximately the same path over which it had appeared earlier. It rapidly changed direction and disappeared from view in a westerly direction. During its return the object appeared to be traveling at a tremendous rate of speed, and it seemed to pass over downtown San Diego heading nearly west. I was able to observe it as it passed over downtown, but it was gone in a matter of seconds. It passed over downtown in the general direction it had followed originally, that is, traveling off to the west.

It is my conviction that if this object follows an apparently controlled course it was some manmade under the influence of extreme intelligent guidance. Its dive from an extreme altitude dive to possibly meteoric speed and its acceleration out of sight were indicative that it arrived from interplanetary space and was under intelligent control. One could conjecture the power source, which, as demonstrated, could carry the object through the heavens at tremendous speeds over vast distances, and also the fluorescence, which would be induced by ionization of either the object itself or the atmosphere surrounding it.

In conclusion, it is my conviction that the object observed was a vehicle from another planet under the control and guidance of intelligent beings from a planet other than this earth.

ADDENDUM:
This object was also observed by the following persons:
San Diego, Calif.
San Diego, Calif.