The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

to distinguish between a reflection and a real light seen through a cockpit window is part of every pilot's training. When he sees a strange light, he automatically goes through this problem. Further more, Nash and Fortenberry had observed the disks through three windshield observations.

Accepting the overwhelming probability that the source of the UFO was outside and beyond the immediate vicinity, it was considered that a celestial phenomenon near Newport News and Norfolk, with several satellites and searchlights on Jamestown and Williamsburg and the Surry power stations, accounted for the sighting. An illuminated advertising sign, or beacon, Stratford on the James River formed a condition could have multiplied such a light into a series of glowing disks. The accuracy of this centers on the prevailing weather conditions. According to the report, on the day following the incident a bright moon was obscured by high, thin cirrus clouds and there was some temperature inversion. However, it should be noted that, notwithstanding the night was cloudless and sharply clear, there was no apparent haze. Visibility was unlimited and no temperature inversion was apparently existing. Under such conditions the suggested mechanism would obviously not operate. 

A more detailed survey of the weather conditions, however, quickly showed that this theory was greatly oversimplified. At the time of the incident, the time of the sighting was precisely determined. Becoming quite doubtful the time element, the true solar elevation was calculated. This clearly showed that a moon phenomenon could not have existed and, therefore, the airplane, having sighted the objects, found that they should not have existed until about a local time. 

Thus there must have been a dense cloud bank low in the west. Also, according to Captain Nash, there was probably some unstable air which in itself indicates the possibility of temperature and/or humidity. 

A thorough study of the situation showed that inversions of both temperature and humidity must have been present. In the summer of 1952 all the eastern coastal stations from Maryland to Virginia reported extremely low temperatures and increased humidity, a condition which continued for over a week and was the cause of the lack of cloud cover during the day. In periods of heat and drought, the opposite condition marked inversions favourable to extreme reflection or reflection. Small in extent, existing only by day and August, temperature and humidity observations may not be detected by radioactive observations [s]. During July and August, temperature and humidity inversions occurred almost every night in the coastal regions and accounted for the radar angels so frequently observed during these weeks.

The fact that the sighting occurred over Chesapeake Bay is significant. A body of water absorbs more heat from the sun than the land and the air over water is warmer than that over land. The cooler air from the land is carried over the water by the land breeze and, under the warm air, is heated by the water and rises, so that the land and sea breeze front has a visible effect.

The air over a lake, river, or other body of water also has a higher concentration of moisture than the air over land areas, and this moisture, heated from below, can produce an extremely favorable condition for optical mirage, called discontinuities of both temperature and humidity, must have existed conditions the UFOS appeared. A light on the Virginia coast, shining directly overhead toward the plane, could not have been the object observed. A change in the orientation of the light or a shift in the location of the observer could have made by the disks.

Whether the plane was flying at a point speed of about 325 knots, 375 miles an hour, it would have traveled about a mile.