The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a written report.

Subject: Notes for Record of Baltimore Sighting

1. This investigation was requested by Col. Cook for Gen. Anderson and is to be given top priority. A report will be requested on Tuesday, 13 May 1952, by 1/f. At about 1230 hrs on Friday, 9 May 1952, Lt Col Fred Taylor called Lt Col Free of OSI Headquarters in Washington. (Gordon 9600 or Code 1452, Ext. 140, Bldg T-6)
The call was made from the Pentagon. Col Taylor gave Col Free details of the request over the telephone. At 1700 hrs Lt Ruppelt delivered a copy of the info to Col Free.
At that time Lt Ruppelt requested to accompany an investigator to interrogate the source but was unable to do so due to OSI policy. It was understood that Col Free called Lt Gallion at 4th District OSI to handle the matter and that they would in turn get in touch with their Baltimore detachment. Lt Ruppelt was also advised that the source could not be located and was possibly gone for the weekend. In view of this, Lt Ruppelt changed his plans to go to Baltimore on Friday night and returned to the hotel in Washington to await further developments.

2. At about 0930 on the 10th, Saturday, Lt Ruppelt again called Col Free. At this time he was told that OSI would try to locate the source on Saturday, possibly in the morning. Since an independent attempt by Lt Ruppelt to locate the source, and duplicate the OSI investigation was not practical, Lt Ruppelt decided to return to W-P AFB on Saturday, p.m. In addition, he was scheduled for duty officer and his orders had expired. He returned and made reservations on a T-34 flight to Baltimore for Monday, the 12th.

4. At 1000 hrs on Sunday, 11 May 52, Lt Ruppelt contacted 4/A Stringer, duty agent for 5th LO OSI at W-P AFB in an attempt to find out whether or not there were any results from Saturdays attempt to locate the source. It was decided that since it was Sunday the best thing would be to wait until Monday morning and call 4th LO in Bolling and get the latest developments before leaving for Baltimore.