There appears to be no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text of the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. 52-250
DATE 9/11/52 8:4C
The altitude and full description of the object and it's actions were described by the pilot, by radio to "Mosquito Control" a ground control, during the sighting.
The object circling three times to the left in a diameter ranging from 100 to 10,000 feet, according to the pilot's estimate, and their turned off at what both ground observers estimated as approximately 15,000 feet altitude. It was described as a bright white object, approximately 15 feet in diameter, 2 feet thick, and traveling at an estimated speed of 700 to 800 miles per hour. It performed acrobatics and made sharp turns with the naked eye. Lt Bernard were government issue greenish brown.
No special devices were used. The entire sighting extended over a period of 15 minutes, during which the object exhibited various colors - yellows, reds, greens, blues, and whites. Against the dark terrain and blue sky and white clouds. It remained constant in size and shape.
Both observers state that the general motion of the object was steady and gave no indication of falling or vertical oscillation. They stated that it did not appear to be moving on the motion of air currents.
The pilot had flown 54 missions in this theater and the observer had flown 18. Statements were obtained and are attached to this report, along with the Intelligence Officer, Control Group, statement regarding the technical details of the object which indicate the apparent size and flight paths of the object as reported by Lt Bernard.
COMMENTS OF THE REPORTING OFFICER:
1. Details regarding the sighting of this object are considered authentic and fighting reports in an earlier report covering this incident have been compared and found to be essentially accurate except for one or two minor points which are normal for observations of this type. Lt Bernard, the pilot, and his observer appear to be reliable and the report appears credible.
2. During the inquiry conducted by the investigating officer, it was established that during his encounter with this object control with Mosquito Control Group: they reported that no other object besides their aircraft was picked up by the radar.
3. Lt Col Andrew Payton, Operations Officer, 30th Weather Squadron was contacted. He stated that the only weather condition prevailing in that area at that time was a 30 gram "ceiling" with a minimum 500 feet. They were approximately 6,000 feet.
At Telcherne, Georgia, approximately south west of the area in which the object was sighted, the ground was covered with a light ground fog, very similar to that so often described with these unidentified aerial objects.