There is no photograph present in the image. The text has been transcribed as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Air Attache, Tripoli, Libya    IR-12-52    PAGE 3    OF 5    PASS 3

5. The information was informally reported to the Sunday Ghibli, an English language weekly published in Tripoli, Libya. The information was carefully and photographically reported and the published article listed many essential details. The editor of the Sunday Ghibli admitted freely to printing the article for its listeners.

Witnesses were one English couple and a Welsh couple, all unidentified. One reliable source reporting this flying lights or objects near Tripoli, Libya told of seeing Spanish speaking Libyan.

6. Solid object 3,000': 15 miles visibil- ity, 4000'. Surface winds 40' 22 knots. A low pressure area was centered that day over Tripoli. The surface temperature a cold front, the air slowly cooling, a rare atmospheric condition for this time of year in North Africa. Both the cold front and the warm area meets nearly stationary in the Tripoli area. 

Winds aloft:  3,000'   210 17 knots 
     10,000'   220 19 knots
     15,000'   250 44 knots
     20,000'   300 70 knots

7. No activity or unusual meteorological conditions other than those described in Par. 6 above.

8. No photographs or other evidence.

9. No interception or identification action taken.

10. No other air traffic.

2. Excerpts of these two Sunday Ghibli articles are copied herewith verbatim:

"FLYING SAUCER SEEN OVER GARIAN GHEEL"

Third Libyan appearance reported

Another "Flying Saucer" has been seen over Libya. This is the third reported appearance of this phenomenon in Libya, which when sighted in other countries has puzzled scientists and military experts alike.

Observers reported that they saw a disc high in the sky over the airfield, and they said it remained perfectly stationary for several minutes. Immediately afterwards, the disc disappeared rather quickly at an amazing rate of speed, after a stay of some two or three minutes. After a day in the mountains, the witness told the newspaper that while he was driving to Tripoli, suddenly the object reappeared and hovered over his car for a matter of four minutes and then disappeared. He said it was about the size of a small aircraft and had a metallic appearance - it shone brightly in the intense sunlight and its shape was typical of the usual descriptions of a "flying saucer."

UNQUOTE

The Ghibli article said that "Tripoli people have been startled by the sight on the eastern sky over the Gharian district of a disc-shaped object, flying at a tremendous speed and silently - It had a faint bluish tint and was a circular light approaching on the horizon." It had a "tail of about twenty metres in length following it." The article added that "this sighting confirms the previous reports from other parts of Libya and the many others reported from various parts of the world."