This document does not appear to contain any photographs. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and extract all the text found in the document.

SUBJECT: Statement of I    On unidentified Airbourne Objects seen and observed October 27th 1952.

TO: Lt. Arthur W. Fyde
Chief, Technical Services Branch
Dugway Proving Ground

On the Day of 27th October 1952, at 0800, while A companion of the named    who resides at Salt Lake City, and I were in the process of deer hunting in the Vicinity of Hickman Canyon's, Tooele County, Utah, we observed an object flying toward us and about the altitude of 3,000 feet, which was immediately and rapidly followed by another object. As the object reached its closest point I called in the past flying saucers. The object and I followed the object with our eyes until the object disappeared beyond the mountain terrain. Details are as follows:

The object was first detected to work around a knoll. It was in a North westerly direction and I in A south westerly direction we had agreed to meet a gain on the South side of this knoll. However, when I got back to the right of this knoll the object was there again. I put the telescope I had mounted on an 06 rifle and followed its flight course which passed uncommon and drew its sight on its flight line. It then read 110 Degrees Easting by proven 290 Degrees west. In a perfect semicircle flight it descended and climbed again over and over until I heard no more. It flew until almost out of sight, But nevertheless the sound was still there. I checked my compass reading a straight line from its original startin? position looking for any additional activity. and saw none.

After the object disappeared Miss    for about four minutes before we could continue our search. She stated that the object was formed like A Sugar with A dark spot in the middle. Altho where I was I looked at the object that way it appeared very bright with the most intense light that lit up the area. Just before the object started sticking out in the same direction that it was traveling, there were some lines of ome type of sticks which looked to be broken in the forward position. Observation could be guns broken by these type sticks put in the forward position. But at the time of observation no activity such as smoke or fire or vapor was seen. But I could not tell whether it was spinning or not. Approximately one half of the observation was gained in miles and another half in relation A car window destroyer running at high speed.