Capt. [redacted]                                                February 1st, 1952

     I think it is highly unlikely that your sighting represents a non-terrestrial UFO. Merely because that assumption fits the observed facts, and because there is no immediately available alternative, is not up to highly judging to this conclusion. This is the chief point of contention between the believers and the non-believers. If I seem to belabor the point of the reflection, I wish to eliminate that first, before I try to find other alternatives. Thank you for the details of the sighting.

     I do not think I can usefully comment on your discussion of gravitation, and so on. I am perfectly aware of the Planck field theory and what it troubles. One thing that it does not imply is that inertia can be limited even if gravitation could be. Anybody, whether in a field of gravitation or not, subjected to severe accelerations in one direction would unquestionably suffer a reaction in the opposite direction. In an automobile crash, the person who crashes his back against the windshield does so without any influence from gravity. A space ship reversing out in the field where no gravitation existed at all would cause its occupants to be thrown against one side of the interior. Now, if you want to say that perhaps you can make a gravitational hammock that will support the acceleration, you are liberty to speculate all you want. But it is surprising that aeronautical studies in this field have as yet disclosed any inkling of such an effect.

     With respect to your question about a heavy layer of ionized air immediately around a fast-moving craft to protect a metal skin from friction, I would say that the cushion, if moving with the vehicle, would protect the metal. However, the cushion itself would then be subject to the friction and probably would rapidly rub off. In most originally this condition has been attained in large powered balloons entering the earth's atmosphere. A cap of ionized gas forms on the front. But the friction between this cap and the surrounding atmosphere is still great enough to develop enough heat to melt the surface of the meteor.

     With respect to the photograph, I would certainly have to see it in order to comment intelligently. I have seen such alleged photographs, however. Some of them are fuzzy because of bad guiding. The image, even of a star, in some of the best cameras, is always distorted towards the edge. I have something like a comet. These have aberrations as we follow. And I do recall having seen a picture such as you describe, blobs connected with ganglions. This is something that I analyzed and found that the person taking the picture apparently had the shutter on time exposure. At least the shutter stuck and the ganglions are due to the wandering of the camera during the exposure. Sometimes the light entering the camera does not come at all from the direction that the image appears. A bright light falling on the lens can produce a ghost image with an offset similar to the one you describe.

     As to your question about charges of a single sign, that is easy to disprove. Only in the thinest narrow beams, as in a vacuum tube, and these usually only in the presence of a focusing magnetic field, can you get a beam of charges of a single kind. The repulsive forces of these charges