The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It seems to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Air Intelligence Information Report

Country: USA
Report No.: 1
Subject: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT SIGHTED IN THE VICINITY OF AUBURN, ALABAMA AND COLUMBUS, GEORGIA

Date of Intelligence: 23 November 1952
Date of Information: 22 November 1952

The unidentified flying object was sighted in the vicinity of Auburn, Alabama and Columbus, Georgia on 23 November 1952. The details of the observation are as follows:

1. Summary of Sighting: The unidentified flying object was sighted in the vicinity of Auburn, Alabama and Columbus, Georgia on 23 November 1952 at approximately 1715 EST. All observers agreed it showed two (2) bright spots of light on its surface. The object was stationary for approximately 2 hours and then started moving slowly to the east.

2. Tentative Identification of the Object: The object can be broken down into three (3) categories: (1) meteorite, (2) satellite, or (3) an intelligently controlled object. Based on the data, only one possibility is entertained by this HQ of the local GIG contends that the object was a "Vagor." Those concerned state the object would remain very bright accompanied by a very rapid motion, and then disappear completely. This description does not coincide with the descriptions of the circumstances surrounding the observation.

3. Evaluation of the Incident: Four (4) persons did see an object which they did estimate as follows: (1) 2000-7000', (2) 250-300 feet in diameter, (3) and had a duration of 2 hours. The object was observed with binoculars and the naked eye. It had two bright spots of light that appeared to be portholes, with luminous patches around them and a faint glow from the southwest at 15-20 knots. The object was "in and out."

Analysis: One said it appeared about 12-15 feet in diameter, the other about 8-10 feet in diameter. Some said it appeared to be oval or circular in shape. It made no sound. However, only one estimate included both size and altitude. That was given by the observer and his altitude estimated the size at approximately 2000 feet, which seems reasonable.

In addition to observers' statements, two (2) observer postscripts are attached. Dr. D, a Professor of Psychology at Alabama Polytechnic Institute, claimed he never thought of it being anything else other than a real object, passing through a very high altitude at very high speed, estimated about 10,000 feet.

The majority of the observers interviewed by this HQ were so vague and under the impression that the sighting could be accounted for easily, securing their signed statements. With the exception of Lt Col. Birkles' statement, there is no evidence to indicate that a closer examination of the type of the object could be secured.