The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically related to an unidentified airborne object sighting on October 27th, 1952.

SUBJECT: Continued statement of On unidentified Airborne object seen and observed October 27th, 1952.
After again looking around for unusual activity in the area, I returned to Salt Lake City and talked to Lt. Pyne and Gillette and observed an Unidentified object climbing at a tremendous rate of speed. I called personnel and we watched this aerial phenomenon together.
As positive of - and sure her co secrecy until I could place the facts with personnel. As secrecy and cooperation could not be assured on my part, I discontinued any further search. Lt. Pyne however, I was not sure enough of the names of who I had previously arranged for. However I was instructed to cease my own personal search as well. I went alone and searched the area Tuesday wed. and Friday October 29-30; 7 then made appearances to the Lake more help in the area of November 2nd and more to secrecy when.
And we continued the search Tuesday 11th and we were searching and made a half circle and continued in a northwesterly direction. However, no good an unrecoverable attempt to photograph it. For the people mentioned. at exactly 1,000 AFore mentioned people were spread out about a distance of four miles and waited in silence or kind of listened. It slowly it as and came over the south mountains and showed them. However without any kind of a sound for about five minutes and during that time faded out and came in again. No explanation could be advanced by any of the observers as to what the object seemed to be like. It was decided that it was just South west of these mountains where Miss wild said it came over the crest. However on the final cessation of the noise nothing developed in talking with Lt. Pyne and Intelligence. I hope to convey that thought that air traffic of the area I am sure I can do it without to such an extent to civil authorities as possible. For all I the suggest to civil authorities.