The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Director of Intelligence, HQ USAF
T-52

PAGE 4 OF 5 PAGES

2. How long had you been on duty? 
A: I reported on at 2000 hours.

Q: What was the nature of your duty? 
A: Night patrol. 

Q: Any assistant with you?
A: No.

Q: Have you made any further inquiry?
A: No.

Q: Ever see anything like this before? 
A: Only weather balloons.

Q: Do you know of any activities around your area of special interest?
A: None.

Q: All you saw then was a light?
A: Yes.

Q: Was it a sharply discerned object of size and shape or speed?
A: No.

2. Investigation of 16-17 July 1952, at Imperial, Patrolman, Imperial, California at 1842 hours.

Q: Where approximately were you when you first observed the objects? 
A: I was on this date and at the above location at 0010 AM 13 May 52. Our garage and office shine lights down at the road and my partner and I both glanced out and saw three sharp lights in the area and my partner and I moved to the front of our building to observe them. There are high tension transmission lines in the area and our partner observed the lights hovering or moving in that area for about 15 minutes and three of them were traveling North from this location and of observances, and were joined by two more that appeared to come in from the north.

Q: What was their size, shape and colour? 
A: Their size appeared to be the size of a fighter plane, slightly smaller. The objects were glowing with a very bright, white light which was underneath the object. No exhaust-like flames.

Q: Any noises? 
A: No.

Q: Did you notice any particular behavior?
A: None other than circling and changing over positions. After a while three of them disappeared, vanished. Their speed was very fast.

Q: Like a jet? 
A: Faster.

Q: Any other comments like plans? 
A: No.

Q: About how high were they able to estimate?
A: Unable to estimate.

UNCLASSIFIED