The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DETAILS: (Continued)
with Bureau of Standards and Development Division during World War II. He visited Morocco under official cover as an American civilian aeronautical engineer. He was stationed at Wright Field, D.C. No other persons or crew or passengers aboard accompanied him on this journey.

Weather and Wind Conditions: Weather at Nouasseur, Viruandie, Morocco, was clear and calm. Wind was negligible, 2 to 3 miles per hour. At the town of Sefrou, 34 miles from Nouasseur, it was raining and the wind velocity was from 15 to 20 mph from the southwest.

Meteorological or other Conditions: No meteorological or other conditions.

Persistence of Any Physical Evidence: No physical evidence remained.

Information of Illumination: Additional information is not available on this case. The report is based on a message received, indicating that:
"A report was received from the Office of the Air Attache, American Embassy, Rabat, Morocco, stating that a "flying saucer" was observed on or about 22 June 1952 at Nouasseur Air Force Base, approximately 15 miles from Rabat. This report requested that a thorough investigation be made and the results forwarded to this office."

The following information were gathered during the course of the observation of the unidentified type aircraft:

a. The saucer was in a controlled formation, and during deceleration, position was in relation to a companion craft that had made a similar approach but did not hold as long.

b. The glow or light on the top surface was related to the propulsion system in operation. It diminished as the object descended and approached the ground.

c. Indications of the object's size was estimated at ten to fifteen feet.

d. The object did not respond to natural laws, and appeared to maneuver in a manner suggesting electromagnetic propulsion or control.

e. No physical characteristics were noticeable except that it was noiseless and appeared to be under intelligent control. It did not reflect or project any beam or light, and there were no exhaust emissions observed.

f. During the period of observation, the object was tracked by radar and photographed, but no results have been received to date.