The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an "Air Intelligence Information Report".

Text transcribed from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

92727th ACORN GROUP, APO 9-9 1. 6-00-52  PAGE 3 OF 5 PAGES

0000. On the night of 5 September 1952, while on a routine training flight in the vicinity of the 527th AAA Gun Group, APO 9-9, the following incident occurred:

While flying at approximately 10,000 feet, the pilot observed a bright red light which appeared to be hovering at about 5,000 feet some 10 miles north-north-east of his position. This light seemed to be stationary and was described as being conical in shape and changing in color from a bright red to a dim reddish-orange. The light was observed for approximately two minutes and it seemed to expand and contract in size. The pilot stated that he tried to close in on the light but it seemed to move away from his aircraft. The object was then observed to make a very rapid climb and disappear. The pilot estimated the maximum speed of the object to be approximately 800 mph and its maximum altitude to be approximately 25,000 feet.

The pilot reported that he could not identify the object, nor could any known aircraft, balloons, or other normal aerial objects be observed in the area at the time. The following information is based on statements made by the pilot and his observer, who was in the rear cockpit:

The object appeared to be approximately 30-35 feet in diameter, and was conical in shape, the base being larger than the top. The light seemed to pulsate or "breathe" as described by the observer. The color varied from a bright red to a dull reddish-orange, and the object appeared to expand and contract in size during the observation period. The object was observed to make a very rapid climb and disappearance, estimated at a speed of approximately 800 mph and an altitude of approximately 25,000 feet. The pilot and observer were unable to identify the object as any known type of aircraft, balloon, or other normal aerial object. They stated that the object was unlike anything they had ever seen before.