The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an archived collection of UFO reports and investigations conducted by the United States Air Force.

OCR Text Output:

DURING the peak of sightings that occurred in June and July of 1952, 2.9 per cent of the reports AFIC-6-2 were' inadequate in the sense that a large percentage of the reports received did not contain enough information that Air Force or civilian investigators to be consulted. It was strongly doubtful.

Only a very few cases did the report contain enough data do conclusively evaluate the reports. The cost of operating UFO investigations is probably directly proportional to the amount of usable data that is lacking.

Further investigation of reports

Since many reports of sightings are undue and the information desired cannot easily be obtained from the information contained in the reports, additional investigation is needed. This is accomplished by phone calls, wire messages or later personal interviews with the initial investigators. In this investigation by AIR Field investigators may take up to 2 weeks, the information obtained frequently includes data that was not covered in the initial report. When a very few specific items of information are needed, the inability to obtain satisfactory information by reason of the initial report not containing enough data has been found by experience to be very time consuming and the casts are disproportionately high.

It has been found by experience that only in 1/3 of the most important cases does the information on the report during the June-July 1952 peak contain enough data to permit an adequate evaluation. Past peak sighting periods which have required a field investigation have not shown this marked lack of data on the report. In one instance, if ATIC had had the personnel to investigate the reports received, a lot of the publicity which was received would have been eliminated.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE REPORT

UNCLASSIFIED

USAF-AFCIN-lA-4(w) (Curr) states that any such aircraft flying world-wide will report an observation they believe to be a vital intelligence measure to control of military intelligence. This conclusion was reached from experience with reports received from the U.S. as it does not reflect a direct distribution of such reports. If such reports do not contain information do not disclose the fact that the information is too incomplete to evaluate.

It is understood that the low per cent of satisfactory aerial objects and sightings reports is understandable. This is unfortunate since sightings are generally not evaluated.

LETTERS FROM CIVILIANS
Many reports are made directly to ATIC by letter. Magazines and newspapers have stated that ATIC is responsible for reports of unidentified aerial objects. Consequently, the Center has received directly through mail. This presents a major problem since such letters are occasionally unaccompanied and uncontrolled. The quality of 45 percent of those letters are not satisfactory from the investigation standpoint. Action from these letters, however, by sending questionnaires to the consumers.