There are no photographs present on this page, just text.

The transcribed text from the document is as follows:

---
SHORT STATEMENT

I, _________, do hereby make the following statement:

On Sunday night Aug. 3rd 1952 at about 10:20 to 10:29 P.M. saw over and to the northwest of the city Truth or Consequences, New Mexico three objects or lights that to me seemed peculiar and not of a type that my logic could intelligently explain. On & off they were suspended in the sky in the area above the Big Dipper handle at tree length they were about one to 2 widths of my little finger in length, and their width would be about the same as a wood match or 1/8" diameter wire held at arms length. As soon they appeared motionless or perhaps travelling directly towards me however, their speed & motion - 
their formation looked to me as follows:

After holding this position for some time (1) became elliptical and did 180 degree path like to a hyperbole or spiral sliding position (4). This position was held for some time and (2) showed elliptical and then it and each travelled straightly upwards. Too and (2) went through same maneuvers as (2) with the exception it revolved 180° counter clockwise and travelled after the first one (2). Then no. (3) turned paralle pie to full circle, back to elliptical and followed (2) and (4). This was observed from the roof of my house at 815 Charles Street where I had gone to recover a hammer left there in the daytime. The color of this light was green or like tinted white. No glow, slightly solid color. All movements were graceful and seemed fully controlled, but swift and sudden like something travelling at high speeds. I am now director of truth or consequences Airport and did this report to operator in charge, arriving at about10:50 P.M. I operated as Mining Engineer for Anaconda Copper Mining Co. from 1923 to 1945 most time being spent in foreign country Ohio, SoLa. taking the biggest part of that time. I worked as engineer 1946 in Helena National Forests. From 1946 to 1948 I was Engineer for American Smelting and Refining stationed at Mah Dahab and Jeddah Saudi Arabia. From 1948 to 1950, I was Forester for the Lewis and Clark Forrest at Great Falls, Montana.
---
Truth or Consequences
N. Mexico