The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report document from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO.  
DATE 8 SEPT 1952
PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES

Location of 10 minutes north, 74 degrees west: The local civilian observer ... notified the State Police that he had sighted an object at this location. He stated that this object was stationary at a high altitude for a few minutes and then "vanished" while in view. No further details were available. 
1. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT:
a/our Washburns: If. what made you first notice the object?
b/our Washburns: We saw it from our farm at about 8:25 p.m., August 21, 1952. It was traveling in a northerly direction at a high rate of speed and then came to a complete stop about 25-30 degrees above the horizon. 
c/our Washburns: Do you believe they were searching for a star?
d/our Washburns: No, I don't. We can tell the difference between airplanes and stars. This object was much larger and brighter than any star.
e/our Washburns: How long did you sight the object?
f/our Washburns: We saw it for about 15 minutes.

2. BEHAVIOR OF THE OBJECT:
a/our Washburns: When we first saw it, it was traveling very rapidly from south to north. Then it came to a complete stop and hovered in one spot for several minutes.
b/our Washburns: As it hovered, we noticed a reddish-orange glow around the object. At times it seemed to pulsate or change intensity.
c/our Washburns: Did the object do anything unusual or erratic during the sighting?
d/our Washburns: No, after it came to a stop it just hovered in one spot, occasionally changing intensity, until it suddenly disappeared.
e/our Washburns: How was the weather at the time of the sighting, Mr. ______?
f/our Washburns: The weather was very clear with a very slight breeze and no moon.

3. OPINIONS: 
a/our Washburns: They appeared to be about the same distance from each other as the object itself. 

UNCLASSIFIED