There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

UNCLASSIFIED
It might be some concern among saucer scientists that if anything regarding the unexplained flying saucers or unidentified flying objects were admitted, it would lead to a vast public confusion and hyster ia. The Air Force for years has denied any weight to the saucer reports, and there are the difficulties of dealing with actual facts and proof of the sightings. There are some 16 recent sight ings and reports for which no explanation can yet be given. These seem to have exceeded those of the past, in the details and corroborative witne sses. While most sightings can be explained as planes, balloons, meteors, etc., there is an impression that some of the recent flights at high speeds and maneuvers are beyond our present scientific knowledge and technology. There is a feeling that many of the reports cannot be explained as conventional craft or natural phenomena. There is an apparent interest by the Air Force, and some collaboration by the FBI in investigating all significant reports. There is obviously a good reason for this, both as to public reaction and any technical intelligence factors. But there is an apparent reluctance to admit or confirm any substance to the sightings. Presumably, this is to avoid any undue alarm or speculation that might result. I wonder if this attitude is really advisable, in view of the apparent increase in good sightings, and the apparent exceeding of our present technology in some cases. There may be a need for more public enlightenment and explanation, if only to dispel the mystery and speculation that arises from official silence on the matter. The existence of some unidentified flying objects seems now fairly well established. The problem is how to treat it - with public reassurance, or continued secret investigation. These are difficult decisions, obviously, but they should be faced realistically.