There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Immediately I realized that I should have witnesses to this phenomenon, so I ground to halt on Highway and waved to the woman following my car to stop. I then persuaded two other cars to stop and I obtained witness to my experience. After persuasion, two of them went out and were unable to see anything at least five miles northwest. At this point I called the Birmingham police and asked them if they had any information about a strange phenomenon which they said they would do. I returned to my car and we continued to follow it going northwest. Its direction was then directly in line with the direction which they said they would do.

I returned to say Selfridge Field and during the most five minutes the third lights changed from white to a brilliant yellow orange and by this time we had passed the ground which I believe had caused the strange phenomenon. Thinking this experience would make a good newspaper story, I discussed it with a Detroit Times reporter. I telephoned the newspaper and told them my story thus far.

After that I again called the Birmingham police and asked them if they had reported the incident as yet. They said they were thinking about it the same ground and said I would call Montgomery Field, which I did. If anyone ever got the "brush", I am sure I did. I was transferred to five different departments and finally, before I could get some officer who, I am sure, was awakened by my call and was very peevish, asked me bluntly if I wanted to make an official complaint. I told him no, I just wanted a close-up view of a giant saucer; I got some planes in the sky at Selfridge, but this was not the apparatus of the saucer. Then he repeated, "Well, I can do is report it, but." Then he hung up.

During my investigation, I conversed with the VAC had witnessed the spectacle and railroad express truck driver to observe the spectacle. I learned that if traveled through Birmingham and out about seven miles due west following the Selma road, it vanished from view over the trees toward the general direction of Pine at 11:15 P. M. (8:5 hours)

I contacted the director of Selfridge Field and gave them this story. Their reporter phoned Selfridge Field and the Radar Division and they both told him that this was not picked up by Radar, so naturally, the time division dropped the inquiry.

To prove my story, I started to trace down my witnesses. After considerable difficulty I found the woman I had waved to stop and obtained written statements from each. Then I contacted the truck driver and he was willing to write a statement of his observation, (their names and addresses are at the end of this letter.) I again went to the Times with my group and the editor turned the story over to another reporter who again phoned Selfridge Field. This time they contacted the Intelligence Division. They natural said they had no information from people who had also sighted the Saucer at different points. This is all I have to report.