There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document containing text describing an incident involving a UFO sighting by an Air Force pilot.

CASE #1

On the night of 4 Dec 52 an Air Force pilot was flying locally in a F-86 type a/c. He was at this time he noticed a rapidly moving light at approximately 6000'. It was approaching to within (1-500'). It was apparently low to his position, which was about 2 miles SW of the base at 6000' directly SW of the base traveling on a SE course. The pilot considered the object to be a jet a/c outside the traffic pattern until he noticed the absence of position, passing, and fuselage lights. The pilot changed his turn to the left to keep the object in sight. The object continued on a SE course approximately 6 miles as of his position which was approaching toward him. He had originally sighted the object. At this time the object came immediately to the pilot's altitude of 6000' and began a wide sweeping counter clockwise orbit of the base. The terrific speed of the object still led the pilot to think it was a jet aircraft until he realized from previous jet experience that the speed should have been considerably dissipated after such a maneuver. As a position approximately 3 miles N of the air base the object went into a clockwise orbit, it immediately descend to 1500 to 200' again and continued its orbit to the left around the city of Laredo, Texas, until it reached approximately the center of the business district, at which time the object made a very rapid flitting ascent due S to approximately 15,000'. The rate of climb was terrific. At this point, the object was approximately 6 to 8 miles SW of the pilot's position (which was directly over the ramp on a S heading). The object then turned northward and immediately descended to the pilot's altitude of 6,000' again and proceeded skyward until approximately 6 miles SE of the base again and it seemed to stop as if it were hovering, going straight away or coming straight toward the pilot's aircraft. At this time the pilot added full power and proceeded directly to toward the object. The pilot's intentions were merely curiosity. Approximate 2 seconds after this action was taken by the pilot, the object appeared to close at a terrific rate in a steep climb and disappeared from sight.