The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Maj. D.E.Keyhoe (USMC, Ret.)
Jan. 26, 1953.

Data for Air Force, to accompany the approximately 50 feet of 8 mm. color film of unidentified aerial objects, taken near Landrum, S.C. on Nov. 16, 1952.

1. Owner of film: (Redacted), Miss., a civilian.
2. The pictures were taken by (Redacted) Jr., a resident of Tryon, N.C., and given to the owner of the film, who was acting on the instructions of the Provost Marshal, U.S. Army.
3. The first part of the strip was with a one and one-half inch telescopic photo lens, 6.33 frames per second, with an f/5.6 setting on a Bell and Howell movie camera. The second part, about 15 feet, was taken with a normal 1 inch lens, about 16 frames per second, also with an f/5.6 setting. There were many more objects visible than can be seen on the film.
4. Sky was clear at the point where the pictures were taken, but broken clouds on western horizon were evident to give color to the objects.
5. Eleven objects were sighted. Data on variation in altitude, sound, color, etc., is given in copies of personal letters below.
6. This film is submitted by TRUE MAGAZINE, via Department of Defense in accordance with an agreement that the Air Force will analyze the film, and that no copies will be made except as Mr. Keyhoe assures the Air Force there is a GENUINE NEED FOR SECURITY REASONS to allow such copies, and that no copies will be shown to anyone but representatives of the Air Force.

Data on (Redacted)
Natchez, Miss., married, father of six-months-old son. Participated in World War II, part of service in Pacific. Discharged, entered Tulane U. 1946, graduated with engineering degree. Employed for several years as Sales Manager, New Orleans Times-Picayune. Then worked as ship building estimator, New Orleans. Has lived around the country: Arizona, New Mexico, Mississippi, North Carolina, and has a daughter 5.

Letters from (Redacted), father to his son. The elder (Redacted) is described as a resident of WI, disabled (status unknown).

First letter:
Sunday 11-30-52
Dear Bob: (apparently nickname for undisclosed recipient)

[The remainder of the text is cropped out of the image.]