There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing only text and no visual elements.

Occasionally at night and less often by day a person has looked up and seen a great number, or a great number sees in the average lifetime is very small, greater than six hundred. We must have the observer's name, the place from which the object was sighted, the position of the observer's station must be given (latitude and longitude), the direction in which the object was moving, the time at which it appeared, and the hour and minute when the object appeared itself, the determination of its size by comparison, if possible, meaning an angular measurement in degrees or mils if at all possible, and the height or two altitudes. "the Painter" of the Big Dipper are five degrees long. Neither will help in estimating a distance in degrees. Warning should be here given that the use of miles, yards, feet, or inches to describe the heights or lengths of paths of meteors is not possible meaning and the words used do not convey a definite meaning and the words used do not convey a definite meaning. It is always useful to give the angle of the path - in degrees which the meteor was going. The object's speed should be compared with that of the full Moon or some planet or bright star. Here again the use of "inches" in describing diameters has absolutely no meaning, nor has the comparison of the meteor with the diameter of the Moon, the duration of flight in seconds, and if an explosion is seen, one should state carefully how many minutes or seconds elapsed before the explosion was heard. This is an excellent check on other observations. If the object is seen in daylight, exactly the same observations should be made, except that here it is impossible to use the stars as reference points. In all cases additional motion, etc., are useful. Any report which has only part of the desired data may be very valuable; please send us everything noted about the fireball, whether it is much or little. Your observations may include just the one point lacking in reports from other people, and we may make possible a solution of the heights and orbit. 

[End of text extracted from the scanned document]