There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text:

UNCLASSIFIED

3. Identifying information on observers: J. J. Couroy, Coast Guard, Boston, Mass., 32 yrs. of age, and was employed as an Aeronautical electronios Technician. He advised that he has done considerable photographic and astronomical work with all types of cameras, and stated that although he has seen falling stars, he had never observed anything similar to the object described.

Lt. D. H. Preble, U. S. Coast Guard, 30 yrs. of age, has been in the U. S. Coast Guard for (3) years. According to his statement, he considers himself very familiar with both jet and conventional aircraft, but he has never seen anything comparable to the object described.

"Size in relation to a DC-3 aircraft (wing span 95 ft), appeared to be about 1/4 to 1/3 the size of a DC-3 aircraft, and advised that he has some knowledge of aircraft identification, that he has never seen any type of aircraft comparable to the object described by him to be distinctly different from anything he has ever observed before.

Race Point, Provincetown, Mass., is 31 yrs. of U.S. Coast Guard station, and has been in the Coast Guard for the (3) years. He also positively identified the object to be distinctly different from anything seen before.

Stated that the object described by him was different from anything he has ever observed, the convinced him that it was not a shooting star or a meteor, because while he observed was appeared to be a constant source of light and seemed to come straight across the sky in a horizontal direction, a shooting star generally falls downward and has an intense but transitory burst and intensity. He now regards the phenomena as a new development in the realm of air defense.

Weather conditions: Perfect clear at the time of the sighting, temperature indaicate, visibility unlimited, wind 10 mph, barometer 30.12, temperature 55 degrees.

UNCLASSIFIED