There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

Transcription of the text:

"boys' home. (Comment: It seemed rather odd to the interrogating officers that they would go to an abandoned path where bright lights appeared to be, and then investigate the location. One of the boy's fathers has something like this happen before, and it seemed that something of this nature had happened in the track. Secondly, the officers were informed that it is the policy to take the boys' scouts on training ground the site of what fell in order to show this difference in factories, plants, etc. However, this does not satisfactorily account for the fact that the boys voluntarily admitted themselves to authorities.) The boys said they saw the lights at about 9:00 P.M. 
The first thing that happened was that they suddenly observed the bright lights and then the lights went out. The boys stated that there were two blue lights, about the size of automobile lights, and that they were about 45 degrees into the trees. One of the other boy scouts say this and got back into the automobile that they had been driving down the dirt road and looked out of the window and saw one of the other two boys. One of the boy scouts saw this and got a flashlight and shone the beam of light toward the space where they had seen the lights go out. No results. At this point they decided to investigate, and the three boys approached the object very cautiously. They observed that the object was about 40 feet in the air and about 100 feet away. They stated that the object appeared to be about 45 degrees into the trees, cylindrical in shape, and about 30 feet in diameter. The object and the lights on it went out completely. The boys asked him what he was going to do and he said that he would call the police if he had a dime. However, he said that he shouldn't go back into the woods and disturbed them. The boys claim that they could see his outline in the car, started down the road when one of the boy scouts by the name who had originally seen the lights got out to shut off the lights. At this point, all he was carrying was one flashlight. He had originally seen the lights go out. At this point, all he was carrying was one flashlight. He had originally seen the lights and then stated that they would see his flashlight going back into the woods. This will be given separately."