The document does not contain any photographs. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
-27-

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, what else can we call
it? His terms of the statement about it are not placeable in
anything else as phenomena. I have one that a friend of mine
who is an Air Force officer reported from the Middle East. He
said, I thought that my mental processes were adequate to avoid
seeing these things, but I did see something that didn't belong
there.” He was no more able to put a precise measurement on
it although he had competent witnesses. He's a creditable
observer. We're not trying to discredit the observers. That's
the reason that I said that we have many reports from creditable
observers of incredible things. They also say they're in-
creditable.

THE PRESS: Are these phenomena capable of change of
direction and speed such as has been reported?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There is nothing else known
in the world that can do those things except phenomena! (Laughter)

THE PRESS: General, while we're in this mass of
areas for a minute, suppose some superintelligent creature
had come up with a solution to the theoretical problem of
levitation, would that not be, massless in our observations
either by radar or by sight? No gravity.

THE PRESS: A balloon has no gravity but its rate
of movement is distinctly limited.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I don't know whether
I can g1ve any answer to that, sir, that makes any sense
because I'm not a metaphysician. I think, probably, just to
return to saying that -- we believe most of this can be under -
stood gradually by. the human mind.

THE PRESS: So far as we know, have any of these
manifestations been reported over Russia or any of the
satellites?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, we don't know if there
have been any reported over there, no.

THE PRESS: General Samford or perhaps General Ramey,
you have described fighters over the District here in the last
few weeks. Is there any kind of a policy as far as the rest of
the country or the Air Defense Command on such sightings?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I would like General Ramey
to speak to that, if he will, please.
 ```