The image does not contain any photographs, only textual content. Here is the transcription of the text visible in the document:

---

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

1. At approximately 0800, 26 May 1952. the Wing Intelligence Office received a report that an officer had observed unidentified aerial objects flying over Randolph Air Force Base on the night of 25 May 1952.

2. Immediate investigation revealed the individual to be Captain John S. Jones, who was interrogated as soon as he could be located.

3. The interrogation revealed the objects to be tear-drop in shape, appearing to be about 1/8 to 1/4 of an inch, across. The actual size was undetermined, but when questioned as to their relative size in relation to known aircraft, he stated, they appeared larger than a B-29 at an altitude of 10,000 feet. They were also of a solid white mass of light with an orange tinge. He could distinctly count twelve objects, flying in three groups, four objects in each group in a very tight V-shape formation.

4. Captain Jones was unable to distinguish any aerodynamic features. He saw no trail or exhaust and the propulsion system could not be determined. Their speed was estimated to be between 1500 and 2000 miles per hour. He saw that it was definite that he had witnessed. Their sound of passing, was a faint soft, intermittent hum.

5. All the time the observation they were in straight and level flight, emitting sharp, changing lights they were out of sight. The outline of these tear-drop shaped lights could be definitely identified and such because they were enveloped against a very dark sky (demon was red and dots will let at the time). Their speed across the sky could be compared to that of a falling star.

6. The sighting was made at exactly 2127 Central Standard time on 25 May 1952. The objects were observed for approximately 3 seconds. The officer adjusted the time by the amount of time it took him to rapidly rise a suitable position in a chair and walk about 15 feet.

7. The observation was made from base by Captain Jones and two other witnesses who were at Randolph Air Force Base, coordinates 29 32 north 98 17 East. Captain Jones and the other witnesses were sitting there watching the objects appearing facing South, looking to the stars when suddenly object appeared in the West heading in an Easterly direction. They passed about 150° from North to East, they appeared to be about 700 and 1,000 feet above from the observers when overhead at an altitude above 10,000 feet.

3. The reporting officer has been an observer for 11 years and has been around aircraft all during that time. He is a rated Navigator currently on flying status with 2200 hours total flying time. He is present duty is Senior Oracle to the Chief of a navigation section of the Combat Crew Training School (Medium Bomber) at that station. The other two witnesses in these cases with this report in every detail, are: the officer's name, known as James, and Lt. Paul Hurdle, B-29 Pilot with the U.S. Air Force.

This account is corroborated as factual Meteorological data by the base weather station on location 290 that local forecasts were given that there were no weather events 15 nor any advisories that could account for the sighting.

---
UNCLASSIFIED
Note: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the espionage act, 50 U.S.C. 31 and 32 as amended. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Forces without the express permission of the Director.
DECLASSIFIED DEP SEC DEF 
5 JAN 2010
U.S. Government Printing Office: 19—O-641343

---