The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten text.

OCR text output:

NORTHWEST BUSINESS RESEARCH 
AND ADVISORY SERVICE
1522 N.E. PRESCOTT -  Portland 11, Oregon - PHONE EA 0353
OFFICE OF
SERVICE DIRECTOR
May 11, 1952
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton,Ohio
In re: blue-green light over Portland, Oregon
10:15 to 10:30 p.m., May 10, 1952
Dear Sirs:
Last night I observed a peculiar celestial phenomenon, to which I attached little significance when I heard radio reports of a "meteorite" explosion over Seattle, feeling that it might be of some value, however minute, to you if an reporting it as briefly as possible.
On the night of April 10, 1952 at 10:15 P.M. I observed a light with a bluish tinge shining through the thin strata of clouds in the northeast section of the sky up to 30 degrees above the horizon; it appeared as a short streak, rather than a single spot, possibly due to diffraction of the cloud layers. It intermittently was about that of a search-light shining on the clouds but different in three ways from the reflection of a searchlight: (1) It was more diffused. (2) It had a pulsating quality, appearing and disappearing at intervals. (3) It appeared as a short straight bar rather than as a circular spot as some search-lights previously observed in this area by me.
After watching it for some five minutes from our yard I called my wife to observe it and she joined me in trying to trace its course. She told me it was somewhat fainter.
We watched it until 10:30 and then went in doors. At about 10:40 or 10:45 P.M. we looked for it again but the light had vanished from the sky and we had the clouds in the same position as originally observed there was no moon in that section of the sky either. When I first noticed this peculiar light through the clouds I had thought briefly that it might be a searchlight from one of the many war plants in this area, but there when the clouds had moved away ten minutes later, I concluded that
it was not the moon.
This observation may be meaningless but I send it to you for whatever value it may have.
Yours truly,
L.G.C./WW