There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

ENGLISH TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

EXTRACT FROM RA Retort R-138-52 OF 29 MAY 1952

1. The phenomenon of "magnetic effects" corresponds to that of our observations of the effects of flying objects in the vicinity of our instruments. This indicates they are intelligent beings.

2. Altogether, the climate is divided into two yearly seasons and the environment into three, mar its surface, corresponding to that of the Earth.

3. The canals which were discovered in 1847 by Schiaparelli, are actual canals, interpreted by great men, built by intelligent beings - by the Martians.

4. They are here and are anxious to get into contact with us. Their physical build is much lower however; they are smaller and their heads are a bit larger on average. Altogether the planetary system of Mars is similar to that of the Earth.

EXTRACTIONS OF ELECTRIC SAMPLES

1. The flying saucers which have been seen in the last few years, are actually rotating disks and a reaction of the electromagnetic forces, in order to travel themselves and to explore the earth's surface, with the purpose of a study of the contact operation.

2. I therefore exclude the possibility of the flying saucers being secret weapons prepared by the nations of the earth, as no country could possess such an extraordinary power as to give such an extraordinary speed.

3. The flying saucers are piloted by the Martians, who would like to, and we are to allow the first contact to be made without any interruption or hindrance, as on the way to us is for the progression of our life, they have no other intentions.

4. I therefore consider inadmissible the hypothesis that much radiation may be dangerous; also experiments do show that the flying machines have a system of radiation protection more advanced than ours, as they have enormous electrical and telekinetic energy at their disposal to protect themselves.

5. The future development of the "Martians" will - particularly according to the exploration of the new planets discovered will lead to a race of beings superior to the terrestrial ones, possessing all the knowledge and capacity to avoid the common disasters that befall the terrestrial civilization.

6. The landing will be preceded by a scientific camp of flying saucers whose formations will take place over the least inhabited areas. The lights and the metallic objects will be clearly visible to all. This camp is intended to prepare public opinion and create an environment of confidence and understanding with regard to the contact to be later established in the locality indicated.