-2-

Capt. [redacted]                                                February 19, 1952

book. Incidentally, I should have indicated that it is this book that prompts my
giving time to a debate with you and Dr. Mansey. Even though I may not agree
and do not expect to agree with your position, I felt it better and more
fairly present the position of the believer as a result of such contacts. This is
something which I certainly cannot get from anywhere.

I am not going over this question of burden of proof again. But the
Air Force records show examples where one of the pilot tried to dodge a
UFO and where the other pilot claimed it was only a mirror. These were
experienced pilots. The proof of the mirror was definitely made through ex-
perimental simultaneous from the ground. This constitutes proof that
pilots, even experienced ones, can make errors of the type that I have claimed.
We have found similar cause of mirages of stars.

As for the Colesapahi, when someone produces an actual image site
or inhabitants thereof, I stand ready to be convinced. However, the point
that I am unable to make with either you or Mansey--and certainly not with
anybody--is that the great majority of the sightings fall into a simple and clear-
cut pattern. No two definite answers yet for most of the sightings even with
simultaneous radar and optical sightings. Therefore, I do not have the will
to believed that some of the cases where factual data are clearly missing, such
as the precise bearing of a sighting, or the precise timing, and I do not concede
that this makes that sighting valid over those where the data is available and
wafers, by consequence of the additional information, a definite non-extra-
terrestial source was identified.

With reference to the television programs. I do not recall ever having
been contacted by Frank Edwards. I do get many requests to appear on radio
and TV. Most of these I have to turn down because of the pressure of other
business. Some of them I turn down because of the extra time and effort in-
volved in travel. Certainly, if I did turn that one down, it had nothing to do
with you. It could have been that Edwards hoped to get me and found that I
was out of the country. We would have to compare data on that. But I did a
great deal of traveling, both here and abroad, and sometimes a request
through my office will ascertain the fact that I am not available.

I do not recall ever having received an invitation from Capt. Hull
either. I do not even know who he is.

Charles Mansey, who has also written me, and to whom I intend to
send a copy of this letter, objects to my use of the phrase "interplanetary
U.F.O's." He wishes to use the term "non-terrestrial UFO's." This I
accept.

Perhaps the reason why I am taking the time to correspond with you
is due to the fact that your sighting is unique. I have not seen official records
to back your claim that sightings like yours were seen in the same area.