The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document or UFO report. There is no photograph or image present on this page, only text.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

Been verbally described by the radar operators, only in a few instances have scenes which have avialable. The signals, action, and location of a signal is extremely important in making any evaluation and in the past it has been necessary to only on these operators as they observed. In addition to the situation observed on the radar scope, data on the condition and characteristics has been limited, data on the meteorological conditions in the area and many other factors is the necessary in the interpretation of the instances, this has not been available due to manpower shortages.

The Electronics Section of ATIC is charged with:
(a) Analysis of radar sightings
(b) Supporting Studies

In addition to the analysis of each separate report, ATIC has a contract with a civilian research organization for a critical study of all radar sightings. The final report of this study will not be established. Each report is being reviewed and these key points established.
1. When this is complete a statistical study will be made to determine the validity of the reports and such cards under. This information to indicate the quality of the witnesses, location, time, and other pertinent details.

All photographs that are believed to valid are analyzed and evaluated by the Photo Reconnaissance Section the circumstances under which the photographs were taken. The Photographic Section Director is making recommendations as an analysis may be deemed in warranted, to date the work has been done on a sporadic basis, consequently the quality and quantity of the information is not as comprehensive as desirable.

Panel of Consultants
The civilian research institute indicates that is acting as the contractor to ATIC on this project has available a great number of scientists and engineers. These people are on an overall basis and can be consulted individually or as a panel on any problem that may arise and they are sufficiently steeped in the nature of the task and findings to consult on such questions as may be referred to them by the Director. On one occasion use of them were consulted as a panel on the problem of preparing the quartermaster, in the other cases individual consultants have been used on special problems arising from the analysis of particular incidents. It was found that due to the nebulous type of data obtained in the reports they could not give an evaluation.