The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report dated 1952.

Text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
I/O 527th ACW Group,
IR-7-52
PAGE 1 OF 2 PAGES

STATEMENT

A/2C F-center 92C to observe an area to the SE of our station at about 10 miles on an azimuth of 200 degrees at approximately 10,000 feet. He reported observing five (5) unidentified objects traveling at a high rate of speed. These objects were observed by the radar operator to be a formation of approximately 10 knots and the position of the formation was changing very rapidly. It was not observed on the radar by this operator.

It was yellow in color and very bright. Its movement was very erratic. It would dive and then rise with a very irregular motion. Its speed was estimated to be in excess of 500 mph. While making this observation A/2C Pentelk called this information into Hannah Control.

A/2C Ellis our radar maintenance man on duty also observed this object. It was approximately 0110Z further observation showed the object to be from about twenty (20) to twenty-five (25) miles to the SE of our station. Its coloration had now become a dull orange.

During all of this time the attitude of this object varied from medium to very high.

On the day of 14 December 1952 between the time 0201 and 0215I I saw the ball of light in the southern sky above the horizon. It was white in color with a blue-green tail. After approximately 2 minutes, it turned into an object which appeared to be about twenty (20) or twenty-five (25) miles distant with a heading from SE to NW. It was about twenty (20) seconds in duration. The object had a light, oscillating glow and the speed was such that it disappears rapidly below the horizon. The object, flight or whatever it was seemed to me to be some sort of intelligence-controlled apparatus inasmuch as it maneuvered erratically, hovered momentarily and then streaked swiftly below the horizon. There was nothing about its actions which indicated that of a aircraft.

WALTON M. ELLIS JR.
A/2C, USAF