The image contains no photograph, only text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
Hurstville, South Carolina 15 December 1952

I. Description of Incident:
At 0915 EST an RF-80 over this location visually sighted a circular silver object about the size of a half-dollar. Object was seen for a period of 15 seconds and approached from the east, changing direction and altitude erratically, and was lost from sight at a relative bearing of 330° at approximately 30,000 ft. The weather was clear.

II. Discussion of Incident:
Since this sighting occurred 10 minutes before a similar one at Greensboro, North Carolina, the possibility of this being a hoax should be explored. The following conclusions have been drawn: The objects could not have been a normal weather balloon, because the prevailing winds dictated that any free-floating object would have been carrying it from Hurstville, South Carolina, to Greensboro, North Carolina, and not in the opposite direction. Secondly, the objects could not have been a single jet aircraft traveling from Hurstville north to Greensboro, thereby necessitating a ground speed of 690 mph, with a general wind from the north at 75 knots and the sightings were 10 minutes apart thereby indicating the sightings were 10 minutes apart. Neither could they have been jet aircraft, as fighter pilots indicate that the objects probably were not jets. Although there was much belief that these objects were in both sightings, a thorough examination has been eliminated as a possibility for the above reason.
Both sightings occurred within an hour of a scheduled rawinsonde weather balloon ascension at Greensboro, and an unscheduled rawinsonde release at Hurstville incidentally, very characteristic of the type of balloon observations received by ATIC, the conclusion reached is that the object seen at Hurstville was possibly a balloon.

III. Conclusion:
Possibly a balloon.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

UNCLASSIFIED