There does not appear to be any photograph present in this particular page of the UFO report document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

"heat lassen as I backed out from under the edge of the ship. I looked up and saw only the white color of the ship silhouetted against the sky. It was coming towards me with a dosen sharp toy and a glow with a sort of a phosphorescent, flash like appendage or light. The light seemed to get closer and brighter (or seemed to) as I was of them. (Comment: He repeated this frequent during the interview).
My friend and I had her to have seen the object as it appeared to move back as he approached).
As I backed my 1951 Pontiac on the object and could've got my eyes off of it, but as soon as I backed off I could see the object illuminated against the sky. I could see the object, it was about half the size of a large bushel basket opening and thought someone was going to watch me. (Comment: P-2-This could be an observation from inside more taking.)
I don't know how long I was out there possibly I was overcome with fright but couldn't see what it was. Next I have a red flare which appeared slowly but growing larger in size as if the thing was coming closer to me. He kept referring to the object as a "ship" all the time). I put my hands over my eyes (comments stamped, halting over each eye, falling toward the face and elbows in stomach). I could see a red mist around me, then I passed out.
As I began to come around I was stumbling and it was dark. I couldn't see and my eyes burned. I slowly began to come back. I couldn't for the life of me remember stumbling through the palmatero. I couldn't see and my eyes burned. I slowly began to come back. I couldn't remember running toward home. I didn't even know whether or not they were hitting the ground. I thought I might be dead. Next I saw the two cell flashlight. It is still missing.
16. He said that he was unable to sleep that night before. He said that he was unable to sleep that night before. He said that he was unable to sleep that night and finally went to sleep by taking several sleeping tablets. He grabbed that he had a dream in which he was fighting with the object and was fighting with the object. Upon waking, he found that he had lost the flashlight.  
17. Upon being reininterrogated as to times, he stated that he went into the weeds nearly exactly 9:45 p.m. He said for the boys to leave for help after 10 minutes. As near as he can determine from the fact, he was 4 minutes getting to the edge of the palmetero clearing.
18. Upon being reinterrogated about the color that he saw, he stated that it was an intense shiny green and he had never seen anything like it before. He could not state and knows how that material is made. He is not certain whether it was translucent or solid.
19. Upon being reinterrogated he went back over the following points:
a. It was hotter than standing next to an oven, more like walking beside a furnace.
- 4 -"