The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no identifiable human face in the image.

UNCLASSIFIED
In Reply
Refer To
T.IOGR-3
SUBJECT: Report of Unusual Flying Object
TO: DCS/Intelligence
Headquarters Tactical Air Command
Langley Air Force Base, Virginia
Captain George P. Arms, 445 47th Bomb Wing, and I were flying a T-11 aircraft, number 44-27495 from Cleveland, Ohio to Langley Air Force Base, Virginia, 11 Feb 52. When an unusual flying object was sighted near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The cold front cloud buildup had been encountered southeast of Pittsburgh, this could not be topped or penetrated due to extreme turbulence. We approached Pittsburgh from the south at approximately 5,000 feet, a brilliant lighted object was seen high to the right (1 o'clock) briefly flying a zig-zag course, then to disappear. This sighting occurred between 0300 and 0315 EST. At first we thought it was an aircraft, however, as the object approached, it showed no change in flame coloration or the object. However, as the object receded, it showed an abrupt change in altitude, in our estimation of the object, this would be impossible for any known aircraft at that time. Both of us thought it was a jet because of the speed, however, neither of us has ever seen a jet maneuver in this manner. The sighting reminded me of buzz-bomb' that I had seen many times in Belgium, however, the buzz-bomb has a stabilising flame which was only a fraction of the size, and was stationary. This object definitely was in excess of five (5) miles from our position. The cloud buildup on our flight at several miles, over which the object flew, and approached from about 15,000 feet, to disappear into the clouds above.
The sky was clear and well illuminated by a bright moon above the clouds. According to continuous observation, this object for approximately one minute prior to disappearance.
We landed at Pittsburgh at 0330 hours.
UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS: 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS: 
DOD DIR 5200.10