There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a text-based report.

The full text transcribed from the document is as follows:

"Bay another light. One scout wanted to go on, but we turned around and went back to the spot and stopped. He investigated the sound. He said that the scouts were throwing dirt and if he was not back to call for help. Nothing happened that I could see his light, them went off westward in the wooded area beside the road and saw his light and saw him fall. Then they can up the road to a house that had a light on. 

10. Approximately 1300 on 22 Aug 52 Capt Garry sent a staff car to pick up 11. I started down the road in front of the barn and during a conversation was advised to go to the camp of the Scouts down the road from Capt Garry's office. On the way there was a cooperative, he appeared to be normal, but just as he started to give his statement on the incident (which was cooperative, he seemed to be normal) the following account is taken from notes that were taken by Capt Kappell during the interview and are not near verbatim as possible.

11. "I was going south (long Military Trail) about 40 MPH looking around with 10 kids (Boy Scouts) when I caught sight of a light out of the corner of my eye. I looked around and saw a string of hazy lights like the cabin windows of a house. They seemed to move down toward the driveway 3 250 yards like the woods. Then the kids saw it too. 'Hey, look at that!' More than 1 kids saw it. It appeared to hover with kids then went down over the trees. The incident began about 2230 or 2300 hours, that if it was a secret project that had just come on, it was 9:45. I told the kids to estimate what they saw so far as help and it seemed to last several minutes. I judged the lights were about the size of headlights of an automobile and 3 of them in a formation. They were so hazy that I could not make out any details except the shape which appeared to be oval. I looked at it for 2 or 3 minutes and noticed four objects (about 8 inches in diameter) 2 230 ). Then a noticed an open space ahead of me and that could be a lake. It turned out to be a clearing. I saw no lights on the way in."

12. "Was I said I was surprised at reaching a clearing, thinking it might be a lake and I carefully stopped forward with the lights pointed toward the ground. I had a second two cell flashlight in my backpocket".

13. "When I first stepped into the clearing I noticed a peculiar smell. I went thru the clearing and had the flashlight on throughout the operation. There was a light fog and all I could see were the things on the ground. It was not light and humid like and it seemed to be oozing from above. It seemed to be coming from above. On being questioned on this point he meant that he couldn't see stars. I had my eyes wide open in my eyes. I pointed the flashlight to throw something or hit it with a switch. I fell for flashlight in my backpocket, but it was dead. I laid it aside and kept on with the flashlight from the car. This was the only light that had been on down into the clearing. It was daylight about 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning and I could then see the area clearly. At the bottom of the object was a dull black with no seamsor joints or rivets like. It had dirty streaks running downward possibly caused by the lighting effect of the clearing. When asked if they were circular concentric rings he said 'no'. I went to run but those, but was so excited I was so beside myself. I then got control of myself and backed away. I could feel the pine trees. I then got control of myself and backed away. I could feel the pine trees."