The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a typed report from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and transcribe the text from the document:

Group Number 5, was very similar to that of Rumor 2- although it was the time of appearance for this group of lights was approximately 12:30. This particular group of lights was traveling in a westerly direction and there were no changes in the aspects when they were traveling in the western sky and drifting away. The manner of the flight of this group was also similar to the other groups, and there was no corroboration of brilliances.

At approximately 12:45 AM September 15, 1952, there suddenly appeared in the sky a group of illuminated objects that were traveling in a northerly direction. This particular group of illuminated objects was traveling very fast and the number could not be accurately determined, but it was in the perfect formation as known as echelon, which has a diagonal line of march. This group was traveling in the western sky and, as in the previous cases, it was in the perfect formation as shown in the sketch. The speed and the area of the lights were traveling in the same case as the previous groups, and symmetrical form was distinctly observed.

The sighting of all the illuminated lights were in a green order, and in this particular order it definitely appeared that the distance of the diameter of any one of the others would be about three to four times the diameter of any one sphere. All the objects had equal brilliancies.

The high speed luminous movement of the lights passed overhead and to the east, and the disappearance was sudden - the lights went out of sight abruptly. This maneuver is described as similar to the previous case, and is definitely more pronounced, and the lights were moving in a somewhat different order - a diagonal formation. The impression received at this point regarding the two arms or formations of lights was that they were traveling in a diagonal line, and the distance and span between the two arms was about the same as the diameter of the other arm.

Due to the fact that of all the displays observed during this period of time, there had been an easy and progressive following each other. This was a visible case to note if there were no occurrences and that there was no erratic maneuvering - the lights simply disappeared out of sight.