There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text.

CIFAR, Tehran, Iran

Translation of Inst. no.3
Frontier Office
Office of Chief of Frontier Guard Report.

31/6/52. The investigational visit of the following officer to Report 2500 submitted on
13/6/52 - the available information about an unknown object observed near
FAYETTVILLE, GEORGIA, on 10/6/52. Major verification is required

1. First-hand information as to the subject with a diameter of approximately 1/2 meter.
It is stated that the object was sighted by a competent observer (a Police Corporal)
from a distance of about 200 - 400 yards. The object and persons were shown for
less than a minute. With fast speed it moved away from the observer eastwardly at
an altitude of 1,000 - 1,500 feet. There was no noise of an engine or the launching
machine.

2. It seems to be indicated that the object is not sighted from the ground. It is a very
similar light to that can be seen at night in a dark sky, leaving a visible trail as a
possible light or lights behind while it is flying.

3. Judging the speed, the size of the object cannot be estimated exactly. Assuming
the diameter is on the order of 1/2 meter, the speed would be calculated as
approximately 1,000 - 1,500 miles per hour, much greater than the speed of any
aircraft known to the observer. The maneuvering of the object is exceptional to the
knowledge of the observer in comparison to the ordinary flight of aircraft.

One kind of light was like a pulsating (stroboscopic) which was very powerful
and which distinguished from starlight. The light was bright and when moving
rapidly showed a distinct trail. From seeing the object, the observer says it was
seen as though it were standing still; at the same time this flight was extremely
rapid horizontally and vertically. It disappeared behind scattered trees and came
into view again. Several times during the observation the light was turned off and
on and when it was turned off it disappeared instantaneously. The light day
observer states that sunset was about 30 minutes before the observation and the
light was completely black in daytime and did not reflect singly under the sun.

The flight of the object apparently was not in a straight line but in a zig-zag fashion.
The object moved at times vertically, horizontally and diagonally. The speed did not
appear to vary much and the altitude was more than that of the highest airplanes.
The time of observation was between 20 to 30 seconds.