The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Sub j: The discovery and preliminary investigation of a stone-like object, which apparently fell from the air near Washington, D. C., which were the main things in it.

"The balls - quite small to something like one-eighth of an inch in the old-fashioned cartridges or centerfire 30-30 ammunition - were magnetic, and some were extracted with a magnet.

"The cement coating was principally calcium carbonate. There was not enough quantity in the brown stains for microscopic analysis.

"The general opinion of BOM is the Bureau of Standards who examined the object is that it is not a meteorite.

"It is not radio-active.

"It looked similar to slag."

20. I also have talked with Dr. Alvin Van Winkenburg of the National Bureau of Standards, who made the microscopic analysis of the material. He told me that it appeared to be something that could have been extracted most of them from the old fractured surface with a magnet. In a small bit on one of the surfaces (grounding the cylindrical surface), he said he had found a tiny bit of non-metallic substance, which appears to be silica. This indicates that this material was something that occurred from some time in the past, according to him, judging from the oxidation and other factors indicated in the history of the subject object.

21. At another time, not referred to above, Mr. K. Murdie stated to me, over the telephone, that the cement-like substance was of calcium carbonate and slight sulfilicoates. This material was in solution with distilled water (in determining its specific gravity) about a week ago; and the cement-like substance is still soft.

22. In my opinion, the subject object could have come from either an explosion in the upper atmosphere or from some unidentified source. I have some knowledge that the Civil Aeronautics Authority has stated that the Civil Aeronautics Authority has stated that this type of object has previously been observed over Washington, D. C., but were caused by solid objects. It seems to me to be possible that these objects could have been observed by sensitive observers of light, attention is given to the fact that meteorites are brilliant and leave traces (such as some/for spectroscopically have proven) which is made, according to Wehner's new colligation dictionary, "by directing an meteor".