The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED

1. This investigation was initiated upon receipt of a letter from a citizen. The nature of the letter was an Intelligence report on a sighting of what was believed to be an unidentified aerial object. The sighting was made on 12 August 1952 from Riverside, California, and was reported to the Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, to the extent that the object was tracked on radar.

2. This is a joint investigation of Special Agents OFFICER D.
OFFICER D. VANDER BUOY, and the resident.

3. On 10 May 1953 Lt. Col. WELCH, Hq, 4th Air Div, Hq Continental Air Command, Wright-Patterson AFB, to-the interested and Concerned parties was briefed on the results of the investigation. Information concerning the investigation was furnished to Project Blue Book, USAF.

The T-2 represents a copy of a letter to the Commanding General, dated 21 April 1953. The letter stated that on 12 August 1952 an unidentified flying object was sighted in the air over Riverside, California. The object was seen by residents of Riverside and tracked on radar by the Air Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. The object was described as a bright light, estimated to be 40-50 feet in diameter, traveling at an estimated speed of 300 - 400 miles per hour. The object was observed for approximately 15-20 minutes and was alleged to have hovered at times. The object was observed traveling in a northerly direction on Highjay 91, approaching and was alleged to have hovered over the automobile, killing the engine. The engine was restarted upon the object's departure.

UNCLASSIFIED

A. On 10 May 1953 Lt. Colonel WELCH was briefed on the results of the investigation. He stated that the sighting was investigated and it was determined that the object was a private aircraft flying in the area at the time. The object was observed as having lights which could have been mistaken for a flying saucer. He stated further that the Air Force had had many similar incidents reported, none of which could be authenticated as being unidentified flying objects.