This page in the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book does not contain any photographs. However, I can provide the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AF FORM 112 - PART II 
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1952
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

1. Det.1, 502nd G.I.R., HQ, APO 503 20-15E 3 OF 3 PAGES

Descriptive, positive, and are as accurate as possible at this moment. This object observed crew and all officers saw visually from a distance of approx. 2 miles and due to periodic changes in altitude and size it is difficult to give an accurate description as to size, shape, and design. However, the crew and all officers are convinced that this object was definitely under intelligent control. The speed, erratic maneuvers, and lifting and descending capabilities can only be explained by some means of propulsion other than conventional aircraft. The speed was estimated at approximately 600 mph. No noise or exhaust was observed, and no other similar aircraft were seen in the vicinity for comparison. Reporting officer believes that the object was manufactured, and was utilizing some unknown form of propulsion and is convinced that a detailed scientific investigation should be made of this phenomenon observed by the crew of this aircraft. 

DIST STAFF Comments:
1. The information presented describes an experience with those described by the ground observer. This corroborates the sighting (reference Case 1, Chorvon, 23-24 and 22-24).
2. The performance reported indicates that the object was possibly a flight test vehicle or unconventional aircraft.
3. The location of the sighting was just south of Chorvon, approximately 160 miles northwest of Seoul.
4. Due to the erratic maneuvers of the object it may have been impossible for the ground radar to have tracked the object.
5. No explanation can be readily arrived at, nor has any investigation been made for failure of the ground radar to detect the object.

SAMUEL C. WHITE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Intelligence

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; 
NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED