The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a statement by Captain Edward J. Ruppelt of the U.S. Air Force.

STATEMENT

On 29 July 1952, the undersigned was on a routine night training flight. The flight consisted of two F-84J aircraft which were working in conjunction with a TPS-1B tracking unit. After completing six attempts on the range, the number two man was called back to a higher altitude. While climbing out on a heading of 270 degrees at an altitude of 20,000 feet, the TPS-1B radar lost the aircraft as information on its exact position. Shortly thereafter, the TPS-1B radar picked up the aircraft again at 26,000 feet. It informed the four aircraft and they were unable to locate the area and found nothing. I informed the radar operator of this, and was asked to reacquire the target. It was very clear so I attempted to observe it. Le Ro[i]fen[b]erg called and said he had a target at 2130 (local). Four miles at a bearing of 300 degrees. His instructions were: "observe the target, it is intermittent". He then said the target was gone. At 2140 (local), the target reappeared and I attempted to observe it. It was intermittent at first and then appeared to be solid. It rapidly accelerated and climbed to an altitude of 40,000 feet and then returned to the range area at 21,000 feet. The chase was abandoned as the target was so fast. After following the target for approximately twenty minutes, it disappeared and no contact could be made on it. The chase was abandoned as the target was getting too low, and no sight could be made on it. Changing flight which has a definite sequence of lights, had and erratic course, and during the time it was observed, no other known aircraft were in the area and it appeared to keep from six to ten miles from the aircraft. It had the target on their Radar and it appeared to keep from six to ten miles from the aircraft.

EDWARD J. RUPPELT
Captain, USAF

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED

DOD DIR 5200.10