There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR text of the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

APPENDIX II 

Mitchel AFB, New York - 21 January 1952 

I. DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT 

At approximately 0950 EST on 21 January 1952, a U.S. Navy pilot flying a TBM aircraft sighted an unidentified object southeast of Mitchel AFB. The TBM was on a heading at approximately 45°. When first noticed, the object was low at an angle of about 45° from the aircraft. The location of the aircraft was about three runways lengths from the end of, and lined up with, Runway #30 (300°). The object appeared to be halfway between the aircraft and the end of the runway. The pilot's first impression was that the object was a parachute and he thinks he noticed wedge or pie-shaped segregations on the top, however, he realized that the object was going cross-wind and that it could not be a drifting parachute. He judged its angular size to be the same as the angle subtended by a house on the ground and by watching the object cover the equivalent of a city block. He judged the speed to be 300 knots. He judged the altitude to be 200-300 feet. It appeared to be on a course of about 225°.

The pilot started a left turn (see overlay) in an attempt to identify the object. He states that he kept the airspeed of the TBM at about 160 knots and kept a nearly constant altitude of 6000 feet, all during the turn. He estimated that he was pulling from two to three G's in the turn. At one point near position #3 of the aircraft (see overlay) he had to increase his angle of bank to nearly 90° to keep the object from disappearing under the wing of the aircraft.

The pilot's version of the attempted interception is shown on the enclosed overlay. He stated that the paths shown are not exact due to the fact that he was concentrating on the object and not his position, although he occasionally looked at the airfield to get reference points.

The object stayed below the TBM during most of the time it was in sight. When the aircraft was somewhere near position 4, the object appeared to start a rapid climb, accelerating to an estimated 500 knots; and when it was at an angle of about 100° above the pilot's horizontal line of vision, it disappeared. When the object disappeared, the TBM was near position #5. The object did not diminish in apparent size except possibly near the end of the chase, it just disappeared. The pilot was very positive in his statement that when he was north of Mitchel AFB he could see the object. The course on which the object disappeared was established by lining up the aircraft with the apparent path of object and reading the compass.

The object appeared to be cone-shaped, or similar to the vertical cross-section of a parachute canopy. The top was light colored, like nylon; and the under-surface was dark. It had a length to depth ratio of about 1:3.

"DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10 
9 
UNCLASSIFIED 
TS2-5836