The image appears to contain a typewritten report document from Project Blue Book, dated May 13, 1952. The report describes an incident that occurred on the same date at 2233 EST in Greenville, South Carolina, where four amateur astronomers observed a diamond-shaped formation of four oval-shaped objects in the sky. The objects were described as being relatively stationary and overhead, disappearing at an angle of about 12 degrees in three seconds. The report states that the sources believed these were geese, but that one observer was inclined to believe they were not.

The text of the report is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
13 May 1952
Greenville, South Carolina

Description of Incident:
On 13 May 1952 at 2233 EST, four amateur astronomers observed a diamond formation of four oval-shaped objects. The objects were observed as distinctly overhead and disappeared in nearly overhead and disappearing at an angle of about 12° in three seconds. They were described as being relative in size to a half dollar, quarter turned, at arm's length. The objects appeared to wobble in their flight and bouncing oval-shaped maneuvers.

The night was extremely clear. The sources stated that there was haze and ground illumination near the city, but there were no ground lights near nor haze around the campus and that there were no ground lights near nor haze.

Two observers were inclined to believe these were geese.

The description of this incident is very similar to others from drive-in theaters and one from Fargo, North Dakota, on 22 April 1952, that were described as such lights hovering and stopping and starting very quickly. People in a dark area, which is essential for good astronomical observing, had seen similar escapes in a dark area, which is essential for good astronomical observing.

It is not known how much light a bird will reflect, but it seems logical that a relatively bright ground source of light would be needed.

As was stated, one source was sure they were geese but the other three were just as sure they were not.

The possibility of aircraft is nil since they passed directly overhead with no sound.

CONCLUSION:
Unknown

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
25 OCT 2010 DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED