The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

It is stated that in 1948 he had had an accident in which an automobile mobile slipper of some sort fell on his stomach. The results of this accident were hospitalization for 3 months.

When asked if he had ever had photographs, he stated a flat "no", looking to the best of his recollection, he had never had a photograph taken by anyone and was still looking, as it was impossible for him to have had a photograph taken.

He said that some time ago, on 17 Aug 52, Capt. Davis and Lt Olsson of ATIC, Capt Carley and an airman from the 1707th Air Base Wing Intelligence, who conducted an interview with the witness, who said he had no other staff-car driver visited the scene of the incident. (See attached map and photographs).

The deputies gave their account of the incident: At about 2200 CST on the night of 19 Aug 52, they were called and told that the Heydonns were at a house asking for help. They proceeded to separate cars to the house (3 persons in witness' car) at approximately 2:30 they met them coming through the Palmer Station area in their cars. They stated the light was a little smaller than a basketball and was low - about a foot off the ground. As it approached they watched as it gradually dimmed. After it had passed, they said they saw no possible means of propulsion, and it finally came out and explained the incident to the officers. They made one definitive conclusion: in all their experience they had never seen a person as frightened as this witness at that time.

The witness said he saw a light that was an oval, slightly larger than a basketball, and about 3 feet off the ground. It was silent, and a yellowish-white in color, and hovered for about 10 seconds. He said it then went straight up and disappeared rapidly. The report describes that the witnesses claimed this was a place where a person had been lying near the light. The spot where the object hovered was examined, and it was found that the grass and foliage had been scorched or trampled down in a circle about 50 yards around.

One boy scout, a boy about 12, was also contacted. In the presence of his parents he stated that he had been riding with detectives and two other boy scouts. As they were passing the spot where the object was seen, a bright light suddenly appeared just ahead of their vehicle. It did not seem to actually enter the vehicle, but rather entered the windshield area and then disappeared.