The document does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text output from the document using OCR:

---

AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: 4708th Defense Wing
DOI: Selfridge AFB, Michigan

On 25 May 1952, at 2115 hours, Mr. ----------- observed an unusual object in the sky from the backyard of his home on Walnut Lake. With him were his wife, -----------. Coordinates of Walnut Lake are 42° 34' N - 83° 20' W. Object was initially thought to be the moon, but was then observed to be drifting slowly to the west. The party then followed it by car for 1/2 mile when it changed directions and headed north. They estimated it to be 1000 feet high. It ----------- stopped their car on a promontory and took a photo of the object. They saw that it would soon enter a large cloud and proceeded to Pine Lake to observe this. Pine Lake is 2 miles north of the Walnut Lake. Observers reasoned that if the object was the moon, it would be passed by that cloud in a natural manner. The object entered the cloud and it was noticed a red glow within the cloud at one time. Other members of the party did not detect this. The object did not appear on the opposite end of the cloud. It then showed up suddenly at a point beneath the cloud, roughly halfway between the earth and the cloud. It had been under observation for approximately 20 minutes proceeding its entrance into the cloud, and, after it reappeared, it was watched for 10 minutes. Another photo was taken at this time. When it was seen to be drifting north again two watchers entered the car and drove to US highway 24 to follow it, but in moving from the Pine Lakes area to the highway the object was lost and could not be found, although the car was driven at a fairly high rate of speed.

Mr. ----------- describes the object as larger than the moon, with no yellow or orange color, and noiseless, with no trail of any kind following it. It moved slowly at all times. The observers estimated it to be 200 feet in diameter and 20 feet thick. It seemed to have light and darker areas on its periphery, suggesting windows. Those were described as looking like "the side of an accordion." The weather in the area was described as hazy, with stars dimly visible; the sky very black, making for great contrast between the object and the sky.

Mr. ----------- rereported a similar object on 27 April 1952. This was reported on AF Form 112 submitted by this headquarters on 1 May 1952. He is employed as an advertising manager of a paint company in Detroit. Mr. ----------- is employed at The Detroit Tank Arsenal.

Mr. ----------- was contacted on 27 May 1952 and stated that, although the photos were developed with special care by a friend of his who is a photographic technician, they were of no value. He indicated that the camera he used was inadequate and time exposures were not taken.

A check was made with the 661st AC & W unit here and nothing unusual was reported in the area at the time of observation. An SA-16 from this base was over this sighting area's approximately 2100 hours at 6000 feet and reported nothing unusual. The crew reported weather bad in the area.

Northern lights phenomena were reported visible on the nights of 26 and 27 May in this general area.

Mr. -----------

DOWNGRADED AT 17 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

---

Note: Redacted information, such as names, addresses, and certain details, are indicated by ----------- in the transcription.