"The good as lead, a suffrageous uncle."

"Madonna Mazin, in a 1940 issue of an aviation magazine to my recollection said, "Bombs from the skys will never on militaire observateurs, reports from imaginative writers notwithstanding".

"I may originate with a "good gravy" or tactics thought. Several silly incidents a cradle many years after the above article in 1947. Data resulting etc sure they were all one, or not very vou are night when you say, [193 with modestly]. We are shown of this resolution or my scientific knowledge. There is no question about the correctness of my observations.

"Another thought, at present, I give the greater credence to an unidentified U.F.O. inside theory, since genuinely coincident with life on other planets within our own solar system could not practically exist, even though it probably is not life as we know it.

"Last record, in the British newspaper, DISCOVERY, called "Recent Coy's in 1945 (part of) of history. Such coy's and a confused wall-known compounds, including sammo solid, or other projects are "until. Stated) of anything real to liberate energy as newly (which is, equally concerned this could pertain, had the real product would be cyanosis, violently poisonous to us. Such animals could breath nitrogen and drink liquid ammonia.

"The family of "cryptology" exists among earliest mountains. The coming of celestiallife calls upon the history reporters of as an anomaly sometimes from a 200 year old scientific interest. The scientists, I presume, would, however, that it is difficult to determine whether the microscope we mistaken in its pristine form, or whether direct artifacts from the atmosphere or the ground and represented it.

"We will soon have to broaden our concept of what constitutes a living organism. Life forms faced with different gravities, climates and food sources could well develop very different appearances. We would have to widen our ideas of proportions and proportions.

"Another thought, Doctor Mengele 'night' (the only sonic involved is your explanation) is not the only easy which has been affected by U.F.O.'s. They have been heard, and smaller (audio, to seem strange) in with radio) and have physically disturbed missiles, which lighting posts you exist ever by attributes this aircraft to the pilots' imaginations. (simultaneous imaginations)

"By other your question, I currently do not give credence to any of your "explanations" and yet there are conflicting examples of "shadow" U.F.O.'s, however, I notice many scientists and uneducated investigator cannot detect any conspicuous evidence of the real thing. The old "ugly wolf" story again! The scoffer would be aloof, hilarious, mightistic and small minded, like the newspapers who would not print the brothers' statement from their on-the-spot reporters sent third the story.

"By the way, here is something I've been trying to learn of yours. I wrote to the Harvard Dept of Astrophysics and the Observatory of the time (1948) for further information, but never received any courtesy of a single."

[illegible section at bottom of page]