There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains only text and no visual elements.

UNCLASSIFIED 
24 July 1952
REPORT ON FLYING OBJECTS AS OBSERVED AT PATRICK AFB, FLORIDA

On 30 July 1952, flying objects were observed over Patrick AFB, Florida. Between the hours of 2100 and 2230, four different objects were observed by several aircraft maintenance personnel. They observed an object approach the base from the South at a very high speed, come to a halt directly over the field, reverse its direction with no apparent turn. At this time an object was seen at high altitudes. This object subsequently one was seen at lower altitudes. This was approximately five seconds later. A fourth object was shortly seen in the West at an angle of approximately 20 degrees from the observers' position, proceeded West, made a wide 180 degree turn over the field and returned to the same original position. Time observed in this observance was ten seconds.

The same type of objects still within a period of five to six minutes. The objects were reported as appearing like a great star of amber color, weather storm balloon with intermittent flashes of light directed on objects but no contacts were made. These two types of objects appear to be related and may have been part of the same tracking.

Five additional personnel reported the same objects and performance which included the airborne officers on duty at the time, control tower operator, aircraft dispatcher and two transient pilots from Wright-Patterson AFB.

Two observations were made on 19 July; however, no report was made.
On 21 July, the undersigned received a call from an airman at 2200 hours reporting a similar object over the field. Two minutes later a call was received from two Colonels on the base, one a former intelligence officer who reported the object had disappeared from the first observer's sight. The undersigned immediately went outdoors to observe the objects which had disappeared by that time. Approximately 3 or 4 minutes later an object was observed by me directly overhead flying on a course of 280 degrees at high altitudes with estimated speed in excess of 700 mph. The object was steady and was flying on an unvarying course with no variation observed. Altitude was estimated to be 20,000 feet. Based on this figure, the speed was approximately 700 mph.
UNCLASSIFIED