There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. The image shows an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, containing a detailed textual description of a sighting of a baseball-shaped unidentified flying object over Tokyo, Japan on August 5, 1952.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

In accordance with Air Force Letter No. 200-5, subject: Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting, dated 10 September 1952, paragraph 7, sub-paragraph e, the following information is submitted:

(1) Description-
Shape - A baseball-shaped object with a light trail similar to that of a large shooting star.
Size - The object's size was as large as, or slightly larger than, the size of a baseball. The size appeared to be approximately 2 to 3 times larger than that of a shooting star.
Color - When first observed, the color was light orange and yellow, but changed into white with a bluish tinge, and at the last moment changed to orange just prior to its separating into two.
Number of Objects - One. However, at the last moment during observation, the object separated into two (2) round objects.
Speed - The speed of the object was considered much more than that of a conventional jet aircraft. 
Sound - There was no sound.
Maneuver - The object flew almost in a straight line, but had a slight change in direction.
Manner of Disappearance - At the last moment of observation, the object separated into two (2) small objects and this separated into the same direction as the original object.

(2) Time of Sighting - 23:45 P.M. (23:15 hrs) Tokyo Time, 5 August 1952.

(3) Manner of Observations: Visual, from the earth's surface.

(4) Location of Observer: Vicinity of Western Suburb of Tokyo, Japan.
Location of Object: The object flew from West to East horizontally approximately 260 to 290 from the observer. The altitude of observation was from an azimuth of 350° to 5°.

(5) Identifying Information of Observer: Mr. _________, a Japanese National, is a man with 15 years of civil engineering experience. This statement by him, but that other people in the Tokyo Area also observed the same sighting.