The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, specifically a letter from the Harvard College Observatory in Cambridge, Massachusetts, dated February 14, 1952.

Text extracted from the document:

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS 

February 14, 1952

Dear Capt. [REDACTED],

I am certainly grateful to you for your letter of February 9. The report that you gave me was not prepared with the thought that it would receive wide distribution. I do not have time for a lengthy reply, but I shall try to answer a few of your questions.

Is the sightings report, I am not sure whether I am "adding to the Air Force files". Or whether they were willing to investigate. But for your consideration, I have enclosed a summary of the information received. The sighting referred to, and the discussion of it, has already been the subject of careful scrutiny and analysis. The conclifion reached, based on the circumstantial evidence, is that the object seen was a reflection. The "light" involved was traced to the lighted windows of a bomber. The "rapid ascent" and "rapid descent" were attributable to the movement of the bomber relative to the observer.

My recent access to Air Force files was denied since the incident was considered obscure and to be of no great consequence. The possibility of conveyance of certain information was hampered by certain instructions, not to be revealed - to be disclosed only officially. I believe that my position as a civilian is in the current position of the Air Force, who by official pronouncement still consider serious study of such cases as COMING within their purview. And from such disclosures and from my examination of the files, I have come to the conclusion that none of their explanations, including some of the classic categories, satisfies the situation of some of these cases. I was unable to obtain any voluntary assistance on their part. This continues to be a source of my disappointment. I am not criticizing, I am explaining this by way of information. It is not possible for me, by taking about dying gagets or investigating the sightings myself, to advance knowledge in this field. Perhaps some general improvement in the official position of the Air Force towards civilian participation in such matters might help me,

I am returning this to you in accordance with my custom of destroying material.