There does not appear to be any photographs included in this page of the Project Blue Book document. However, the document contains the following text that has been transcribed:

Maj. USMC, Ret. Jan. 26, 1953
Data for Air Force, to accompany the approximately 50 feet of 8 mm. color film of unidentified aerial objects, taken near Landrum, S.C. on NOV. 15, 1952.

1. Owner of film: Pascagoula, Miss. 

2. The original pictures were taken by D. and C. Cold Spring Harbor, L. I. They were taken at sunset on Nov. 16, 1952, by the side of the Abernethy Farm, near Landrum, S.C. Time: 5:15 p.m.

3. The first part of the strip was with a 1 and one-half inch telephoto lens, set at 16 frames per second, with an F 3.5 setting on a Bell and Howell 8 mm camera. The second part of the film was taken with the camera's regular lens set at F 2.5. There were many more objects visible than can be seen on the film. 

4. Sky was clear at the point where the pictures were taken, but broken clouds on western horizon were sufficient to give color to the sunset.

5. Eleven objects were sighted. Data on variation in altitude, sound, color, etc., is given in copies of personal letters below.

This film is submitted by TRUE Magazine, in accordance with an agreement that the Air Force will analyze the film, make two copies, and give its opinions, within security limits, to Mr Air Force Press Desk, has promised TRUE, during conversations with Mr. that no publicity will be given this film without Mr. permission, and that no copies will be shown to anyone but representatives of TRUE (except of course Air Force personnel).

Data on G__ W__:
He is 26, married, father of a six-months-old son. Born in Natchez, Miss. ; he served 4 months in the U.S. Navy, World War II. Part of service in Pacific. Discharged, entered Tulane U, 1946, graduated 1950 with BA degree in journalism. Employed for a year on copy desk New Orleans picayune. Then went to Ingalls Shipbuilding Corporation, Pascagoula, Miss., and took job of editing industrial papers. Ingails News. Has lived around the country: Arizona, New Mexico, Mississippi, New Hampshire, Kentucky, and North and South Carolina.

Letters from G____ W___ and his wife and father to his son. The elder G_____ W____ is retired as a result of WWI I disabilities.
First letter: Sunday 11-30-52.