There is no photograph or image present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The page contains typed text describing an incident where an unidentified aerial object was observed near Landrum, South Carolina on November 16, 1952. The text includes details about the object's appearance, movement, and the investigation of the incident.

CASE #2:
Major [REDACTED], activated, sent a letter on 26 Jan 53 to ATIC describing an incident. A film was submitted by Capt. [REDACTED] with an agreement that the Air Force would analyze the film, make 2 copies, and give its opinion, within security limits, to [REDACTED] owner of the film. The film submitted was approximately 50" of 8 mm color film of unidentified aerial objects taken near Landrum, South Carolina, on 16 November 1952. Mr. [REDACTED], Air Force Press Desk, has promised that no publicity will be given to the owner of the film without his consent and that no copies will be shown to anyone but representatives of ATIC (except, of course, Air Force personnel).
The following dispatch was incorporated into the data submitted by Major [REDACTED] within his letters. This data concerns the object which McLenna photographed. Dispatch is dated 16 November 1953, Florence, South Carolina. Dispatch states that "several hundred converters" including an official of CAA observed this object which was reported in the sky over Florence. It slowly circled to the SW and then disappeared. [REDACTED], aircraft communicator for the CAA, watched the object for 6 minutes and described it as first appearing in the W at about 10,000' and slowly moving to the SW before disappearing. He said the object was glowing extremely brightly and likened its shape to a saucer tilted at an angle of about 20' with this edge down and bearing no sound or smoke. [REDACTED] was a n aircraft communicator for the CAA for 11 years and a licensed pilot at the time of sighting. Ellis added that a check with Shaw AFB showed no jet aircraft aloft in the vicinity. He also added that the CAA station at Lumberton had reported sighting an object. No such incident in files of ATIC.