This page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
                                          -31-

other specialities that would fit into this. Following that, 
if it is necessary, we will send it to consultants or 
specialists in the field. Your mention of a contractor -- 
we are considering that with the idea, if we can't come out 
with an answer, of giving it to a contractor to study it. 
That won't be a short-time job.

                 THE PRESS:  Are you taking a new approach in this 
whole thing?

                 COLONEL BOWER: I would say implementing the past 
approach.

                 THE PRESS: Going at it more systematically.

                 COLONEL BOWER: Yes. I think that's the thing to 
stress. In a lot of these things you can't get technical 
data and without technical data you can't get a technical 
answer very well.

                 MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Maybe I have a thought 
that might help in answering that problem. When we started 
to say this is an obligation we must learn more about, we 
thought initially that we could learn something from volume 
of reports.  We say we want all the reports we can get and 
then see that through that volume maybe we can make a pattern. 
I think we're beginning to believe now that the things which 
we can sense from volume are not necessarily the things which 
we value.  In other words, volume can come from many different 
things. It can come from external stimulous. It can come from 
an unusual opportunity. It can come from such a variety of 
meaningless things so that the volume of reports is not going 
to be our answer. We have thought we'd get thousands and 
thousands of reports and out of these we will develop something 
that has pattern. We're now becoming convinced that only 
through better reports with equipment or with a trained 
reporter specifically attempting to report the valuable things 
about these items are we likely to produce material that is 
suitable grist for a scientific analysis. Ths stuff we have 
now hasn't enough meat on its bones to interest scientific 
people.

                THE PRESS: Well, General, would you say a qualified 
observer would be the pilot from New Castle -- I believe his 
name was Lieutenant Patterson -- who got within what he 
estimated was two miles of this object last Saturday? Have 
you questioned him?
```