The document features hand-drawn illustrations rather than actual photographs. These illustrations appear to depict unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as described in the report. There are three main drawings in the document:

1. The first depicts a blacked-out ellipse with a clear, dotted outline, labelled "Glowing orb."
2. The second image shows an irregular line annotated as "Paint Light Reflected From Overcast above Object."
3. The third drawing, similar to the first, shows a dotted outlined ellipse, labelled "Glowing orb 3200° color," with additional smaller lights beneath it, described as "Small Lights Underneath Appeared to be Reflected Eight From Within Object on Either Itself or Something Underneath."

Here is the text as an OCR system output:

```
0023 MST  30 Aug
Visual Observation
of Flying Object
by Capt. T.B. Benton

Appeared to be About
Size of a Lockheed
Constallation about 20
miles Away

Glowing orb

< of This Configuration
Below 12,000 Ft Overcast.

T B Benton
Capt USAF

At 00.35 MST 30 Aug
The Object was Observed
Through 7X50 Binoculars and
appeared to be the Size of a
Constallation About 25 Miles away
Lockheed

                                                   Paint Light Reflected
                                                   From Overcast above Object

                                                                                                                   Small Lights Underneath
                                                                                                                   Appeared to be Reflected
                                                                                                                   Eight From Within Object
                                                                                                                   on Either Its Self or
                                                                                                                   Something Underneath

Glowing orb
3200° color

The object appeared to hover for about 14 minutes and then slowly travel in 
an orbit about 4 miles across: then it headed northerly at a speed of about
200 K occasionally (                                                                                 )
```

Some text is cut off or obscured at the bottom right, hence the incomplete part in parentheses.