The image contains a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page appears to be a report on a sighting of an unidentified aerial object.

The text on the page is as follows:

3307TH TRAINING SQUADRON (CONTRACT FLYING)
MARANA AIR BASE
Marana, Arizona

15 April 1952

SUBJECT: Sighting of Unidentified Aerial Object

TO: 30:

On 3 April 1952, Squadron II, Class 52-C, was assigned a triangular cross-country navigational flight, vis.: Marana - Winslow - Gallup - El Paso - Marana. Each student was required to follow a specific course and to report observations at checkpoints and turns, as well as any unusual occurrences to the control tower and instructor for the purpose of acting as radio communication center, checking each student's flight plan, etc. One aircraft was to be used in the training, and the instructor was to be in the area in the event one of the cadets missed the turning point. This aircraft consisted of the Patrol Ship.

By duties this date consisted of flying the Patrol Ship at the Marana airport and approximately at 0515, soon after I landed, one of our cadets flew over at an altitude of approximately 15,000 ft. and called in a radio message giving his ship's position. I immediately looked up and observed this object which was moving in a northern direction. It appeared as a bright, stationary object, and upon positive identification it was requested to turn left to right (to do not move directly) and we reported this incident by vision. This procedure necessitated our vision to be constantly directed upward.

One of our instructors, spotting an object in the sky and directed attention to all his students as it was a brilliant, glowing white and rather fast, and would guess to be at an altitude of more than 50,000 ft. It was not exactly round, but rather oval in appearance.

I watched it for about thirty or forty minutes, and felt it familiar that it did not move, but rather hovered in that same spot where it had been first observed.

A cadet by the name of flew over and remarked that he could not distinguish it, and the instructor directed him to fly towards it. This he did not care to do. The object then appear to fly off.

As this incident occurred so closely as closely as possible, so I took off and climbed to an altitude of 13,500 ft. I did not have oxygen. At this altitude the object did not look larger. It was more brilliant because the sky was clearer and blue. I flew around for about 20 minutes which the country operations then descended and landed.

After a little time, I asked if I could see the object. I looked upward, and could not see it as the object had disappeared.