There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the OCR text output from the document:

```
same angle of vision as a house. This would make the slant range to the
ground 8,500 ft. It can be shown timt an object thought to be 30 ft. in
diameter (assuming an average house is 30 ft. long) at 8,500 ft. range
could also have been a six ft. diameter balloon only 1,700 ft. from the obser-
ver or at about 1,800 ft. altitude. Allowing for errors in estiration of the
angle, this coincides very closely to the altitude of the balloon at 0952. The
position of the balloon in respect to the ground was approximately off the end
of Runway #30.

The pilot stated that the object appeared to be on a heading of 225",
the reciprocool of the heading of the TBM, and the speed of the object was
about 200 knots. The balloon would appear to be traveling on a reciprocal
heading and appear to be traveling at a higher rate of speed than the TBM
tf the pilot had assumed the balloon to be a large object close to the ground.

In examining the turn as sketched by the pilot (see overlay), it is
believed thnt the radius of turn in too great. He stated thut the air speed
was kept at 160 knots and he sustained ho pulled two to three G's, this would
give a radius of turn of about 1,500 ft. instead of the nearly 6,000 ft. radius
shown on the overlay. It will also be noted thut in positions 0, 1, 2, and 3
on the overlay, the bearing of the object is relatively constant, being of
about 10 o'clock from the aircraft heading. A balloon seen from an aircraft
making a 360° left turn around the balloon would have a constant bearing at
9 o'clock, however, errors in the sketch of the ground tracks could account
for this discrepancy.

After the position of the aircraft given as point 3 on the overlay, it
is more difficult to show that the object could have been the balloon. If
point 4 (of aircraft) is shifted to near point 1 (aircraft) it is possible
that the pilot stared another 360" turn around the balloon (see overlay).

The major discrepancies in the theory the object was a balloon are
that the pilot was very sure that at one tine during the attempt to intercept
the balloon he was north or northwest of the airfield and could still see the
object. In addition, shortly before the object disappeared, the line of
sight of the object began to swing toward the nose of the uircraft. If this
were true and the object was a balloon, the pilot should have been able to
come close enough to the object to identify it as a balloon.

It should be noted that the pilot admits that the sketch could bo in
error. During the reinterrogation, it was brought out by the Operation's
Officer at Mitchel AFB, who conducted the original interrogation, that the
first sketch the pilot drew was about half the size (i.e. all radii one half)
of the final sketch which has been copied in the inclosed overlay. This is
further brought out by the calculations for the radius of turn. The pilot was
positive thut his airspeed was always 160 knots and that he was pulling about
two to three G's. As stated before, this would give a radius of turn of about
1,500 ft. instead of the 6,000 ft. as shown on the overlay. A 6,000 ft. radius
turn in not considered likely during any interception tactics in an aircraft as
slow as a TEN. Ihnnging the radius of the 360" turn to 1,500 ft. would "shrink"
the complete sketch to one-fourth the original size (see overlay).

DQUWNi. Hl'.'G AT it YK9R INTERVALS; IINCIASSil'IED
JDECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
»00 DID nit 820.19

752-5836
```