There is no photograph present in the given image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document.

Director of Intelligence
Mr. Torn Air Force
AIRMAN DAMOB 7-22

AERIAL MICHIGAN, MANITOU BEACH along the MANITOU BEACH ROAD in his car. The object was first observed while he was driving along Manitou Beach Road, approximately 10 yards south of his position.

(2) observed the light to be stationary at first, then it started moving, making a slight circling motion, then disappearing, then reappearing to the south of his position.

(3) stated the light appeared to be hovering at a low altitude of approximately twenty-five (25) feet. It remained stationary for approximately thirty (30) seconds.

(4) estimated the diameter of the light object to be approximately thirty (30) feet.

(5) ent to be circular in shape, with no sound or exhaust emanating from it.

So, AIRMAN DAMOR stopped his car at the approximate location that he last observed the light or object and investigated to see if any damage had been done to the car.

Approximately one (1) or two (2) seconds later, another light or object appeared approximately forty (40) yards south of AIRMAN DAMOR'S position and traveled in an arc of ninety (90) degrees or more at altitudes varying from twenty-five (25) to three hundred (300) feet. This light or object was observed for approximately sixty (60) seconds and then disappeared.

AIRMAN DAMOR states that there were no farm houses in the vicinity and no passing motorists to verify his sightings.

TENTH AIR FORCE DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE COMET:
1. AIRMAN DAMOR is assigned as a DRAFTSMAN for the DEPUTY FOR OPERATIONS and is considered by the USAF as reliable and responsible.

2. No local aircraft were in the vicinity at the time of sightings.

3. This GOES AMCF SQUADRON at SHEFFIELD AIR FORCE BASE indicated no unusual radar observations.

4. Weather conditions at time of sightings:
(1) Visibility - 4 to 5 miles; ground fog in patches
(2) Clouds - Negative