There is no photograph present on this page.

Below is the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

```
AF FORM 112—PART II. 
APPROVED 1 June 194

From: (Av..... 
674th AC& W Sq), Osceola, Wis. Rep ort No. 3-52 

D. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECTS: Numerous unidentified flying objects of undefined size or shape were sighted by ground sight means in the early morning of 29 July 1952 by members of the 674th AC& Search Sq., Osceola, Wisconsin, who were on duty. Size of the blips which constituted the sightings were normal with the exception of one (1) Large well defined target (Reference is made to Incl #1, this report), speed of this target was 500 knots as computed on the radar scope set on the fifty (50) nautical mile range. The remainder of the sightings were individual sightings having multiple targets, up to ten (10), appearing in loose similar areas on the radar scope ( Reference is made to Incl #2, this report), speed of these targets was fifty (50) to sixty (60) knots as computed on the radar scope set on the fifty (50) nautical mile range. The only possible formation noted during the entire sightings period was during one of two (2) of the sightings which consisted of multiple targets where two (2) or three (3) of these targets sight possibly have been moving in a loose formation. All targets suddenly appeared on the radar scope and after having travelled between thirty (30) and seventy (70) nautical miles would suddenly disappear. Targets did not \(appear on the height indicators due to enormous propagation. Targets followed a general pattern of appearing one behind the previous target of the sighting station and proceeding easterly until a new pattern would appear before the old patter would have disappeared. In the sightings which consisted of multiple targets (Reference is made to Incl #2, his report) With the exception of possible formation movement (no applirable indicators) targets progressed across the radar scope, until disappearing, independently of each other in regard to track and heading with some targets making a long course. There was some correlation between these electronic Signings and visual sightings made by a pilot of the 109th Flnt-Jet Intercepter Sq., Minneapolis Field, Minneapolis, Minn., who was scrambled by the 674th ACAW Sq. Scramble in conjunction with the radar sightings. This correlation occurred both on the sightings in the same area at the same time. Pilot estimated height of objects he visually saw at 25.000 feet. Sightings station personnel were responsible fur possible unidentified flying objects at this station, Report is made dux to a Ground Observer Corps report of visual sighting of unidentified flying objects.

E. TIME OF SIGHTINGS: Sightings occurred between 290135 and 292036 lasting

|| c. MANNER OF SIGHTINGS: Sightings covered by this report were Made by ground electronic equipment. Type of equipment—an/CPS-6B, Frequency—27B3/t5 0  3005mc/s; 1700—600FPS. Antenna title—For sighting in which targets would do tined blip (Reference is made to Incl #1, this report) stenna tilt was nine (9) degress, For/sither sightings(Reference ia made to incl #2, this report) antenna tilt was five (5) degrees. All motor rendering were normal and equipment was amctiotong, properly. 

LOCATION: Location of sighting station is 45/15N—92/3/5.... lburgets would appear on the radar scope In A general area twenty (29) to thirty (30) nautical miles southwest to south of sighting static and sipther w travelling southeast would disappear from the radar scope in a general area thirty (30) nautical miles southeast of sighting station(Reference is made to Incl #2, this report).
```