The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

OUTPUT TEXT:

United States
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
CLASSIFICATION(U): Unidentified Flying Object (Short title: UFOB)
PLACE: Millheim, Pa.
DATE-TIME GROUP: 3 Aug 1952
SUMMARY: Information developed regarding an unidentified flying object sighted over the Millheim, Pa. area.
DETAILS:
1. On 3 Aug 52, a high school student, William P. Reilly, Millheim, Pa., reported observing an unidentified flying object in company with three other persons. The object was described as moving at a high rate of speed, and compared to the size of a half-dollar at arm's length. It was seen over a period of approximately 60 seconds and disappeared suddenly. No noise or exhaust was reported.
2. Civilian Observers:
Air Force Letter No. 200-5, 29 Apr 52, Subject: Reports of Unidentified Flying Objects, paragraph 6a, states in part: "The names and addresses of responsible and reliable civilian observers should be included." The following civilian observers were contacted and their statements obtained:
(1) William P. Reilly, age 16, student, Millheim, Pa. - Reported object was observed together with 3 companions, traveling at high speed, noiseless, and disappearing suddenly. Estimated duration of observation about 60 seconds.
(2) Kenneth G. Fisher, Millheim, Pa. - Confirmed Reilly's report and stated that the object was sighted by the group in daylight from their backyard.
(3) *** S. Fisher, Millheim, Pa. - Confirmed Reilly's and Kenneth Fisher's reports and added that the object appeared to be round or circular in shape.
(4) *** Houser, Millheim, Pa. - Confirmed the reports of the other observers.
3. The weather during the observation was clear with 15-mile visibility.
4. While there has been heavy motor activity in this area for the past few days associated with the State Highway Department, no aircraft or other man-made objects can be attributed as the source of this sighting.
5. There are several aviation lights located in the surrounding area, however, the possibility that the object was in reality an aircraft cannot be discarded due to the distance the object was from the observers.
6. An analysis of a weather balloon in this area has not been established, as no warning lights would not appear to be affixed to this type of device. The size and speed of the object would also tend to rule out this possibility.