There is no photograph or image present in the provided document page. The document appears to be a typed report or narrative discussing various aspects of UFO sightings and investigations.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR output:

to be rather silly about the whole thing.  He couldn't seem to concentrate on the other hand, although he was not considered a good observer in the first place, these straightest answers.  Both of these boys seemed to have first sightand got out, but they admitted that it was a strange affair and waited some minutes before they went on. Then they saw a white light, however, he states it looked to him like a common, ordinary searchlight shining up into the sky.  The white lights that he could remember. They both say that the light finally went out after a few seconds, at least the light disappeared. They said they looked up and then it disappeared again. The lights were not making any definite pattern, some of them were going up, some were going down or appearing around in all directions.  It looked to them like the lights were jumping around and disappearing. They got out of the car and ran down the road to get help.  The boys stated the man in trouble and to make a phone call, which the people did.  Soon afterwards she broke down about the light to the people before either the sheriff or the deputy who showed up.

16.  All in all the Investigators were having a difficult to obtain any facts.  The only one fact that seemed to stand out in all of the interviews was the fact that they did seem to be going out in the direction they had gone in. 

17.  After the boy scouts were interrogated, a long discussion was held with Dr. X, who was the troop chairman.  He stated that his first contact with this case was when he would be understood in what he said to appoint a scout master and heard that a scout master and heard that a and scout master ha been given some kind of a shock and that he had been consulted about the thing that he had never heard about was that he had been in an automobile accident (etc, The automobile had flipped over and he had been very ill for a while. He stated that his first reaction when he heard about it was that it was not exactly normal, and he was interested to help his members.  He pointed out a cabinet they were making in the boy scout headquarters, and he said that the boy scouts had strange shapes and forms upon it and that he thought it was something that had been drawn upon it.  He said that the boy scouts were only four months old, could walk and talk and had a number of teeth. The doctor knew that this was rather unusual and would not tell such a story.  He was given interested enough to make a special effort to see the child, not that he believed it, but he seemed to want to double check the story.  He stated that after he saw the child, he was under the impression that something unusual had actually occurred.