There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

AF FORM 112--PART 1 
APPROVED 4 JUNE 1956

UNCLASSIFIED
(Classification) 

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Agency)
G-2 31-JB DAY

Report No.

FLYGHT OFFICER SMITH and I DULUTH, MINN.
GFF a blunt-nosed, dull circular shaped objects which gave off a light glow as from a filament in the center of the bottom of the objects. The objects were seen for several minutes through a telescope by the observers. The trailing objects, estimated four in number, were about the same size as the lead object. The lead object appeared to be much closer than the following objects. As the objects were approached to about one-half mile, the objects suddenly disappeared from view, there was no trail or vapor left behind, and they did not appear to go out of sight or into the haze or darkness, but simply vanished. There was no sound accompanying the sighting.
Formating, the tracking object being on the east side of the observers. Wind conditions appeared light and variable at the time. The objects did not appear to go out of sight or into the haze or darkness, but simply vanished. There was no sound accompanying the sighting.
2. Sighted 17/0930 Central Standard Time for about fifteen seconds.
3. Sighted visually through the telescopic sight of a shotgun. The observers were on Route highway 23. They had just turned off U.S. highway 61. The objects were first sighted about 1/4 mile away as they were approached from the north. The objects continued to recede until they finally became so small as to appear to be about 210 feet above the ground.
5. This appears to be a private investigator and insurance adjuster. His office address is 711 Pionner Building, St. Paul, Minnesota.

UNCLASSIFIED

NOTE: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Act, 50 U.S.C., 31 and 32, as amended. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.