The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper clipping with text. The text appears to be an article about a "publicity agent" who will "protect" a man after a "saucer" incident. The article discusses the details of an incident where a man reported a "phosphorus effect" and a "saucer" that was seen by the Air Force in Washington. The article also mentions that the Air Force has "no legal evidence" to substantiate any claims about flying saucers.

JOURNAL HERALD, DAYTON. OHIO, MONDAY. AUGUST 25, 1952

Publicity Agent Will "Protect" Man After "Saucer" Incident

WEST PALM BEACH, FLA., AUG. 24 - A newscaster who said he was for the Air Force and said flying saucers don't exist, has turned up, according to the Air Force, in a "publicity stunt" involving five civilians and the Air Force. 

The newscaster, who announced he has made a "statement" regarding the details of a "saucer" incident, will presumably be "protected" by a publicity agent. 

There was a "phosphorus effect" around the incident, it was said; "the lights" went and "came on" again. 

Presumably, the announcement that a publicity agent will "protect" the newscaster's interests will not reveal anything new. The Air Force has stated that they have no legal evidence to substantiate claims about flying saucers.

"I believe it was under and near the saucer as it approached," the newscaster said. "It seemed to be about three-quarters of a mile in diameter and it was 30 feet from the ground and stayed about 15 minutes. The next thing I knew, the lights went out and everything went black. When the lights came back on, I was about 50 feet from the ground and a tire was burning on my car."

He said there was a hole in the saucer about a yard in diameter.

"I'm not even looking up in the sky anymore," he said. "I'm scared."

According to the Air Force, the newscaster's hair on his arm was singed, "apparently caused by some burning of electrical nature." 

They said he was in his scout cap last week "indicating only a day-to-day trip."

An officer from the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Field, Ohio, went to Florida to check on the incident. However, officials said the investigation was "inconclusive" and "only field reports" were received.

But the Air Force said that a WPAFB spokesman said the Army has examined and re-examined him, "they gave me a bill of health."