The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

"Capt. FAA

January 13, 1952

One further point. I am in as much casting aspersions on the honesty or the competence of airline pilots. ATIC files bulge with reports of unreliable pilots, both civilian and military. They constitute beyond question the most reliable data available. ATIC knows that reports similar to mine have been made, and full investigations of them are in progress. 

The great bulk of these reports has been solved. It is your definition of "solved" I question. Reasonable, no matter how experienced these pilots may be, who have often "seen" things which are now known to be merely reflections, balloons or other natural and terrestrial phenomena. After all, no one is questioning the integrity of the pilot or crew. The reports indicate only that these pilots, for whatever reason, have mistaken mundane things as strange objects. I am still more disturbed by the competence of the pilot or crew who have made the report. But, when we have such wealth of evidence as to their integrity, and can make errors of evaluation of what they have seen, I think I have every right to question your interpretation - not the observation itself.

Let me put this another way. If a six-year old boy comes to me and tells me that he has seen a dog or a cat out in the yard, I have no difficulty believing him. But if the Harvard University professor who lives next door to me tells me the same thing, I may be a little skeptical because, after all, this is the professor's field and he ought to know better. Uncertainty does not necessarily lie in the observed fact itself, but in the competence of the observer to make a proper identification. I check and find that perhaps he actually did see a strange animal scurrying about outside. The trailer looks like a bear, but really it is impossible explanation at all but a rather rare combination of circumstances.

If the boy reports that he has seen a lion in the yard, I am still more disturbed. I do not immediately accept his report, however. I do not know, however, whether he is lying or not. If I am other the other hand, the Harvard professor whom I know to be eminently reliable, reports the same thing, I am inclined to believe him, considering that a circus wagon might also have met with an accident, releasing a lion. In any event, I am much more impressed by report from a competent observer than from an inexperienced one.

Now, and finally (I think goodness), suppose that the boy reports that he has seen a green lion with two heads out on the lawn. I tend to disregard such reports, suggestive as they are of irresponsibility, perhaps he is simply playing a joke. In brief, he would fall in the "hogwash" class, unless it is satisfactorily explained that he must have seen something. I don't suppose that two-headed lions are a downright impossibility. I have seen several varieties of incredible beasts in my lifetime, mostly imaginary."