The page does not contain any photographs.

The text from the page is as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

The time to turn, with a 1,500 ft. radius, is 35 seconds. Actually the
turn was not a perfect circle but more of an ellipse, the time would increase
to possibly 45 seconds. This is also a discrepancy since the pilot judged
the elapsed time to be two and one half minutes. This is not a serious dis- 
crepancy, however, as it is known that short intervals are difficult to 
judge and the pilot did not actually time his maneuver.

The description of the object could very well be that of a balloon.
Observations have shown that a balloon appears to be more oval or de- 
shaped than spherical and due to shadows, the bottom appears dar1er than
the top. The talcum powder used in packing the balloon could easily give
the appearance of segments such as the panels in a parachute. The articu-
lations of the object described by the pilot are very similar in profile to 
those of a balloon. The pilot stated that be did not observe anything sus-
pended from the object such as the radar reflector hanging beneath the balloon, 
however, the tower operator was sure that the pilot had mentioned the fact that 
there was something dark beneath the object when he called the tower to des- 
cribe the object he had seen.

A T-11 vas the only aircraft in the area near the time of the sighting. 
The possibility of the pilot's first seeing the balloon then the T-11 were 
checlrd but the T-11 was on an entirely different heading than that of the 
object, and was out of the immediate area.

IV. CONCLUSIONS

From the data obtained on this sighting, it cannot be definitely con- 
cluded that the object sighted by the TBM pilot was the Radio-sonde balloon 
released by the Mitchel AFB Weather Station. However, enough of the data on 
the reported object does correlate with that of the balloon to indicate that 
there is a possibility that the object observed was a balloon. There were no 
other reports of persons observing any unusual objects and since the object 
appeared to be 20 ft. to 30 ft, in diameter and very unusual in appearance
at only 200 ft. to 300 ft. altitude over a thickly populated area, it would 
seem very likely that it would have been seen and reported by someone on the 
ground.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

752-5836 12
```