There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document from the US Air Force, containing a detailed written report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now transcribe the text found in the document:

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I have been a faithful believer and follower of Flying Saucer incidents as far back as 1949 and was of the opinion that they were a project of the U.S. Government, until recently when I received a report which I am going into in detail.

Coincidently, I happened to read the April 7th issue of Life Magazine which precedes my experience by a couple of weeks, explaining my actions.

I live approximately seven miles west of Birmingham, Michigan which is north of Detroit about fifteen miles. On Sunday night, April 27th, my wife, two children and myself were proceeding home from my sister's residence on Strathmore when I noticed Lt. Col. D. D. Acres on Fifteen Mile Road (Fifteen mile Road runs through Birmingham east and west and this point is about six miles west of Birmingham) my wife and I jokingly remarked that we must be seeing things, and I noticed a strange looking object in the sky approximately one thousand feet high. This object seemed to be heading in a south west direction from the northeast. It descended so fast that by the time my wife could realize what it was a solid lighted object it had descended to a height of approximately 2,000 feet or the average height of a transport plane at that time. It seemed to hover perfectly still and then apparently took in such tremendous light and speed that in approximately four minutes making it very easy for us to judge its size, shape, etc. We estimated it to be approximately 5,000 feet high. The angle at which it rested made it very easy for us to estimate its thickness. It appeared to be approximately ten feet high which resembled looking into the playing section of a mouth organ. The windows were all around the entire diameter. I would estimate its diameter to be in the neighborhood of one hundred feet.

After what seemed to me they were getting their bearings, they started drifting northeast towards the city of Pontiac at about one hundred miles per hour but stopped two or three times during the time of our observation.

At no time did it make a noise.