There does not appear to be any photograph or image on this page from the Project Blue Book report. The document contains only text.

OCR Output:
79TH AIR BASE SQUADRON
Truax Field, Madison, Wisconsin

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects (FLYOBJECT)
THRU: Commanding General
3lst Air Division
Fort Snelling, Minnesota

TO: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

Chief Air Technical Intelligence Center
ATTN: ATIC-23
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. In confirmation of our TWX, 78 CO 4625, and in the absence of availability of AF Form 112, "Air Intelligence Information Report," this letter is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2, dated 29 April 1952.

2. Description

The objects sighted were described as aluminum colored, disc-shaped, or round. They were silver color with a blueish cast, and the size approximately that of a B-36 aircraft. There was no indication of exhaust trails or oral or visual indication of a means of propulsion. The object was observed from the main site of Truax Field, Madison, Wisconsin, in a direction approximately west-south-west and at an angular elevation of approximately 40 degrees.

The objects glowed and appeared to be moving slowly toward the east on a level altitude. The object then appeared to begin a rapid climb without any visible means of propulsion and disappeared from view in a matter of a very high altitude.

3. The time of sighting was 16:55Z (1035 CST). The line of sight was for approximately 30 seconds.

4. Observation was visual by two Air Police men on duty at the main gate. They had no use of optical or electronic equipment.

5. The coordination of the point of observation is N3 degrees, 8 minutes north and 89 degrees, 20 minutes west. Relative position as indicated by the observers was over the city of Madison, but could not be specific with respect to distance and altitude. They were in close agreement about direction.

6. The airmen observing the object were M/Sgt Harold F. Hundt, 5130282, and AIC June T. Hardy, AF16141632.