There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from the United States Department of Agriculture Forest Service, dated August 4, 1952 and addressed to a "Commander" in Vienna, Virginia. The document discusses an informal request from July 31 to look at a fallen tree near the commander's home, and the Forest Service's findings and observations regarding the incident.

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
FOREST SERVICE
ADDRESS REPLY TO
CHIEF, FOREST SERVICE
AND REFER TO

WASHINGTON

August 4, 1952

Vienna, Virginia

Dear Commander

This refers to your informal request of July 31 for me to look at a fallen tree near your home and to our joint examination of it late on July 31 and again on August 2.

As you explained it to me at this time it was my understanding that no controversy claims of title to property, torts, or events or matters of any kind indicating any legal difficulties were involved.

As you explained it to me a neighbor had found a small rock or piece of material resembling a small or two specific on the recent floor in a wooded tract near his home. The object appeared to be foreign to the general area. A subsequent careful examination gave you to wish to check possibilities that the object could have fallen from aircraft.

Following is a summary of our observations and discussions:

The fallen tree was a dead standing specimen diameter 6 inches in diameter at breast height. Its total height was about 37 feet 9 inches according to our tape measurements of the two sections lying on the ground. The lower break occurred about 4 feet from the ground. This break was apparently over 4 branch stubs under and lying on an area of loose, rotten, and rock and soil accumulation. The upper break or fracture occurred among the branches at the top of the tree stem. It was apparent that in this case the hole had broken from the stump section. The fallen section remained across the protruding stump and gave an unusual appearance with the head of my hand, which it withstood. The fallen section had not shattered when it hit the ground. The tree was comparatively fresh and green, not uncommon and can be caused by a "spike" limb, injury or crowding at some stage of stand development. Such conditions of a hole or holes provide ready entrance for disease organisms which subsequently spread upward and downward, causing structural impairment of the tree and even its death. It is at such points that trees often break.