(CONTD - PAGE TWO (2) OF [illegible] SSIFIED...)

supported by bands and the grooved circumference ring. They were made of brass with small rollers on the vanes which fitted into grooves. These vanes would flex but resisted my effort to turn them very far. The vanes were free and could be rotated on their individual axis. There was no gearing evidence to attach these vanes to therefore but they seemed to be driven by the electrical impulse which was indicated by the presence of electrical wiring at the hub of the vanes. I cited two large engines on opposite sides of the body through lowAAs. They were each six cylinder opposed type wixthast appeared to be a large generator at there base. There were also three large tubes that came out of the body near the upper strut area and projected down close to the ground. They had a diameter of approximately 16 inches. I observed all parts closely anywhere and letters that might identify drop but there were none visible. the top part of the body projected about 8 feet above the top strut frame and had a protruding shield around the secure body ride-way up. The projectile shaped dome above was partly inclosed in glass. There was a series of seven control fins attached on opposite sides of the diameter frame which supported the rotor vanes. Also 5 control fins on this ring on what appeared to be the front. I then noticed that one of the men left the water and appeared to pick up an object by his clothing. He appeared to be highly excited and motioned for the other man to get out of the water. They hurriedly dressed and at my distance I noticed I noticed that they had light blue uniforms and wore dark boots with no headgear. They were both tall men; one with light hair and the other with dark hair. I couldn't hear them well enough to determine their language. As they approached in my direction I retreated some distance back over the hill. They climbed through the vane strut area into the body proper and almost immediately the object started to rise vertically for about 100 feet. It then leveled off and raised speed rapidly disappearing from my sight. I did notice that as it leveled off the bullet shaped nose receded slightly backwards into the strut structure. There was quite a bit of whirring and grinding noise as it took off. An odor was prevalent in the air which reminded me of an undertaker's parlor. This covered my mouth to water and I was constantly spitting. I did notice that two of the tires left an imprint where it had lain on the ground. I walked down to where the two men had been bathing and found part of a stamp which seemed to have come from a cigarette package. This stamp was different from any I have ever seen. I picked it up and showed it in my side coat pocket but when I looked for it later on it was gone. I then paced off the distance from the edge of the lake to where the object was grounded and found it to be about 200 steps.

I regret that I did not think to get my camera out of the car so that I could have taken some shots.

I have good eyesight but the hearing in my left ear is impaired. I believe that I could make an almost exact model of this object and plan to do this as soon as I can find a job and settle down.

I CERTIFY THIS TO BE WORDS RECORDED AS I RELATED A TRUE EXPERIENCE TO AIR FORCE PERSONNEL AND UPON MY KNOWLEDGE OF THE PENALTY INVOLVED IF FOUND TO BE UNTRUE.

[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

30 July 1952

762-1