-7-

[redacted] Capt. FAA                                January 15, 1952

agree with your conclusion that these sightings were of interplanetary
craft?

I am further aware of the fact that a few people in the
Air Force, notably [redacted]--who has admitted to me that he was not
in a position himself to evaluate the sightings--said some derogatory
things concerning my book. So did [redacted]
[redacted]. But that is not the reason why. It is because of his
[redacted] of the whole UFO business.

The reason why we still have the dregs of unsolved
cases is due to the bad questioning of the pilots by irresponsible
groups at ATIC at the height of the visitation. This is evidence
of the incompetence of the group at that time. But the group now
in charge at ATIC are doing a really good scientific job. And one
by one, to some extent with my help, the classic cases are being
resolved. You, perhaps like myself, are somewhat committed.
You have made public statements, as have I. I claim that my mind
is much more open than yours or anyone from NICAP that I have
heard from to date.

You define UFO, as I indicated, in a rather special way,
so that an object is no longer a UFO unless it is an unknown. But I
have seen UFO after UFO--some the old classics--and some that
might well have become classics, some that resemble closely the un-
solved classics where basic data are missing, many of them reported
by reliable airline pilots, civilian, commercial, and military. I do
not believe in the infallibility of the airline pilot. I have seen too
many reports where an airline pilot has pulled his plane up to try to
avoid a meteor that actually was 250 miles away from him at the time.
I think that the trouble with the NICAP viewpoint is the influence that
Keyhoe and his books have wielded on their minds. Certainly Keyhoe
will never settle for anything less than completely censoring the Air
Force and receiving from them acknowledgment that his conflict,
which he has stoutly maintained from the start, that flying saucers
are from outer space. You notice that I used the words "flying
saucers from outer space" rather than UFO. I frankly prefer the
NICAP term "aerial phenomena," which does not beg the question.
UFO implies the existence of a material object. In many cases, as
we have demonstrated clearly, no material object is involved, at
least any nearby material object. A mirage of Venus, Jupiter, or
Sirius actually results from light originating in a material object far
away. But it does not mean that the object is within our own atmos-
phere, as the adjective "flying" implies. In fact, this particular