The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report describing a sighting of an unusual group of objects moving across the sky in Killeen, Texas on October 17, 1952. The text describes the formation of the objects, their movements, and the lack of sound or light from the objects.

On the evening of Friday, October 17, 1952 at approximately 10:15 P.M. the Reverend H--- and I were standing in the back yard of the Methodist Parsonage in the city of Killeen, Texas. As I glanced up into the sky I caught sight of a strange group of approximately ten round, not well defined, some blobs of light in a single and equidistant sequence moving across the sky at an angle of approximately 60 to 70 degrees with the earth. Light seemed to reflect from rather than emanate from the objects which were moving from north to south at a very rapid rate of speed, being in sight for only about five seconds in an arc of slightly more than 100 degrees. The formation of a single straight line was maintained for the entire interim; however, as the objects moved toward the south, the formation seemed to veer toward the south-east in what would give the impression of rough air, the size of the formation as well as the separate objects which constituted it seemed to diminish, giving the effect of distance. The impression of velocity was re-emphasized by the rather sudden fading of the entire phenomenon, the first impression as evidenced by my remark to Mr. Greenawalt. He stated that of a group of ducks in flight, however, movement was much too rapid.
The absence of any sound, and the apparent lack of light of sufficient strength from the city to reflect from the objects at such a height quickly discounted this thesis. The duck thesis, however, is valuable in determining the relativity as to distance, sequence, formation, size, and proximity of the phenomenon.
A few estimations, though only relative, and in complete ignorance of air speed, height, etc. are perhaps in order. The speed of the phenomenon would