The image appears to contain a scan of a document from the Project Blue Book archives. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

SECRET
UNCLASSIFIED
APPENDIX III

Benson, Arizona - 3 April 1952

I. DESCRIPTION OF INCIDENT
On 3 April 1952, at 1915 MST, three civilian AF pilot instructors and several other people observed an object from the Benson, Arizona, airport. The object was about the size of a bright star but was considerably brighter. It was observed (i.e. not necessary to scan the sky to find it).

At 1823 MST, one of the instructors took a fix on the object by sitting in a 2255 and indicating to one of the students the location of the object, which he believed had been sighted previously. The object disappeared. The object did not move during the 21 minute period. How the object disappeared is not known as one of the observers lost attention while attempting to take a sight on the object for about 15 seconds and when he looked up the object was gone.

One of the instructors flew a T-6 up to 12,500 ft. in an attempt to better observe the object, however, there was no definitive change in the size or appearance of the object.

Several cadets flying T-6's in the area also observed the object.

II. STATUS OF THE INVESTIGATION
The excellent foreground detail of the instructor's report is to be continued. The analysis of the object has eliminated the possibility of it being a balloon, but other conventional explanations have not been ruled out. In addition, the object was shown to be moving at a rapid rate. No determination was made that there were no balloons in the area.

It is possible that the object was a bright planet. This is doubtful, however, since it would have to move some in 51 minutes.

The approximate elevation of the fix has been requested. In the original report it was given as "two inches above the canopy". This angle will depend on height of the pilot, height of seat, etc. When this information is received, additional bodies checked.

III. CONCLUSIONS
Pending.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
SECRET