The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that appears to be a Project Blue Book report from the 1950s. 

OCR Output:

Page 3:

      DEMO   Ret.

58538 PERC.OFCRFT.OBSERVED: 18  TYPE:Dim or unidentified
          

Demonstration about a plane, and could not continue with him and let it go at that. With you could have been close with me at the time. you would have sure had a eye full something to remember for a long time to come to

As ever,

Second letter:
 
Tryon, N.C., 1 - 8 - 53.

Dear [REDACTED],

Just finished your letter and am glad something might come of the "saucers". The following is about what happened. We sighted the objects on the 16th of Nov, 1952, at 6:15 in the afternoon. I am positive as the time, as I phoned my office right at the time saying I had just sighted some objects to the west on the horizon where we sighted the objects. there were few when I first saw the saucers they were eleven (11) in number and were streaking across the sky like a string of pearls, and appeared as large as an automobile hub cap. As I stated previously, one was breaking formation and appeared to go through another while another would do the same. The speeding and descending saucer made an abrupt right angle turn in leveling therefrom. We saw no more than four. I am convinced had not daylight caught up with me, I would have followed one off to the horizon.

I would judge at the time there were tens the number. I am unable to estimate their size, other than they appeared smaller than any aircraft I have had the opportunity to observe. The impressive they were traveling in an east to west direction and maintaining a perfect formation until they disappeared from view. There were no sounds accompanying the saucers and no less thaen four-I am convinced would have captured one, could I have gotten in touch with them at the time. I would hope, that is the time they were able to observe as I am convinced they were traveling in an east to west direction that seemed to scoot across the horizon. When we finally lost them to view they were about the size of the hub caps on my Ford and when we finally lost them they maneuvering just as would an aircraft visible at the time and I remember looking at the charlotte Observer's September 7, 1953 where it showed the sighting on that date.

Trust the above is about what you want. Will get this off.

All my love to [REDACTED].