The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text discussing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
CASE 2-2

Morning. 24 April 1952, ATIC was notified by Wilburn B. Marks, Jr. , 3219 Carlisle Blvd., N. E., Albuquerque, N. M., that he had sighted an unknown object on 23 April 1952 at 8:10 p. m. which he had observed for 30 seconds. The object appeared to be 1/3 inch in diameter and grew larger as it approached. It seemed to be neon red and yellow. The object remained at the same height at a speed of 3/3 inch in 1/3 inch in diameter. The object then faded to the size of 1/15 inch when last seen. The color of the object at first was a deeper green, followed by flashes of a red-white light, leaving a trail of sparks in what seemed to be a shower of dust or smoke that trailed after the object. The object made no maneuvers except one slight deviation from its course.
The observation was made by the observer with no visual aids or any other sight-enhancing equipment. The object was sighted through the glass wind-shield of his car. At the time of the observation, the observer was 15 miles west of Abilene, Texas, sitting in his car and sighted the object at approximately one o'clock high. The object was observed at an angle of 30° to 35°. The direction of the object, as believed, by the observer, to be North. Altitude was not estimated by the observer. 
Mr. Marks is the only one that submitted a report on this object and no other witnesses are known of.
Mr. Marks is a draftsman with 8 years experience and it is assumed that the calculations given by him should be accurate because of his experience with such. The observer stated that the observation took place on a cool, moonlight night, with a few scattered clouds. He made no mention of wind at the time and place of sighting, with the exception that wind was responsible for the slight change in the direction of the object.
There was no known meteorological activity or otherwise which might account for the sighting of the object. There is no physical evidence, fragments, photographs or other tangible evidence of the existence of the observed item.
DOWNGRADED TO 
UNCLASSIFIED BY AUTHORITY 
OF THE DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE 
ON 16 JUNE 1966 
DOWNGRADED AS UNCLASSIFIED