There are no photographs present on the provided page.

Below is the transcribed text from the document:

```
S£uC T ROCii j.i Si;auCT

to Civil Search Se;vice 
S& tiMO o43t09 
l>e NASA .*Zj<]O  
67LF? AIRCRAFT CONTROL AND WARNING. 
Osceola, Wisconsin
7 August 1952

A F F I D Av I T

At 07002, 29 July 1952, we the undersigned, began to notice car-
gets on our Radar Scopes Just east of the Twin Cities, we had tilted
the antenna to 50' Just prior to this because of a CCC report of an 
unusual object. The targets which we noted on the scopes were travel-
ing In a southeast direction at from 50 to 60 knots. After traveling
about 30 miles in this manner they would fade. There were__up to 10 of 
these on the scopes at one time. At times it would appear like a loose 
fonnation was being flown by two or three of these. The targets con-
tinued to appear around the area about 5 to IE miles east to northeast
of the Twin Cities for an hour. These targets did not fly in the same 
track or the same heading. Some were making turns. The antenna tilt 
was 50' on these sightings to eliminate anonymous propagation on the 
scopes and did pick up the targets.

ulne large target appeared at 185° at a range of 1? miles. In less 
than a minute it was at 165' at 21 miles. It continued in this manner 
for about 70 miles and faded. At this time we had the antenna tilted 
to 90". This target was moving east, traveling over 600 MPH and in the same 
continuous track. It was a clearly defined blip. No weather of anc
kind was in the area, we were not receiving any electronic Interference.

In a/C was scrambled because of these sightings. The interceptor 
pilot observed what appeared to be shooting stars or comet with, tails 
on several occasions when vectored toward the targets which were on our 
scopes. There were so many targets that we had the pilot patrol the 
general area east of St. Paul and south of the site of the 674th AC&W 
Squadron, The pilot observed one or two of these objects while doing 
thin. He was at 25,000 feet and thought the things he saw were at 
125,000 feet.

1st Lt., USAF              1st Lt., USAF
```