Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a typed letter from the Project Blue Book Information Officer discussing various UFO sightings and reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

Arnold Mo. Aug.17, 1964
Project Blue Book Info. Officer
Pentagon, Wash. D.C.
My Dear Sir;
First let me thank you for sending me the bulletin on U.F.O.'s. --It is very interesting.
This letter is intended as a commentary on the accompanying "note" and discussion of a case relating to the (Hope) flying saucer incident in 1952. I am 47 years old, male, and belong to no group engaged in promoting the flying saucer theory, either commercially or otherwise. I have always been a strong opponent of saucers and have on many occasions told Air Force gentlemen in your search for an answer to this perplexing and highly controversial subject.
Prior to the enclosed sightings,I had no preconceived notions on UFO's,although like millions of other people I have very much of the impression that they do exist. The first sighting (Aug.28,1948) took place while my wife and I were driving a small farm in the vicinity of the hamlet of Rock,Mo. about 12 miles south of the city of St. Louis on Highway 61. I reported this sighting to the director, but in the course of time, it seems to have been misplaced or lost.
In 1952 I submitted a report of the enclosed phenomenon again to an organization in St. Louis,but was unable to receive any further information as to its findings. I submitted other reports of sightings and thanked me for same, but this has never satisfied me - - I was to ensure that this information reposes in Air Force hands where it rightfully belongs. (I did not submit the July 12 sightings, to compile it had not occurred at that time).
Since the recurring experience,I have no reason to think quite differently about flying saucers than I did prior to same - that they are nothing more than an illusion connected with the following air phenomena:
1. Astronomical optical illusions--of the following: a few personal conclusions I have drawn that you may (or may not) be interested in sharing.
A.	It is my belief that so called"flying saucer" and related phenomena are manifestations of existing electrical disturbances in the atmosphere and that no visitation in the last decade (more or less) but are "gand and phantom" that possibly have indigenous with man for some time.
B. I further believe that these "objects" are capable of materializing and dematerializing instantaneously and at will.
C. That, though they may be entirely capable of interplanetary flight,they are not necessarily "space ships"over,please