The image contains a photograph depicting a man in a clearing in the woods, surrounded by burnt grass and other vegetation. The text indicates that this is an excerpt from a Project Blue Book UFO report, describing the encounter between Sonny DeVergers and a strange sight in the woods.

Text extracted from the document:

plunged right into the woods. Sonny thought it was a plane crashin". Excited, they talked of investigating the strange sight.

...

"If you don't hear from me in 10 minutes, go back to the road to that house and call the sheriff." Sonny promised to do so, and saw Bobby disappearing into the woods, downward into a dip in the road embankment and off into the underbrush.

When he failed to return, Bobby and the other two boys ran to the house and called the sheriff's office. Partin, who was cruising nearby, was contacted by radio and reached the scene about half an hour after Sonny's departure. While he was trying to go to a grassy trail where Sonny suddenly disappeared, there was a commotion near the road where Bobby had been waiting.

He was white-faced and shaking and kept repeating: "I'm coming, here I am!" His lantern was gone, but he still had his machete.

"He was a sorry sight." Partin put in. "He was talking a blue streak but he didn't make any sense."

We said good-by to the Ruffings and drove back to the trail where Sonny had stopped, just before sunset, where Sonny had stopped that night. We went through the woods - those lonely, dismal solitudes - to the clearing where Sonny had been found. There I saw the imprints in the ground where Sonny's body had been found, where the burned patches of ground were to substantiate part of his amazing story.

It was good to leave that grim place. Three hours later, I sat with Sonny DeVergers in his neat living room. His little dog was in bed. His wife and dog were absent. I studied his honest face. Here was a man reluctant to solve an unpleasant experience, yet determined not to run from it. He warned me "Continued on page 20".