This document does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, providing information about visual observations and types of reported objects. 

As an OCR system, I have extracted all the text from the document:

KNOWING and unknown would be different if a thorough analysis of each
case could be made.

1. Visual Observations

Assuming that some object or unknown natural phenomena
does exist, observers and reports to date indicate that objects observed
can never give accurate data. All it will establish is what an unknown
object or atmosphere effect looked like at a certain time, under certain
and at a given location. The attributes of speed, altitude or size, if
they are even considered at all, is a well known fact.
However, there are cases where an object observed at one point of
time could not be reconciled and if two or more of these factors are unknown estimates cannot be made. An object passed under a cloud
or in front of a known landmark to establish an upper limit in distance.
Thus the identity of a known object. if a known object such as a balloon, aircraft or meteor can be determined to have been in the area
with the data that is reported - the identity of the unknown can be correlated
with this data of the known object. It a known object can be distinguished
to such times as the bearing, elevation, time of observation, a conclusion may then be drawn that the unknown was of the same characteristics
such determined.

2. Methods of Segregating Knowns from Visual Reports

Past experience has indicated that a large percentage of the reports are due to a misinterpretation of known objects, the
majority of which are balloons, aircraft, and meteors. Several methods
are presently being used to segregate known from unknown reports which have certain
characteristics:

(1) Balloons
Balloons released in the U.S. fall into three
categories:
(a) Regularly released weather observation
balloons
(b) Irregularly released weather observation
balloons
(c) Large balloons released for upper air research, grand paye research, etc.

Of these, the regularly released weather observation balloons are most generally reported as "unidentified aerial objects".
This type includes the pilot, passengers, crew, and radiosonde. These
are balloon-borne instruments used in upper air research. Radiosonde
balloons are from 6 to 8 feet in diameter. Larger weather balloons are
from 20,000 to 1,000,000 cubic feet in volume. These larger balloons
have been seen at 80,000 feet in altitude. Atmospheric conditions and the relationship of the
balloon to the sun determine how the balloon will appear.