There is no photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The document appears to be text-based, describing the process for handling and analyzing reports of unidentified flying objects.

Transcription of the text in the document:

In the event the instrument program picks up any evidence of such in the observation, ATIC. The reports of the analysis performed by these special groups would be returned to ATIC.

12. The first step will identify some of the objects reported. A further study by ATIC's staff of analysts is the second step. In this phase ATIC will call on its scientific staff of specialists in electronics, geo-physics, nuclear energy, photography, and photo interpretation, astronomy, and dynamics aerodynamics, etc., when required ATIC's research staff will consult with technicians at Wright Air Development Center and other Air Research and Development Command facilities. This step will identify additional objects.

13. Those reports remaining will be processed by the third step which will be conducted by ATIC's Scientific Advisory Committee. This Committee is Chaired by Dr. Joseph Kaplan, who like many of the members also serves on the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board. It is not intended to keep any committee member constantly occupied with this work nor to have the full committee meet together at less than two or three month intervals, except on receipt of technical data requiring the immediate attention of all members.
It is planned that reports of UAO's will be referred individually to committee-man according to their field of interest.
14. The incidents which are not resolved by the committee will be processed by the fifth and final step. Upon the advice and recommendation of the Committee, ATIC plans to submit to the Director of Intelligence the names of a general contractor (and has been suggested) and certain specialized contractors and consultants to undertake the analysis of those objects not identified by previous study. In some cases this might require considerable