[stamp: partially redacted]

Ray Slaaperna
Miami 49, Florida
February 9, 1952

Doctor Donald Z. Menzel,
Director,
Harvard College Observatory,
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Doctor Menzel:

Please require the time element between your last letter and this answer. I have been flying awfully. In addition, as I mentioned before, flying is not my only current responsibility.

Thank you for taking the time from your own busy schedule to write a nine page letter.

I have a great respect for your intelligence and your extensive work in various fields. Therefore I believe that this regular report requires much more than a letter by you. I look forward and no without good reason. In spite of your denials, I think normally sufficient evidence right in your own recent letters to strongly indicate that we have solved the problem, at least in that of the "Therewithaizable" before the Congressional hearing but that I took directly from your letters, and is strongly suggestive that you are now, even if never before, siding the Air Force is its insurable standpoint.

1. Your request access to all A.F. files.

2. Your debunking of Project Bluebook (they didn't agree with you, so you didn't like it). Your praise of the current A.F. answer, seemingly "routine stay." Is greasing the shrews rather desperately. Let me come to you for help.

3. Your casual inquiry in a letter to Dr. Honey. "By the way, how are the plans for the Congressional hearing proceeding?"

4. You explain your position as that of the position of the Air Force.

Quot. [redacted]. Your definite statement that the A.F. did not instance how could you know if not closely associated with it, A.F.? You said, "I can say with certainty that they [A.F.] did nothing or the worse." [illegible]

5. You say, "...and one by one, to some extent with my help, his details issue are being resolved."

You claim that you have never been an official consultant of the government on U.F.O.'s. That could be devious wordplay. You have been on the government payroll at times. You're in official capacity. The U.F.O. business could be a little extra job they tossed in—responsibility.

It is not necessary, by your claim it to be, that the government, through its authorized investigators department on the subject, will furnish to keep secret strong evidence that a percentage of U.F.O.'s