This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a statement from an individual who reported witnessing a bright light in the sky for approximately 1020 hours on August 1, 1952. The statement includes details of the sighting and is signed by the witness, Gerald F. McCain, of the United States Air Force.

Transcribed text from the document:

STATEMENT

Personally appeared before me, the undersigned, authorized to administer oaths, Gerald F. McCain, who, being duly sworn according to law, made the following voluntarily sworn statement:

"I was walking along a street at approximately 1020 hours GMT, the date probably being August 1, 1952. I was about to cross the street when I noticed an extremely bright light in the sky to the east. It looked like a magnesium flare or a very bright star. As I watched, it began to move in a horizontal direction, and then began to curve downward in a sweeping arc. As it curved, it appeared to be increasing in size and seemed to be descending. I am convinced that it was not an aircraft, as it made no sound and there were no visible wings or tail surfaces. It continued this curved downward path for several miles, and then the light appeared to go out, and I could see no further trace of it. The total duration of the sighting was approximately 60 seconds. I immediately left the street and ran to the base (Keesler Air Force Base) to report the incident."

                                        Gerald F. McCain
                                        Second Lieutenant, USAF
                                        AF 13361768

Subscribed and sworn to before me this, the fourth (4th) day of August 1952, at Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi.

                                        J. COCKE
                                        Capt, USAF
                                        Asst IG Adv

Security Information