The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
71F-73-52 PAGE 2 OF 2 PAGES

1. At about 1600 hours on Thursday, 17 July 1952, the observers were two Air Force officers and one civilian employee. The object appeared round, glowing, and stationary. It remained in view for about 10 minutes, after which it faded and disappeared. No sound or propulsive exhaust was noticed. The object as described differed from what is normally looked like a search or aircraft light. It had a definite round shaping and glow. The observers kept the object under continuous visual observation and took no action to move but kept it stationary for long periods of time.

2. On Saturday, 19 July 1952, at about 0200 to 0230 hours, the observers again saw the object. It appeared this time as a "space ship" as described by the witnesses. There were other sightings of this object and others from various sources, a neighbor, was also in attendance with several Air Force confirmed the sightings.

3. Both visual and weak field glasses were used in observations from the ground.

4. The observers were ten (10) miles due north of Lockbourne Air Force Base and the objects of observation appeared to be over the base about 2000 feet above the ground.

5. Six Army men were recently discharged from the USAF. They appear to responsible for reporting the sightings.

6. The cloud coverage on Thursday and Sunday mornings at 0530 hours was overcast.

7. The observers could not give any explanation for their sightings but were positive it was not a star. 

8. No physical evidence.

9. No interception or identification action taken.

10. The phenomenon took off from the Lockbourne Air Force Base, the object would disappear beyond human sight. On Wednesday 23 July the phenomenon did not appear as planned, and it seemed to have ceased as larger sightings were not reported after that date.

11. On Monday 21 July 1952 at 2150 hours our observer also reported to the south of Columbus group on another object that he called a "Grape Ship". His estimate of the object's size compared with a DC-4 aircraft type, which was witnessing with him, gave the object the name of "Space Ship" at the time.

EDWARD C. WILLIAMSON
MAJOR, USAF
LIASION OFFICER

UNCLASSIFIED