There does not appear to be any photograph or image on this page of the Project Blue Book document. The text appears to be a detailed written report describing an unidentified aerial object sighting, providing descriptions and witness accounts. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text contained in the document:

Memorandum for Record

Subject: Investigation of Unidentified aerial object reported by Lt. 2nd Lt. B. J. Ruppelt and 2/Lt. Olsson of Project "Blue Book", ATIC, Dayton, Ohio.

1. On 21 Aug 52 at about 2330 EST, Capt. E. J. Ruppelt and 2/Lt Olsson of "Project Blue Book", ATIC, Dayton, Ohio, reported seeing an unidentified object in the sky near the airport, Florida. At approximately 1930 EST they reported the object in the west in the vicinity of Fort Myers, Florida. Capt. Ruppelt and 2/Lt Olsson were in an L-13 Patterson 25B but due to mechanical trouble with the aircraft, they stayed and participated in the investigation.

2. Upon landing the ARDC group spoke to the witnesses, who were two U.S. Air Force officers. It was stated that people had seen flares in the vicinity of the sighting area at some unknown time and said that it was generally believed that the unknown object was possibly seen by a person. At the time of the talk with Capt. Zeho no details as to what he was referring to were obtained as it was assumed that they were referring to some condition as it is normally known by the Tactical Inspection Team. (No further details on this are known at present, and they could not be located. More details have been requested from him).

3. On the morning of 22 Aug 52 Capt. Carney, the Intelligence Officer of the 1707th Air Base Wing, Eglin Beach Airport, Florida, was interviewed. He stated that on the evening of 21 Aug 52 the tower personnel at Eglin Beach Airport reported seeing an unidentified object in the sky from the searchlights, three skyseaters, and other possible witnesses to the incident. These statements are being forwarded through channels per Air Force letter 200-5. The contents of the statements are the same as details obtained orally. Details will be given in this memo, consequently the contents of the signed statements will not be discussed.

4. Captain Ruppelt and 2/Lt Olsson, who had examined the area visually, stated that on the evening of 21 Aug 52 they were contacted. He made a complete report of this incident, which was normal physically. The hair on the back of his neck of his persons was singed, but not burned. The skin on his forearms showed marks of blistering, later described as milkerny (burning light), and there was absolutely no after-effects (Comment: this examination took place 15 hours after the incident). It was noted that his hair in his nostrils had also been singed but that he had cut it off. There was no apparent ill-feeling of this incident, the enlisted man under his command at the time stated that he had some doubt as to several points in the story.

5. It is stated that he had received a "Other Than Honorable" discharge from the Marines in 1944. He had been hitch-hiking and was picked up by an unknown person. The person got hired of driving and asked the person Ruppelt which he did. They were picked up by law enforcement officers and it was learned that the car was stolen. He was charged with auto theft, but the charges were later dropped. He said that because of this incident he was discharged from the Marines. (His Marine records have been requested).