The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing no photograph, only text. The text appears to be an analysis of various types of unidentified aerial phenomena observed, including zodiacal light, ghostly beams and curtains of light, magnetic effects, and ball lightning. The text also discusses the misinterpretation of objects as more mysterious than weather balloons, aircraft, and common celestial bodies. There is no human face visible in this image.

Scientific analysis of all UAO reports received to date indicates that almost 90% may be attributed to failure of the observer, for one reason or another, to identify such astronomical phenomena. Additional astronomical and other phenomena of the skies which may be included in this category, although, at most, they explain only an occasional sighting are: 1) zodiacal light (the glow along the zodiac of sunlight reflected by meteoric material); 2) zodiacal light's counterglow, known as gegenschein; 3) the ghostly beams and curtains of light of the aurora borealis and aurora australis, which are common enough seen in our latitudes, but which are seldom seen here; 4) illusory effects of clouds and light in connection with such familiar celestial bodies as the sun and the moon; and 5) ball lightening. 

Nothing mysterious about many UAOs.

Another 3% of UAO sightings may be attributed to misinterpretation of objects no more mysterious than weather balloons, aircraft, and even common celestial bodies like birds and wind-borne signs of nature. All normal, intelligent people from time to time mistake some more or less familiar object for another object. These errors arise chiefly from inability to estimate size, speed, and distance. It is not possible to estimate accurately such characteristics of small bright objects against the sky unless the object is first identified. This is doubly true at night. Small objects may occasionally be born to great weights by strong winds. It would be impossible to estimate the distance, size, and speed of such objects, and it would be easy to fail to recognize them.