There is no photograph present on this page.

The text on the document is as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED 
While the object was in level flight it appeared to oscillate with a slow period.
The total time elapsed was estimated to be about two and one half minutes.

II. STATUS OF INVESTIGATION 
A field trip was made to Mitchel AFB to reinvestigate the pilot and other personnel having knowledge of facts pertaining to the incident, The pilot's description of the incident was the same as was stated in the original report. His added details have been incorporated into Section I of this Appendix.

At 0950 EST on 21 January 1952, the weather section of Mitchel AFB launched a Rawinsonde balloon from the position shown on the overlay. These balloons are about six feet in diameter at time of launch and expand on ascending. The expansion up to 6,000 ft. can be neglected, however, as it is small. The balloons are a light gray color and have white streaks of talcum powder which is used in packing the balloons. The balloon carried a tin-foil radar 18 inch square reflector six inches below the balloon. The path of the balloon is shown on the inclosed overlay.

These balloons are tracked by radar. It was hoped that the radar operators might have recalled seeing an aircraft return circling their balloon return. They stated, however, that due to the heavy air traffic in the area, it eas not uncommon to pick up aircraft returns and they did not pay any attention to these.

The tower operators on duty at the time of the sighting were interrogated. They had not seen the TBF or the balloon. The tower log showed that the first contact with the TBF was at 0955 EST at which time pilot reported sighting an object east of the field. At 1008 the pilot again called the tower to describe the incident in detail. The pilot's description was a condensed version of that given in Part I of this Appendix except he stated that the object 'appeared to be a parachute canopy with a dark colored object underneath'. The 0955 contacted was made soon after the object was sighted, establishing the time.

III. DISCUSSION OF FLIGHT

An accurate time of the initial sighting is needed to establish the position of the balloon at this time. It is assumed that the tower clock is more accurate than the clock in the TB4, thus the time of the initial sighting was probably closer to 0955 allowing for time to contact the tower than the 0950 which was estimated by the pilot.

At 0954 the balloon would have been at about 4,000 ft. and in the position marked 4,000 ft. on the overlay. The pilot stated that the object appeared low, at an angle of 45° from vertical, and appeared to cover the 
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED 
```