The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains no photograph, but rather text describing an "Analysis of Photos". The text discusses the authenticity and analysis of various series of photos taken by a Coast Guard photographer. It mentions the construction of a hoax by means of double exposure, the potential problems with the photos, and the conclusion that the authenticity of the pictures is open to serious doubt.

The full text of the document is as follows:

"Analysis of Photos" (Uncl)

4. This point has been tested experimentally in the Series B and C prints. A standard photographic tripod was used, equipped with a camera, and some 50 ft beyond a row of vehicles beside the Photographic Reconnaissance Laboratory, the camera was set up on the location directly above the points indicated by the photograph, illuminated by the photoflood lamp appearing directly above it. The Series B prints show the lamp distantly near the Series C prints, but the same scene shows the lamp under the same highlight which is not there when the lamp is off. The bright objects should be seen somewhere on the car in the Series A prints, had distant bright objects been actually located as indicated.

The Series D prints show how easy it is to construct a hoax by means of double exposure. That it is the composite object, however, hover over the Photographic Reconnaissance Laboratory as indicated in the photograph, multiplying exposed at night, with a dark view field surrounding the lamp. The day-time exposure of the building was carefully combined to produce the aerial hovering effect. However, the fraud is indicated because no highlights may be seen in the auto roofs. (The possibility of building shadows is not existent in Series A).

It is therefore concluded that the authenticity of the picture, taken by the Coast Guard photographer, is open to serious doubt.

1.Incl
Series A (4 Prints)
Series B (4 Prints)
Series C (4 Prints)
Series D (2 Prints)

CONCURRENCE:

/s/ MATTHEW MAXSON
CAPTAIN, USAF
Chief, Photo Reconnaissance Lab
Reconnaissance Components Division"