The image does not contain any photograph or image. It appears to be a document with text describing a UFO sighting incident.

CASE # 1 (COAST)
Road-car approach. At approximately 100 yards in front of the pilot's a/c the object seemed to instantly change to a vertical plane as vertically deis determined on which side of his aircraft to pass. The object passed very closely off the left wing of the a/c within 50 yards distance and the pilot noted a blurred reddish-blueish haze of indeterminate size and shape but definitely no larger than his a/c. This action happened so rapidly that the pilot was unable to take any evasive action. Immediately after the object passed, the pilot broke sharply to the left in an effort to catch a better glimpse of it. The object rapidly sped away, climbing absent to approximately 15,000' and circled to the left and began to descend self-positioning itself for another pass on the pilot's a/c. At this point, out of sheer fright, the pilot turned off all his running lights and spiraled steeply to the left, keeping the object in sight and leveled off at 1500'. At this time the object seemed to level off from its circling descent towards the pilot's a/c, turned sharply to the right and made another rapid fitting ascent into the atmosphere until out of sight. The object was observed by the pilot for approximately 7 minutes and the exact time of the head-on-pass was 2053.
The object has been referred to as an "object" because it was illuminated and only by the small, flickering blueish light by which the observer was able to track its flight path, the size of the light was described by the observer as approximately 1/2 the size of the glow emitted by normal position light on a T-33 type aircraft. Its speed was estimated to be in excess of 500 MPH and its maneuvers, which consisted mainly of rapid climbing ascents and descents, were unusually outstanding, because they were certainly not conventional. The observer parked his a/c on the Laredo AB ramp at precisely 2105 and shortly thereafter reported the incident to the proper authority.
UNQUOTE COMMENTS: AISO believes this is one on an a/c and that the maneuvers were concentrated.