The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document, specifically an "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" from the United States Air Force, dated September 15, 1952, regarding an unidentified flying object sighting in Needles, California.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: Lt. SIO Hq SBAMA
Norton AFB, Calif.  
PAGES 4 OF 5 PAGES
LT'S: Flying Object (Verbatim Copy)

Intelligence Officer
Norton A. F. Base
San Bernardino, Calif.

Subject: Unidentified Object

Last night while sitting on my front porch at Needles, about 3:30 P.M., I noticed an object moving from north to south and immediately called the attention of my wife to it. I have no way of knowing its size, except that it was, but I feel rather sure it was at least a mile away and probably farther. 

My wife and I agree that it was this shape [[diagram of object shape]].

Direction of Travel:
It moved at a terrific speed, like the above type does. It made no noise and kept on a steady course until it was out of sight in about 12 seconds.

In the opinion of this observer, I would estimate that this object was about 20,000 feet in the air, as I could just barely see it, and it seemed to be quite small in size. The color was light and seemed to glow, but we could not, at any time, see it very clearly.

This matter was light in color and seemed to glow a very dull glow, or was it some sort of illuminations different?

I feel rather certain that the object was not lit up by the lights of the city, because it was just the same dull incandescent color over the city and continued on over the desert. There were no clouds in the immediate vicinity, and it was only about four or more before the moon came up.

I have ruled out the possibility that it might have been a large flock of ducks or some other birds, as there are no birds or flocks of any kind near this area at this time.

I also have ruled out the possibility of its being a conventional aircraft, as I know these surveys, and I cannot find any similarity to anything I know.

The only thing I can think it might have been would be an atmospheric condition forming a cloud-like shape and sending it in a direction almost opposite the light prevailing there at that time.