There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document that provides a detailed description of an observation of a UFO event that occurred on August 25, 1951. The text describes the professional standing of the observers, the sighting of a swiftly moving semi-circle of lights in the sky, and the characteristics of the lights that were observed. The document also mentions that the sighting was reported in newspapers and by other people.

The text found in the document is as follows:

professional standing of the persons who made these observations makes this case especially worthy of note. The observers were all professors of the Texas Technical College at Lubbock: V. T. Robinson, Ph. D., in Geology, but also well versed in all fields of science; A. G. Oberg, Ph. D., professor of physics and Prof. W. L. Ducker, head of the Petroleum Engineering Department.

On the evening of 25 August 1951, these men were sitting in Dr. Robinson's garden. It was a clear, mid-summer night, and the men were scanning the skies, counting and discussing meteors as they flashed into view. When suddenly there appeared, in the northeast, a swiftly moving semi-circle of lights. The events that followed by the phenomena, and decided they would watch carefully for another appearance of this object or objects, and, if it occurred, would attempt to analyze its characteristics. 

In about an hour, their watch was rewarded. This time they were ready. One man looked while the others acted as timers. The bluish-green lights were clearly and plainly visible but not brilliant. The individual lights varied in intensity, and each was somewhat larger in appearance than a star. 

Each of the two flights that night consisted of a series of lights in an accurate V formation which covered about 100 in the sky. The men estimated that the two flights were identical in size, shape, velocity, and course.

There was no sound associated with either ghostly passage.

During the week following the first sighting, the original group witnessed five flights between the hours of 9 and 12 p.m. By this time the story had hit the newspapers, and several other people had reported similar observations.