The image does not contain any photographs. The provided text is a written report from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's official program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The report describes an incident that occurred on August 1-2, 1952 at Port Lyautey, French Morocco, where observers reported seeing a very intense red light in the sky. The report provides details about the sighting, including the objects' movements and the weather conditions at the time. There is no image or photograph included in this particular page of the report.

I.O. MAF Port Lyautey, P.M. 1-2-52 of 15 August 1952

Lights were a very intense red. IT bears further stated that from the location of the observer the object appeared to be behind Port Lyautey and had taken (21.6 miles apart).

A later study of the MAF radar logs at this aircraft off the ground on the 1st August 1952 between 23:45 and 00:15 hours. A later entry stated that the object in question was observed by two tower operators to pass to the SHY after hovering for 50 minutes.

On the night of 2 August, cameramen were stationed at AF tower and aircraft in the area were activated to keep a 30 minute, for unusual objects. Despite these measures, no further sightings were recorded.

Weather observed from a Fleet Weather Central, Port Lyautey, both surface and upper-air, for the period indicated (4-12 August 1952) are enclosed (7 p.). The observations show that weather for this period was generally excellent with high or variable ceilings and good visibility.

Referring to enclosures (2), (3) and (5), rough computation shows that the speed of the object must have been more than XOOO miles per hour.

I.O. Comments: The officers who sighted this "flying saucer" object were experienced in normal observations, ship handling & flight operations. This report is submitted as the first direct observation as nearly as what is normally available. The object appeared to be larger than an aircraft, possibly another aircraft or a "chasing star". There have been other similar observations concerning the identification or significance of the object sighted.

PREPARED BY: M.J. TRAVERS, LT., USAF FORWARDED BY: F. ROSS, LT., USAF