There do not appear to be any photographs on this page of the document. 

Here's the OCR-generated text from the document:

```
Wing Intelligence, Moody AFB, Ga R-54-52 2 3

1. The SOURCE stated that the first object was round, much smaller than a
star, white in color. Second object was round, same si.ze as a star, white in
color. The third object was round, biger then a star and constantly white in
color. Fourth object, SOURCE stated shape and size could not be determined,
but was also white in color. The shape and size of the fifth object also could
...nn be determined, but was also white in color . A total of five (5) flying ob-
jects were observed. No particular formation was held by these objects. The 
aerodynamic features, if any, could not be determined and no trace of trail or
exhaust was observed being emitted from the objects. The propulsion system
could not be determined. SOURCE stated that all of the objects traveled at an
extremly high speed. No sound was heard coming from any of the objects. The
FIRST Object appeared from a southerly direction. Altitude and distance un-
known. The object traversed toward a northwest direction for two (2) minutes
and disappeared. It did not change coloring. The second object appeared at
approximately 2031 hours in a northwest direction. Altitude and distance un-
known. The object traversed for about thirty (30) seconds in a southeast direc-
tion and disappeared. The third object appeared at about 2045 hours in a south
direction. Altitude and distance unknown. This object remained completely 
stationary throughout tho entire period of observation. (SOURCE stated that this 
object remained for an unknown length of time after tho afforcmentioncd and fol-
lowing objects disappeared). SOURCE departed after observing all but the above
mentioned object disappearing . While the object was stationary its coloring
would change constantly from blue to red. The fourth object appeared at 2100 
hours in a southerly direction. Altitude and distance unknown. The object 
traveled for approximately one (1) second toward a southerly direction and dis-
appeared. The fifth object appeared at about 2130 hours in a northwest direction.
altitude and distance unknown. The object tavaled south for ap);roximately one 
(1) second and disappeared. SOURCE stated that the outstanding feature of the 
entire sighting was the stationary object. H> other unusual features were ob-
served by the SOURCE; however, on ono (1) occasion, he stated that a white flash 
appeared between two (2) of the above objects but he could not elaborate or give
details on the matter.

2. SOURCE observed the above objects from approximitely 2030 hours to
2145 hours (one (1) hour and fifteen (15) minutes) on 23 July 1952. 

3. SOURCE observed the objects visually

4. The point of observation was directly in front of Building 439, 
3550th Air Base Group Supply Room, Moody Air Force Base, Georgia. The coordi-
nates of Moody Air Forces Base are as follow: Latitude: 30 58'N; Longitude: 
83 09 W . SOURCE observed the objects in a southerly direction and at an alti-
tude (overall) (could not determine altitude or distance of each individual 
object) of approximatoly twenty thousand (20,000) feet.

5. SOURCE is a high school graduate and is presently assigned to duty 
hore at this station as a flight clerk. The SOURCE could not offer any addi-
tional information pertaining to his background knowledge and practical exper-
ience on whlch his reliabLlity can be judged.

UNCLASSIFIED
```