The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an Air Intelligence Information Report. I will now proceed to perform OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Report No.: 52-350
Page: 2 of 4 Pages

On 15 November 1952, at 1942, Lt. Barnard, pilot, USAF, and Lt. Richard F. Barnum, navigator, USAF, both of the 55th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, were intercepting an unidentified flying object.

At 13,575 feet, they first sighted the object, which appeared to be a point source of light. As they approached, the object veered away at a high rate of speed, climbing to an estimated 20,000 feet in the vicinity. The pilot and navigator, observers, were flying a combat mission in the aircraft over the central sector of the friendly area.

The object initially was sighted approximately 20-25 miles in a northerly direction. The weather conditions were clear, with visibility unlimited. The object appeared to be motionless, at approximately the same altitude and in a northerly direction. The weather conditions at the time were clear, with a light westerly wind at 10,000 feet generally from 250 degrees wind direction.

Lt Bass first noted the unidentified object moving north, apparently close to the aircraft. The object (possibly a balloon or possibly sky coverage) was originally observed against the slope of Orang-San (Papan-an) at CT6545.55. The object initially appeared to be an estimated 5-10 miles and then turned south and gained altitude. At the same time the object appeared to be leaving a trail or vapor.

Lt Bass again sighted the object and identified it as not being an aircraft, as it did not show any lights or running lights. This sighting was at an estimated 10-15 miles at which time the object appeared to be spherical in shape, silver in color and approximately 10-15 feet in diameter. There was no evidence of any protrusions or any sort. The surface was smooth.

When Lt Bass saw the object, which was moving at approximately the same speed as the aircraft which he estimated to be 300-400 knots, the object headed south and began climbing at a high rate of speed, turning into a left-handed turn around the aircraft. He advised the pilot as to the direction of the object.

Lt Barnard's description of the object was that it was a "silver spherical object, the size of a man's fist held at extended arm's length." He further described the object as "shimmering" and having a "halo" which surrounded the object. The halo was about 2 to 3 times the diameter of the object itself. He further stated that the shimmering effect appeared to be more apparent when the object was turning.

That the object was burning in a left-hand orbit about a central point, with the shimmering or flickering distinctly evident. The pilot, Lt Barnard, stated that the object's shape remained constant and appeared to increase in speed as it moved. After the first complete circle, the object appeared to climb more rapidly, and continued increasing the radius of its circle.