This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report detailing an observation of an unidentified flying object over Kyushu, Japan on October 9, 1952.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Southern Defense Area - JAPAN - 10 Sept 1952
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
REPORT BY: First Lieutenant Richard H. Catchell, AD 1,915 325 and First Lieutenant Charles A. Smoot, AD 500 1279.
Confirm On, as F-94 was "scramble", 1st Lieutenant Catchell to 1,000 on a Scramble, 1st Lieutenant Smoot.
(O5:55) Logged as he was airborne, the pilot called SHIGANO-SHIMA GOC (Control) advising they had a target indicated 17 miles 315 degrees from Shigano-Shima, closing in, Course and speed not confirmed. GOC control advised to continue follow for a briefing. (Confirm follow was a previously airborne F-94)
FIGHTER SHIGANO-SHIMA GOC Confirm Green was as then seen the object was then BRADY Air Field, now beyond radar range. GOC continued to advise the object was still under observation as it changed course and headed south, gaining altitude with speed.
It was at this time the bright light referred to as the object, was seen by the body. The light was on a trailing of scope camera shutter near the rear fire nozzle. The light was smooth in outline, bright yellow for a briefing.
Confirm Confirm Green headed 220°, climbing with afterburner to 33,000 feet. Object continued to a point estimated 7-12 miles beyond BRADY Air Field, then disappeared. Aircraft landed with full tanks and normal landing.
As this time (19:05) Pilot identified "bogies" of object no longer observed. Friendly identification was accomplished by a check of all aircraft in the area. As this time (19:05) Pilot identified "bogies" of object no longer observed.
On the way toward BRADY Air Field Confirm Green noticed another GOC then called Confirm Green and instructed them to continue responsible for object was still under observation by GOC. They readled over 90 miles. The 30 miles in position where the object was first sighted has 0 indicated. The object was tracked by GOC for 20 miles to the position where the object was last seen.
The object was lost seen when Confirm Green was 30 miles NW of BRADY Air Field. It was observed in the sky still at a bearing of 220° from SHIGANO-SHIMA, with an elevation above the horizon of 5-10°.
The light was last seen through a break in the clouds and was changing color rapidly.
Pilot and radar observer are of the opinion that the object was a star or other heavenly body.