There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a page from an old document discussing the "Nash-Fortenberry Disc" and related UFO observations.

A POSSIBLE EXPLANATION OF THE NASH-FORTENBERRY DISC

In the hope of solving the mystery, even though a decade has passed, the authors of this book have made a thorough study of the available evidence and present the results in the pages that follow.

We wish to thank Prof. C. R. Manning, who, through the courtesy of the U.S. Air Force, allowed us to examine the files of Project Blue Book and to discuss the case with several persons concerned in the investigation.

When observations relating to a strange phenomenon seem to point to a conclusion that contradicts the main body of scientific knowledge, the reaction of the scientist is generally to reject the evidence as questionable. This is impossible. The data of the Chesapeake Bay case indicate that something happened which is impossible by the standards of the Chesapeake Bay observers. The next step is to re-examine the assumptions on which the conclusion that the UFO had an extraterrestrial origin is based. The belief that the UFO had an extraterrestrial origin is based chiefly on two assumptions: first, that the estimates of the disk's size, distance, and speed were reasonably accurate; and second, that the disks were solid objects. If either assumption is unsound, the extraterrestrial theory is unnecessary and the incident becomes much less of a puzzle.

Both witnesses were alert and experienced observers. Nevertheless, their determinations of distance and size, and hence of speed, are open to question because of the very fact that the disks were unidentified phenomena. Angular estimates are usually reliable when an observer is judging the position and speed of other known aircraft moving in the sky. But when the moving object is a strange and unfamiliar one against an empty sky or flat ground containing no visible objects for comparison, the observer's ability to judge distance and size becomes very little. The ability to judge distance depends largely on the binocular vision of the observer's eyes, expanded by a span of about 2.5 inches. If an object is at any greater distance, they subtract an angle of about one-tenth of a degree, less than one tenth the diameter of the full moon. This is a physiological fact, and means that if the observer is more than 300 feet away from an object of unknown size, he cannot determine its distance accurately unless he knows how large it is. Using angular estimates, the witnesses in the Chesapeake Bay case calculated that at the point of closest approach the disks were a mile lower than the plane and about half a mile to the north-northeast. Mentally converting their angular estimates with that of a DC-3 aircraft at this distance, the observers arrived at an estimate of size-whose accuracy depends on having a known distance. The circularity of this process indicates the weakness of all such estimates. Even the most skilled observer cannot accurately judge the distance of an unidentified object when he does not know its actual size, and he cannot judge the size unless he knows its distance.

Over Stratford, Connecticut, on May 15, 1952, a cloudless day when visibility was unlimited, two Navy aircraft reported a near collision at about 2000 feet. The Navy pilot filed a complaint stating that the two planes had missed each other by a distance of only about 600 feet. According to the commercial pilot, the planes had had a leeway of about 4500 feet-a more than sixfold difference! [5] Thus good pilots can differ widely in estimating the position of objects in the sky, even known aircraft seen in full daylight. With an unrecognized phenomenon seen in fullness or in similarities, as in the Chesapeake Bay case, good estimates are impossible.

The extraterrestrial conclusion depends even more strongly on the assumption that the disks were solid objects. If they were not, the element of impossibility disappears and the case becomes merely the report of an unusual natural phenomenon. The authors believe that the disks were not solid objects at all, but rather masses of ionized gas or plasma, similar to ball lightning. This hypothesis explains their apparently impossible speed, size, and disappearance, as well as the circular, glowing appearance.