The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Harvard College Observatory in Cambridge, Massachusetts, dated January 13, 1952.

Transcription of the text in the document:

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

January 13, 1952

Dear Capt. [Redacted],

I am really very appreciative of your thoughtful letter of January 13. I am glad to see that you have given this matter serious consideration. And, though I explicitly stated that I could not be of assistance in your investigation, I am pleased that you are continuing your efforts and I hope you will be good enough to let me explain my position, which I think is that of the average scientist at the Air Force, so that we may understand each other better.

I suppose that I cannot disguise you of your full right to inve3tigate this matter, but I am simply a person cooperating with the Air Force in an endeavor to suppress any misinformation and to give you in common with many others, are subscribing to "saucers" messages that the Air Force, for reasonly considering this to be necessary to meet an emergency that appears more imaginary than real, is seeking to impose restrictive measures on the dissemination of what appears to them inconstrovertible evidence than anything warrants.

However, the air force view may not be official and conceivably may be mistaken. I have always been an advocate of military secrecy only when I believed it to be necessary in the national interest. In the present case I strongly suspect that the military view is influenced by considerations that I cannot approve, and I would not be willing to become a party to imposing such restrictions. I have made my position clear in my talks. I have had opportunities to consider this matter from many angles and I have come to the conclusion that there is no good reason for imposing the restrictions that have been proposed. 

I was impressed by the fairness and restraint with which you have presented your case. I hope that the attitude of the Air Force will become more enlightened on this matter. If I can be of any assistance in making the problems involved better understood, I shall be glad to do so. However, I do not feel that I should commit myself to a position that I cannot fully approve.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]