It might also be true that a gyro-produced of the disconnectedly across it not be the visible ionization of the air immediately below the surface of the craft. Various degrees of power applied could produce a rotation light change the magnetic field's alignment showing in an ionized state. This could exhibit the apparent colors of the disconnection reported, and also the oneness in color, curtation of mass and co-occurrence in all. Yes, and the glowing glow certainly. As we all know, air is also ionization of mass.

UFOA 1 question. Is it possible for a heavy layer of immediately around a fast moving object with of a Mach from rotation - with the outer ionized air taking any spine at the different this, I have just conjectured about, our hot out sufficient equality equated with the properties of ionized air. but no frankly about it.

To carry is further, photos at night odd fast light work, his oral reports, frequently indicate a fine round leading edge, and a lettered trailing edge. One photo (I don't have it) shows a fine scanning line of light between various appearances guides - like a long narra spanacion. Could this explain a gradual collapse of the air ionized by the craft? What further it felt heat that a mobile of ionized air. I don't - What a single electrical source which would resist collapse, by a surface of insulation before region way to collapse disturbed. Could have used odd it would be much question. Investigation unlike the words soon, it might explain the - all of- and if they were considered, a more or-project or the granulation power-sources, if the compare is in individual is they name. the illumination of the craft also could be important considering that it would underline could be considered for any report whatever in alright.

To motor Manual, reflections, mirages, and other non-substantiable things are not the only guesses one can make to explain the reversals, speed, illumination, and silence of the UFO's.

Now I call try to answer your specific questions:

1. The side window of a PC4 is inclined approximately 10 degrees, with the top inward the aircraft centerline (I called for a list of "all" and "new complex with your reflection theory, it is thought even it looking - if it to orient aircraft orientation through there windows too, including a curved one. Differ work on a four-window theory then; see 3 5, below)

2. Our compass course was 200 degrees magnetic.

3. The great ground speed and air speed, I don't recall. It has been almost '68 years, and I don't have it recorded, but a DC-4 previous lab shots, as used the ground speed to ease making a 640 K TAS, 180 ground speed of it, to comprise DC-4 at at old P.M., after overheading Norfolk VHF Range not more later.

4. The objects seemed to appear first, in place, about 10 lines beyond Fintport and had encountered an approximate twenty of encountered on the right of our heading. They seemed to below launch at what time it here been light on the ground.