The image contains a document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" and does not appear to contain any photographs.

Transcription of the text in the document:

In compliance with AF Letter 200-5, dated 29 April, 1952, the following information is submitted:

(1) This single, orange-colored object, when viewed from a distance, appeared to be about the size of a basketball, with the appearance of a fluorescent light or a welding arc. It was reported to be accompanied by a blue fluorescent glow, which appeared to be beam shaped. Its explosive-like brilliance, and some red or orange flame, seemed to be seen exhaled. Its color, as observed, appeared to be a vivid orange, or reddish-orange, and it was observed to be surrounded by a light blue or greenish-blue luminous area.

(2) This object or flash was observed at 1030 hours CST, and remained visible for from three to twenty seconds. The disappearance of the object seemed to be the dwindling of the light, rather than a sudden extinguishing.

(3) A visual surface observation without optical or electronic equipment was made.

(4) The object was observed from two different locations, and while the shape appeared to be round or spherical, at the first observation it seemed to be narrower than at the second observation, the angle of the object to the ground visually, that is, the altitude of the object, seemed to be lower. The first observer spotted the object at an attitude of 300. The second observer spotted the object at an altitude of 20,000 and 15 miles distant.

(5) This object was observed by the observer and his wife, and the other observer and his wife.

(6) As to the time of the sighting, the weather was warm. There were scattered clouds, and almost no wind.

(7) No activity or condition, meteorological or otherwise, is known to have existed which may have accounted for the sighting.

(8) No physical evidence of the sighting exists.

(9) No interception or identification action taken.

(10) Location of air activity in the general area at the time of the sighting is unknown.