DO NOT

DETAILS (Contd)

turn, the six (6) unconventional aircraft drifted for a very brilliant glow and
[redacted] observed two (2) other unconventional type aircraft coming in from
the right of the original formation. Almost instantly all unconventional
aircraft instantaneously a moment later to brilliant glow appeared on
the objects instantaneously and they appeared to be in a steep climb. Their
glow was extinguished again, then turn in response rather that instantaneously
and they were lost to view. The objects were definitely not eliminated from
view by cloud formation or distance.

4. In accordance with AFOSI Letter No. 55 dated 23 October 1952 and
letter Department of the Air Force, Headquarters, United States Air Force,
Washington 25, D. C., entitled "Reporting of Information on Unconventional
Aircraft" dated 8 September 1952, following information was obtained through
interviews and is set forth:

Shape: Definitely circular in shape and very flat.

Size: Estimate approximately 100 feet in diameter. Determined
by use of nearby diameter of objects approximately one and one-
half inches on pencil at arms length. Believe distance of
objects at closest proximity to pan American aircraft at 6000
feet also estimated size of unconventional aircraft in relation-
ship to city and surrounding area.

Color: Whole top surface appeared to be a hot coal, with starry
glow of light, a little more amber than a cheap tail light. Far
more brilliant glow than the lights of Norfolk and Newport News,
Virginia. Glow extinguished directly below B-4 after turn.
Glow reappeared approximately 6 miles out and was again extinguished
a few seconds later.

Number: Six unconventional aircraft in original formation and
two additional unconventional aircraft joined original flight.
Original flight in echelon formation in 2 flights of 3 or a formation
tion of 6, with the first 3 stacked up as if they were accelerating
or decelerating. Extra flight appeared to fly like a group of
fighters.

Aerodynamic Features: When observed on turn, appeared very thin
in depth. No exhaust, flames or trails observed. No navigation
lights or running lights observed. Only reddish amber brilliant
glow from top surface.

Propulsion System: Objects appeared to have no weight, accelerated
and then changed heading instantaneously. Rate correction of 1-5
degree instantaneously and no slip or skidding observed. Optical
of co-pilot -- degree of glow from objects is directly proportionate
to rate of acceleration. Also, side of glow controlled direction
and speed of aircraft. *

[redacted sections at bottom of page]