There are no photographs on this page of the document.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text:

---

                                     STATEMENT

On Saturday, the 27th of December 1952, between 2300 and 2400 hours, I was riding in a car approximately 50 miles South of Canadian, Texas, on US Highway 83. Four other occupants and I were traveling due South, when there appeared before us an intense bluish-white light. The light was different than any light I have ever seen on any conventional type aircraft, in that, it had a "Fluorescent" type color and brightness. The light at first appeared in the Southeast at an altitude of about two to four thousand feet, as the object flew in what seemed to be a straight line to the Northwest, it climbed to approximately a mile and a half in altitude.

When the object traveled from the Southeast to the Northwest it passed ahead and above our car which was pulled to the side of the road. As the object flew across our field of vision, and we got a somewhat side view of it, we could see that sparks and fire were emitted as though from an exhaust. The object was traveling directly into the wind and sparks could be seen trailing the bluish-white light. This was the only visible means of propulsion, however, no sound whatsoever could be heard as the object moved across the skies. No estimation of size or construction could be made as the object passed by so quickly, that only the intense light and fire trail could accurately be seen.

I would estimate that the object stayed in vision for about two or three minutes and did not disappear by loosing velocity or light, but continued on its course beyond the sight range of our eyes. When the object was first sighted it was about two miles away with a velocity of two or three hundred miles per hour. As it climbed and moved across the skies, its velocity increased to about eight hundred to a thousand miles per hour.

At the time the above took place the night was cold and clear with a light layer of snow on the ground. All the occupants of the car observed the phenomena depicted above and all agreed it did not resemble any conventional type aircraft known to us. I was a B-29 crew chief during the last war and cannot recall any type aircraft that even resembled this object.

I certify that the above statement is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

---

