The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document describing the discovery and preliminary investigation of a stone-like object.

Here is the text from the document:

Subj: The discovery and preliminary investigation of a stone-like object, which apparently fell from the air near Washingtion, D. C.

On or about 20 July, 1952, a 60 year-old man and his family arrived at their home near Rapid City, South Dakota. They have lived in or very near the house and small farm he now owns. I have known him for about twenty-two years, and he has worked for me more of the last four or five years. I have found him to be punctual, loyal and honest. 

For the possible baby food container of a mother that recently had been killed in car accident at her home, and that he spoke to me when I took it in my possession, about Wednesday. About 3:30 P. M. from a ground-hog den, he said they had paused to rest, and watched for the ground-hog, when an object fell from the sky and I went to pick it up. He said the object was about the size of a baseball, and that it made a sizzling noise as it fell to the ground, and that he picked it up and that it was very hot. He said he thought it might be a meteorite. I have examined the object and mentioned the newspaper account of the "sky objects" that were reported sighted over the District of Columbia and so far have not concluded that the object in the needless and that he says is not a fused or melted piece of the ground-hog den, and that he thought it might be a meteorite.

After I handed it to me, he said: "Smell the odor". But at the time, two days after its discovery, it could detect no odor. His wife has confirmed to me (and to another witness) his statement that the object had a burned human odor.

I asked and received Mr. Government's permission to have the object examined and submit a report on it without some preliminary investigation.

On 30 July, 1952, after careful examination of the object over the week-end, I have the following description of it in my diary (as very slightly edited):

It is obviously had been, at some time, fractured or two of its five surfaces. The edges of the fractures are very sharp and in places concolor with the rest of the object. One very small part of the fractures looked as though it had been done very recently.

The stone is bluish-gray in color, and I believe is several times heavier than the same volume of ordinary stone. Its longest dimension is about four inches. One surface of it is cylindrical, with the chord of the cylinder about an inch long.

2