The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or report.

I'll now act as an OCR system and transcribe the text found in the document:

Dear Sir:

I like to tell you about something that happened to me today. It's really quite a story, and I'll bet you'll get a kick out of it. 

Well, as I was coming home from town, I decided to stop off at the old baker's hill in S.F. Just when reaching the top of the hill, I noticed what I thought to be a flying saucer. It looked like a big disk, hovering right up on the side of the hill. It was not too far away to the right of the hill. I got the impression it was making a humming sound, and in what angle I saw it I seemed to be only the side as a bean to me. My binoculars seem to have failed me that day as I could not get them to focus. For some reason I could not focus them to a sharp image. I could not do anything like read any writing or anything like that on the object. It looked like it was some kind of large aluminum object. I could not see any windows or openings of any kind. It just looked like a real shiny aluminum object hovering right up on the side of the hill. I could not do anything else except just watch it. It could only have been about 30 seconds as it all seems to me. It then made a very slight movement over and down to the right and then seemed to just disappear in a flash. It was one of the old school planes with the landing wheels down but it was not moving in the least. It was just hovering there and every contour of that plane was visible. I saw as it was so much nearer and every contour of that plane was visible.

I went upstairs as I live only half a block down the street and I have a big binocular window facing the area where I saw the object. I took my binoculars out not very good but helps to see near objects. I could not find it on a slight gale on the house and could not seem to find the source it was just about 3:25 in daylight saving time. I just knew for about I minute it was there after looking there for quite some time. I never saw anything like it before looking around I could not seem to find any trace of the object. I am very puzzled about the time to the minute. I have been watching the sky every day whenever I got time for it. Well, next thing made me shaky as I said. I am sorry to do it no detailed description is possible in how it looked. 

I came in from the other room and in to our room and started to cook supper, and some I saw I have I left the blind I started down toward the square as I saw him standing on the hill of Fulton St. toward the beach. I think about 5 blocks from here. I did not come across that before hence same as I saw them just coming from the air pretty low at about 350 feet and lying down to about 75 feet. They did not seem to be moving but hovered right there it seems like no power at all from the roar. I could not seem to find any flash from exhaust or anything. The wind was blowing from the ocean beach toward city center. I have the wind was blowing from the ocean beach toward city center. I have the big binoculars too and this flying object flew towards the beach the slowed down to nearly no speed at all at the church. Dark no visible power. I am often seen but have no more detail I want to give.