The image contains a portion of a text document with no photographs or visual representations of anything other than text and hand-drawn arrows and descriptions.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
Page 7

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include
in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, and place an arrow
beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

<-A white trail coming straight down from sky with
slightly "twisty" movement of fleecy white at
bottom,appearing with distinct edges and appeared 
about 4 inches wide, in West.

White trail out cloud with movement heading
Southeast, more East than South >

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes No

26.1      If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions
did you see other ones?

27.  In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have
caused it?        do not know.     I first wondered if something 
was coming down and will explode.     When movement changed and trail
beginning movement took off toward Southeast, wondered if Kirt Base
was having some kind of practice or test, or if it could be that
an enemy was experimenting from high above with a guided missile,
or experimenting with something not dangerous to see what could be
directed to a given spot successfully or not in event an enemy
desired to effect sabotage or war.
23. Give the following information about yourself:

          NAME

          Last Name                 First Name                Middle Name

ADDRESS             
                                      Street                       City                         Zone      State

TELEPHONE NUMBER       3-5291
* What is your present job?          Housewife
Age 43
Sex Female
Last School Attended           Business College St.Paul.
Year of last attendance at this school 1920 __
``` 

Please note that some parts of the personal information in the document are obscured, likely to protect individual privacy.