There is no photograph present on this page. 

The text on the page is as follows:

```
                                                           -22-


          CAPTAIN RUPPELT: It varies with the type of people.
     In other words, at Los Alamos most of the people are fairly
     technical people. However, you run the guards in a place like
     that. Now, that may be another factor. All those installations 
     have guards that stay out twenty-four hours a day and those 
     people are in a better position to observe than other people.

          THE PRESS: Have many of the scientists though, for
     instance at Los Alamos, the scientists or technical people,
     reported these things?

          CAPTAIN RUPPELT: Yes, they have. We have reports
     from very high technical people.

          THE PRESS: If your reports, some of them, come from
     these technical people, what type of information would the
     Air Force like to have?

          CAPTAIN RUPPELT: The Air Force would like to have --
     can I answer, sir?

          MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Go ahead.

          CAPTAIN RUPPELT: The Air Force would like to have
     a size, speed and altitude and what-have-you on these things.

          THE PRESS: Number of men inside it? (Laughter)

          THE PRESS: In view of practicalities what would an
     ordinary citizen do if he saw one? Would you be interested in
     his information? What can he do to help you?

          CAPTAIN RUPPELT: Actually, we are very much interested.
     However, there isn't much we can do with their information.
     It's possible that you might get a series of sightings. In
     other words, if you get everybody up and down the East Coast
     looking, you might be able to plot a ground track from it,
     but the information we get from the general public or from
     a scientist -- there's no difference. In other words, well,
     let's take a meteor-like object, for example. If you're out
     some night and see a meteor, what can you tell me about that 
     meteor? You don't even know in which direction it was going.
     Actually, it looked to you maybe like it was going across the
     sky from east to west, but you're not sure. You're just looking
     at a horizontal projection of that meteor. And a scientist
     the same way. Just because he's a scientist doesn't mean he's
     got better eyes.
```