There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image shows a typed document that appears to be a UFO report from Project Blue Book. I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

INFORMATION 

IR-179-52
DeQuincy, La. 
Nov 29, 1952

Intelligence, Lakes Charles Airbase.
Dear Sir:

Last night between 8:15 and 8:30 I walked out on my front porch and saw a light coming towards me. (My house faces East and is in the upper-east north-east corner of DeQuincy, La. The house next door behind me.) The light was very bright and moving, resembling the red light of an aircraft descending. The light seemed to just hang in the air just over the roof of the house next door. As I moved closer for a closer observation the light took on the appearance of the arrow-shaped object with two colors on the outside rim, green and reddish-pink.  

I called the family and told my husband to go to town and tell some one else, but didn't tell him to call the base as I didn't know if the observers he showed it to did so either. Getting back to what I saw - It seemed to just hang there for a period of time and then it made what seemed to be a sharp, quick turn and headed in a south westerly direction. It's speed was tremendous - just about as fast as I could observe it going away. That was the last I saw of the object. After he left, I gathered by daughter-in-law's thoughts. She had joined me and supposed to be watching. She had turned to go back in the house when she saw it coming and missed observing it leave. 

The parachute shape of the object was reddish-pink but the large vertical thing was a red or orange glow, it would be hard to say which color, as it did not seem to give off any definite light. Other times it seems like it had taken an altitude and it was a huge object judging by the size, just as the glow would change color and shape. 

This is the only report I have given of an object and don't intend to inform anyone else unless this should be required.

CERTIFIED A TRUE COPY:

Donald W. Smith
Captain, USAF
Acting IDI. 44th Ea Wg (*)