This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing the investigation of a "stone-like object" that was recovered from the air near Washington, D.C.

The text reads:

Subj: The discovery and preliminary investigation of a stone-like object, which apparently fell from the air near Washington, D. C.

The are certain unusual physical characteristics over three inches, and with a distance of two and five-eighths inches between the arcuate edges of the two roughly parallelipiped shapes found in the cylindrical surface. The cylindrical surface obviously has been intelligently shaped, either by carving or tooling to achieve this highly regular form. There are fragmentary coatings on parts of the surface which appear to have been some type of cement. This cement is unlike or similar to what remains or is so plainly associated with the finger nail fragments of the cement also adhere to both the roughly parallel surfaces. A reddish brown and iron material substance appears very probably to only one (the smallest) of the three fractured surfaces. The small amounts of cement adhering to small parts of the other two fractured surfaces distinctly located along the sharp edges of the fractures. These stains look like residues from a very fluid, thin flow. They seem more connected near one end of the short-cylinder. At this end the three sharp edges of the fractures there are stained on both sides as though the original all three slightly curved edges have entered under stress there.

The middle-sized fractured surface has embedded in its surface what look to be minute bits of a rust-hued accretion. This surface has no trace of any coating.
Also on this surface - as well as on parts of the other two fractured surfaces - granular black or amorphous brown spots or markings that might possibly be contaminates of some kind from its having been perched out of one of the little balls. It was nearly perfectly spherical, and this may indicate a single dent in it, through which it seems to be that gas in cooling might have escaped. The material has these tiny bubbled pits or impressions may have once seen before.

On the afternoon of 29 July, after I had given Dr. a ride to his home, we went with me to the woods where he had found the object. This wooded area was about one half of a mile from the nearest small road. For about an hour and a half we searched for and photographed a cracked tree or rock or another pit of similar material, but found no evidence of anything like the object. However, we did find very near the spot where the object was located two very heavy stones, one larger high, which had semi-dried leaves, obviously still in the process of withering, as though they had been exposed to heat or they could have been dying from the drought.

On 30 July, it took the object in question to the U. S. Bureau of Standards, Mineral Products Laboratory, where an examination was made to determine what it was. According to the report of this examination, Mineral Products Division; Dr. John McBurney, Mineral Products Division; Mr. Frank Caldwell of the Geological Section; Mineral Development Section; Dr. Robert Thullen, geologist. Chief of the Mineral Products Division; and Mr. H. F. McMurdie, Chief Petrologist, did comprehensive examinations. They determined that there was nothing in the object that would allow definitive identification of it.* Most of them said that it was not a natural stone; none said that it was.