The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an extract of a report from the Weather Bureau Airport Station in Boston, Massachusetts, dated August 7, 1952, describing an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting on July 22, 1952.

The text in the document is as follows:

EXTRACT OF REPORT FROM WEATHER BUREAU AIRPORT STATION
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS, DATED AUGUST 7, 1952

"On July 22, 1952, from approximately 11:15 PM to 11:26, PST, a flying object was observed which interfered with my 21,000-ft. balloon run at that time. This object was followed with a theodolite as it appeared to be closely associated with the dimming balloon. It was not seen with the naked eye because it seemed more apparent to follow its closely with the theodolite and record the angles and change of colors.

The object was oval shaped with colored lights of red, green, and blue arranged horizontally. The colored lights, when clearly visible, appeared rectangular in shape with rounded corners. The brightness of the lights seemed to depend on the angle of observation.

"During the 11 minutes observed, the object which was southeast of the station gained altitude from an azimuth angle of 115 degrees to 130 degrees and angles of elevation of 20.5 degrees to 23.0 degrees. The object made a three-second maneuver in which the angles of elevation and azimuth remained constant while the colored lights seemed to fade and a blue-white light was observed. When seen through the telescope, the balloon itself appeared as bright as a star of the first magnitude. The object appeared to be circling the 100-gram balloon.

"The object was estimated to be 25,000 ft. from the point of observation at WBAS, Boston, and at a height of 25,000 ft. when first noted, later climbing to a height of 35,000 ft.

"It seemed unlikely to the observer that jet planes could turn repeatedly in such an area as was recorded. The observer checked with the Traffic Control Tower and was informed that no aircraft were in the area. The Police Traffic Control Center received no reports from any plane in the area. Negative results were received from all concerned."