The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page of an old Project Blue Book document describing UFO sightings and observations.

UNCLASSIFIED
Weather conditions described the sky as perfectly clear, according to exceptional visibility. The weather conditions at 2220 hours EDT on July 22, 1952 were reported as follows: "Clear, west wind 11 mph, visibility 15 miles."
Detachment (1) advised that 1st Sgt ANTHONY DI NALLO, Marine Air, observed the phenomena with him, and that Sgt. MELVIN L. HALL, also of Detachment (1), observed it from a point one (1) mile north of Wollaston, Massachusetts on 22 July 1952. DI NALLO and HALL were separately interviewed by Special Agent JULIUS B. POPHAM, and their observations were confirmed. No explanation from this given by USAF.
(4) During his tour of duty, ADAMS received a total of six (6) telephone calls from the following persons who, according to ADAMS, reported unidentified flying objects in the vicinity of the Boston area: 
1. Sergeant, R - Hingham, Massachusetts.
2. Corporal, A - Cambridge (who observed the lights from Wollaston Beach near Weymouth).
3. Lieutenant, J - Medford.
4. Corporal, J - Weymouth.
Landings in these areas were not contemplated, unless your Headquarters directs otherwise.
2. Information provided:
(a) Description: Four small lights, red and green, at times completely enveloped by a single, bluish-white light much brighter than a star of ordinary magnitude. Shape, round, unusual. Cloud, and speed were not determined.
(b) Formation: None. Appeared as one (1) body only.
(c) Maneuvers: Appeared to make three complete elliptical circles at a constant altitude on one of 22 degrees. Apparently showed to slight most a step before changing direction.
(d) Time sighted: From 2315 to 2326 hours, 22 July 1952. Observers had no difficulty to track the objects moving faster than normal aircraft, but was prevented from making further observation because of other duties.
(e) Because of observations: Object was not visible to the naked eye, but was observed through a weather Bureau theodolite. A telescope used for tracking weather balloons could not be determined from markings or from observatory personnel. However, their activity indicated that balloons 15 feet in diameter could be seen through the instrument at a distance of 20 miles.

UNCLASSIFIED