Meteor Explodes With A Roar; Scares Thousands In Seattle

By Associated Press

SEATTLE, May 11—A giant meteor swished across western Washington and exploded with a tremendous flash and roar over Seattle at 1:28 a.m. today.

It frightened thousands of persons as it lighted the sky and rattled doors and windows.

No pieces were found, however, and the greatest damage seemed to have been inflicted on the people's nerves.

A 30-second rumble followed the flash.

Witnesses found it difficult to estimate the object's altitude and explosion point but triangulation fixed the explosion point somewhere over or just north of Greenlake in north central Seattle.

The Coast Guard estimated from early reports that it might have been as low as 2,000 feet when it burst. However, Capt. Bert Carlson, a Northwest Airlines pilot, flying a Spokane-Seattle shuttle, said the meteor flared at 1:32 a.m. by his watch and burst into flaming fragments at about 8,000 feet.

"We were approaching Ho-[article continues]

"It was a blue-white magnesium color," they reported over the police radio. "It lit up the sky like chain lightning."

Newspaper and police switchboards were jammed by excited callers whose fear ranged from explosion of an atom bomb to an earthquake. Very few thought of a meteor.

Police and state patrolmen patrols made fruitless efforts to find pieces of the meteor.

AN ASTROMONER at the Yerkes Observatory, Lake Geneva, Wis., said the Seattle phenomenon apparently was a "fireball" — a big meteor heavy enough to penetrate into the earth's lower atmosphere.

"However, anything can happen, and the reported force of the explosion suggests that it was somewhat lower than the usual height.

"METEORS' surfaces burn off rapidly from friction with the air and they often explode from the tremendous heat."

Fragments are seldom found, Ku[iper] said, either because they burn up before reaching ground or because they are too small to be noticed.

The chances of a meteor or a large fragment from one striking the earth are "extremely rare," Kuiper said.

THREE SEATTLE police prowl cars reported the object exploded over Green Lake in North Seattle at about 2,000 feet.

Sidney Howick, weather observer at the Seattle-Tacoma airport weather bureau, said: "It was sort of a lights-on, lights-off thing. It lasted two seconds at most."

Most observers agreed the object was travelling from southwest to northeast when it blew up.

Ten hours after the explosion, there were no reports of damage or recovered fragments.