The image appears to be a newspaper article or document discussing a reported UFO sighting, specifically a "Marine Here Snaps 'Disc'" event. The article describes the sighting of a "strange, yellowish object traveling at more than 2,000 M.P.H." that was photographed by a Marine. The Marine reported seeing the object after midnight, and it was confirmed by the Air Sea-Rescue Corps officials. The article mentions that the Marine had requested permission to take the pictures and that the photos and information were provided to the U.S. Air Force. Overall, the article appears to be a detailed account of a UFO sighting and the subsequent investigation.

MIAMI'S SAUCER?
Marine Here Snaps 'Disc'
By LARRY BIRGER, Miami Daily News Staff Writer
A strange "orange, yellowish object traveling at more than 2,000 m.p.h." was photographed last night by a Marine near the Miami Beach area. The Marine reported the sighting to the Air Sea-Rescue Corps officials, and they confirmed the existence of the object.
Forty feet in diameter, the object was first sighted about 12:45 a.m., the Marine reported. He took two pictures of the "flying saucer' with a .16-millimeter camera from the sky. The pictures were turned over to the Air Force for analysis.
Only eight seconds elapsed between the time the Marine first saw the object and when it disappeared from sight, the Marine reported. The object, he said, moved in a straight line and then made a right angle turn and shot straight up out of sight.
He had requested permission to take the pictures from the home Air Force base he was stationed at and they granted it. He kept the film in the camera until 5:05 p.m. the next day, when he took it to his home on the outskirts of Miami. 
Neighbors, shouted "Look there, in the sky," about 9:30 p.m. the previous evening. For several seconds, they reported, the object came into view and then disappeared.
The Marine, who has not been identified, took the pictures and information to the Public Information Office of the U.S. Air Force. Marine officials at the Air Sea-Rescue Corps confirmed the sighting.
They stressed the fact that the pictures were taken in an official capacity and that "all we did was to have him take the pictures. They were taken from the Air-Sea-Rescue Corps ground."