The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

MEMORANDUM
From: Capt. Edward J. RUPPELT, USAjK Head, "Operations Analysis Section," Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, OH.

Subj: The discovery and preliminary investigation of a one-like object, which reportedly fell from the air near Hermosa, S.D., on 5 August 1952.

Encl: (1) The subject stone, with small parts broken or carved away. 
(2) Letter of Mr. Everett H. Oloeker, Forester, U.S. Forest Service, dated 2 August 1952, to Capt. Ruppelt.
(3) Collection of photographs of the subject object and of other incidents.

1. As an individual armed service officer who has happened to become involved in the subject discovery, I feel duty of making a report to you (and the U.S. Air Force), for its consideration in the publicized project "Operation Skybook". It is understood that the Air Force is conducting for the armed services the centralized investigation of data regulating to the specialized "flying saucers" and that this official information will be consolidated with officers of the Bureau of Aeronautics.

2. My background of experience that might be pertinent to an evaluation of my competence in this investigation is as follows: Education - U.S. Naval Academy (1940-1944), George Washington University Law School (1947-1949). Experience: 5 years' other, classified intelligence service for the United States; 3 years' other, classified intelligence service for the United States; recently, for about 17 years, specializing mainly in aircraft propulsion, including jet propulsion (nautical assistant, U.S. Naval Inspector, Pacific Northwest, 1942 Consultant, Wright Field Aeronautical Laboratories, and a member of the "Air Materiel Command Rocket Moniter Group" as a Bureau of Aeronautics Representative) as a reserve officer, called to active duty in 1950 (Central Missiles Division, and now Head, Technical Information Branch, Butler).

3. At about the hour 1500 on Friday, 25 July 1952, the air raider, (Captain Vigil, 3d Air Division, Columbus AFB, Mississippi), showed to the air traffic control center at Rapid City, South Dakota, a one-like "flying saucer" which he found by himself and his copilot (who is about 14 years old), during a walk through a small abandoned mine in the Ardmore, Virginia (about 16 years old), during which he recalls having seen the object.