There is a single photograph on the page, displaying a black-and-white image of an aircraft flying over a nondescript area, likely relating to the content discussed in the document.

Now, here is the OCR transcription of the document:

```
AF FORM 112—PART II (CLASSIFICATION)
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Ageney) REPORT NO. PAGE J ¢ OF ¢ PAGES
Aprii Office, D/T FAAP IR-35-52

approximately 059°. Contact was maintained for approximately 90 seconds. No further returns were found. In a search pattern, the pilot checked the area very thoroughly for any visual signs without success.

d. The APO-35 radar Is checked before and after every mission and appeared to be working normally. The blip was described as definitely an airborne target and behaved as a bona-fide target, except when it appeared to accelerate off the right edge of the scope. The overcast was extremely thin, and all objects in the area could be seen clearly. The F-94 crew stated that there was no possibility of any radar contact from any of the clouds in the area at that time.

e. Haneda weather at time of sighting was recorded as 2500 scattered, 16000 broken, 15 miles visibility, with wind SSE at 11 mph. Weather reported by the personnel involved with the incident was thin scattered to broken at 114,000-16,000 feet, generally thin enough to allow almost full brilliance of the moon to shine through. One or two thin scattered puff's were reported by the P-9u crew with none reported by Haneda tower. The weather moving in from the southwest was lower broken clouds sufficient to obscure the moon as the clouds moved over Tokyo Bay about 0045/I to 0100/I. Visibility was reported as exceptional with Mount Fuji (60 nautical miles to the west) clearly discernable. Scattered thunderstorms activity was reported in the mountains to the Northwest of the Tokyo area. Temperature recorded at Haneda was 78°, Dew Point 73;. with altimeter setting of 29.861 inches.

5._ the personnel involved were all serious, intelligent, and completely cooper- tive.

& Tower personnel cross-checked an known factors constantly and did not attempt to make any inferences in the sigh!ing. Object is believed to have been re- ported exactly as they saw it.

Ift. Albert] GCI Controller st: the Shiroi site, has had considerable ex- perience under all conditions and thoroughly understands the capabilities of the CZPS-1 radar. His statement was that the object was a bona-fide moving target, though some- what weaker than that normally obtained from a single let fighter.

c itk Jones, P-Q4’; radar operator, has had about seven years experience with airborné radar equipment. He states that the object was a bona-fide target, and that to his knowledge, there was nothing within a area of 15-20 miles tha could give a radar echo.

COMMENTS BY PREPARING OFFICER:

1. The ten minute difference in time between the statement by Lf. Albert, 528th AC 8 W Sq, and that reported by other personnel concerned, is believed to be a typo- graphical error, since the statement agrees on every other portion of the sighting.

2. The map grid coordinates listed on 35th Fighter Interceptor Wing Form 112, IR-1-52, are in error, since the area of contact was as shown in Inclosure #5. Error may have been due to a mis-reading by the original debriefing officer.

3. This is the first sighting in the Far East which combined positive visual and radar contact over an extended period of time. The following items may have some bearing on this sighting:

a: At the night of the incident, there was a full moon. The F-9&U crew reported exceptional visibility and stated that the upper cloud layer did not appreciably affect the briliiancy of the moonlight. Reflections off the water were considered, as
```