There are no photographs on this page.

OCR Text Output:

           4.

                MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes. That is not an unusual
           thing to happen to this sequence at all. Phenomenon has
           passed from one radar to another and with a fair degree of
           certainty that it was the same phenomenon. To say that there
           have been simultaneous sightings, the same thing by different
           radar, I think that we could be quite sure that that has
           occurred simultaneously. Now, when ive talk about down to the
           split second, I don't know, but simultaneously in time suf-
           ficient for us to argue that there’ve been two mechanical
           obseirvatiioris of the same thing.

                THE PRESS: Enough to give you 8 fix so that you can
           be sure that it is right in a certain place?

                MAJOR (3ENERAL SAMFORD: That is most rare.

                THE PRESS: Baa there been any?

                MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Most rare. I don’t recall
           that we have had one that gives us that kind of an effect.

                THE PRESS: Could that be due to ionized clouds?

                MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There are thoughts that
           ionized clouds do have some influence on this. We do know
           that the thunderstorm activity is quite nicely identifiable
           by radar because we use the rarer for the purposes of avoiding
           thunderstorms and we do have some that show the storm area
           that's coming inwards principal stations where protection
           is necessary in terms of high winds and thunderstorms.

                THE PRESS: How mach money would you say the Air
           Force spends a year tracking down these flying saucer reports?

                MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, the energy that's going
           into it at the present time is outside of anything except the
           normal reporting procedures. Most of our reports come from
           individuals or, we might say, I think, on the order of sixty-odd
           per cent comes from the civilian population straight out. I
           think there might be something like eight per cent come from
           civil airlines pilots. You might find that another percentage,
           in the order of twenty-five, might come from military pilots.
           And the effort to further analyze them and profit in going after
           that in a big way is going to have in some way to be related to
           a standard measurement that makes this material for workmen to
           work on.