This page from the Project Blue Book document does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a typed letter describing the author's personal experience observing unidentified aerial objects. The text in the document is as follows:

Dear [REDACTED] (apparently nickname [REDACTED]),

I promised to write you about the flying saucers we say a couple of Sundays ago, so here goes. We were returning from our vacation and were several miles of approaching Tryon, when I happened to look up and saw them. I counted five objects that appeared to be about the size of a basketball and they seemed to be traveling in a formation of five. They suddenly jumped out of my sight in my excitment, and when I regained my composure I looked closely at the pictures (I immediately pulled his Lincoln up on the shoulder of the road and we all got out with the exception of his aunt, a Miss old lady from Mt. Airy who could not get out. be bothered.

When I first observed them they were strung across the western horizon in this fashion:

When I glimpsed them first they were about the size of a conventional automobile tire and were the color of aluminum. I could not observe any forward speed at any time, but I did get the impression that they were traveling in a westerly direction, that is, away from us, and I think this on the fact that they diminished in size, from that of an auto tire to about the size of a tennis ball.

They did, however, show a definite north to south movement at times. At other times one would go straight up like an elevator while another would show a diagonal movement. In speed and visibility, some times several would disappear and at times we could see varying numbers of them at other times we never saw more than eleven and less than three. The color when first seen by me was furnished silver which gradually changed to a burning orange. There was no noise, due no doubt to the great distance, nor were there any vapor trails to be seen.

I tried to view them objectively and attempted to keep a proper sequence in my mind. I expected, while looking at them, they would appear to his wife or for their impressions which in that event would agree with what I was seeing. As you know, our camera bugs. were the time being about 15 to 20 miles distant, so he did not have time to get any pictures of them.

As most know, I have been most skeptical of these things. But I can say now will all sincerity, I am convinced and no amount of rationalizing can shake me this belief. I am convinced I have been something the likes of which I have never seen before.

To corroborate what we saw, I had only to pick up the Charlotte Observer the following morning and there it was.