This page does not contain any photographs. It is a text document with handwritten notes. Here is the text from the document:

```
Page 3

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:

(Name redacted for 5 yr. old daughter)
Duluth, 3, Minn.

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.

Referring further to your various questions by number.

Section A.
#3. Because we could no longer see the trail movement from the west
window in home where we first saw it, my little girl and I walked
hurriedly out of the house (which faces to the south) and watched on the
front lawn until about 700 trees and in distance in the southeast it
was lost to our sight.

Above also would have reference to Section B, #7, 8, &1.

#10. Trail was first seen through window glass and afterward through
open space.

#13. "Did the object look Solid?" It did look solid slightly thinner
at bottom, or the beginning, where there could be seen a very tiny bit
of blue between the white, at which point I also termed also "twisty"
movement of the white was noticed, as per question #5, the
That impressed me was the ... distant edges, and straight
edges of the white trail to the as it comes down from sky and disappeared
into or behind cloud and also as it reappeared when the narrow appear-
ing moment was giving some shadow. In so much as I have seen
airplanes make smoke-writing for advert a woman to buy or at least the
drilling rig that at different not moving and the object stood stinging
beginning near the plant and then ridden could hardly contain myself
The white trail movements seemed to be on the outside this (fading away?)
so that all the line confined to an even width and only faded out at
the extreme end.

Even both white coming down the spread of movement
or some action coming down and going away.
Hid. 5 Coming down trail suggested about 4 inches not over an inch
an a slightest somitastraight line a clothes line not over an inch
decided sway by comparison.
```

The document appears to be a questionnaire response with additional commentary related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The content includes descriptions of how a trail was observed, descriptions of the object's appearance, and the behavior of the phenomenon as witnessed by the respondent and mentioned daughter. Some parts of the text are not completely clear due to the quality of the scan or the handwriting.