There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an unclassified Air Intelligence Information Report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

IR-54-52
PAGE 2 
OF 3

1. The objects (2) sighted appeared to be spherical and orange and giving the impression that they were revolving and in constant changing of positions but they seemed to move in a general direction toward the horizon, at a steady but slow rate, much faster than the other appeared stationary while the smaller at times seemed to fluctuate or vary in brightness and intensity. 

2. The objects were sighted between 1900 and 1930$ and the observation lasted between twenty to thirty minutes. Sundown was at 1854.

3. The observer was a Puerto Rican businessman and lawyer, a man of SALGADO and dependability, whom it is stated was the one taking the field glasses and it is upon his description that the major portion of this report is based. 

4. Mr. -- is 43, an American, ex-Air Force pilot, son-in-law of Mr. ----, and appeared to be a judicent and impressed witness. 

5. Miss ---, a Puerto Rican college student, 20 years of age, also appeared to be a sensible young person, well informed and of entire judgement.

6. The other two witnesses were Mrs. --- and Mrs. ---. The investigation did not have the opportunity of questioning Mrs. ---.

7. It is the opinion of the investigator that all the observers are people of sound judgement and could have been influenced by mass hysteria.

8. The weather conditions at the time of the sightings were described as clear and visibility excellent. Apparently 6 to 7 miles elevation at an average temperature of 65-70 degrees F. Clouds were described as being scattered and the moon was partially obscured by haze giving good enough lighting conditions to obtain a general view.

9. Investigations made on the right following the original sighting according to the observers showed that: NOTHING UNUSUAL WAS FOUND.