The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

SUBJECT: AIRCRAFT (Unclassified)

TO: Commander, Continental Air Division
Headquarters, Sap Transpt Servlae
Att: Intelligence Officer
Kelly Air Force Base, Texas

1. The following report is submitted in compliance with the provisions of paragraph 7, Air Force Letter 200-5, dated 29 April 1952.

2. On 22 February 1952, ai 3:45 PM, PU Damon, an employee of Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation, reported to the Kirtland Air Force Base Intelligence Officer that he had observed five (5) light, disc-shaped objects flying in the vicinity of Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico. The objects were observed for approximately three (3) minutes, moving from east to west at a high rate of speed, and estimated to be about 22,000 feet in altitude. A qualified aerial observer who is a defense-contractor employee was also notified the intelligence and briefing officer, 1/0 Capt.

3. In company with the Assistant Intelligence Officer, 1/LT , the intelligence officer, 1/0 Capt previously mentioned, conducted an investigation.

4. As a result of the investigation, the following facts were obtained: (1) All informants are reliable and have had past experience in observing and reporting aerial phenomena.
 (2) The objects were observed during daylight hours from the ground as well as from a C-47 aircraft at an altitude of 15,500 feet.
 (3) Tha oBgects were elliptical or disc-shaped, grayish in color, and estimated to be about 30 feet in diameter. They moved at a high rate of speed, from east to west, and appeared and disappeared at intervals. (4) No sounds were heard and no trails were observed.
(5) The relative speed of the objects was estimated to be approximately 1,200 miles per hour. This is considerably in excess of the maximum speed capabilities of any known aircraft.
(6) All informants are agreed as to the general description of the objects and the details of the observation.
(7) Weather conditions were clear and the sky was free of clouds.

5. It is the considered opinion of the intelligence officer that the objects observed do not conform to any known type of aerial vehicle, and their characteristics indicate the possibility of extra-terrestrial origin. Further investigation is being conducted, and any additional significant information will be reported.