The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document that describes an incident where 17 "saucers" were reportedly sighted in the sky over the Bronx in New York.

OCR Output:

17 'SAUCERS' SIGHTED 
IN SKY OVER BRONX
BY HARRY SWIRSKY
A "might be just another 'flying saucer' tale. Yet it involves not one but seventeen mysterious objects. The "saucers"—which appeared reddish or- ange in color—were sighted in the sky over the Bronx last Saturday.
Seen by two women and two men, the objects were said to have "scient" through the sky for about 45 min- utes.
"It was so incredible, really. We all kept looking up at them," said Ifcla Acutis, 16, of 2422 Tiebout Ave.
"But it proved far more excit- ing than we might have imag-; ined," the said. "For we counted j 17 in all."
In a hazy speod through the sky the objects—which varied in size from a few inches up to about two feet across—were visible for only a few seconds at a time, Mrs.1 Acutis reported.
"Although they were visible for only a short time, we man- aged to count 17 in all," she said.
Rita's observations were cor- roborated by her neighbor, Mrs. Sylvia Pantelstein, of 2417 Tiebout Ave.
"They were definitely there," Mrs. Pantelstein said. "I was standing in my window and saw them plainly."
"It was most unusual. The sau- cers were sighted," Mrs. Pantelstein added, "and things like that, but this was different—and even a bit thrilling in a way."
Bolting than swooping swiftly, the objects were seen in the sky for a period of 45 minutes by the four witnesses.
The incident has been reported to Air Force officials, and they are said to be investigating.
In New York, 15 persons reported seeing a similar "flying saucer" craft through the downtown area late last Saturday night. Air Force officials were investigating a report of three "bright lights" which streaked over the nation's capital for two suc- cessive nights late last week.
Skeptics have already made a full- fledged attempt to overstate the myster-