There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

HEADQUARTERS
5001-T Commanding General
ALASKAN AIR COMMAND
APO 731, C/O POSTMASTER, SEATTLE, WASHINGTON

SUBJECT: Interrogation of Unidentified Flying Objects   11 December 1952

The following is a transcript of an interrogation made 11 December 1952, at the Northwest Tactical Air Command, Lt Col William Brown, Intelligence Officer, interrogating. Also present were Lt. Colonel C. G. Gilman, Chief of Staff Operations and Training; Major John Anstrom, Wing Intelligence Officer; Captain William J. Henderson, Interrogating Officer.
(Witness: Air Lines.)  (Pilot of a Commercial Air Lines was also present.)

Q. Where were you when this happened?
A. We were half way between Pasco and Ellensburg, Washington, travelling in a North Easterly direction across the mountains. About one minute before this sighting.

Q. How long was this visible?
A. Pilot said for about three or four seconds; I think is was off for it to look up at the pilot's watch and see the elapsed time.

Q. That direction was it going in?
A. It was going in a straight horizontal line toward the left wing.

Q. What color was this?
A. It was a blue, greenish, white.

Q. Was there any chase to it other than the lights?
A. No, we could just see the lights out the sight.

Q. What time did this thing place?
A. It was just about 6:10 or 6:15.

Q. How far away did it appear?
A. We couldn't say for sure - there was nothing to compare it to. The crew said it seemed to be fairly close, but it could not better describe the distance.

Due to Air Lines. I am sorry but I am not able to give any more detailed information about a year and half ago near northwest. The radio called us in and received a report to investigate if we had seen anything. At first I thought the reports were a mistake as it was my first sighting of such an object, but I can verify the facts given and I will say that the object did not resemble any conventional airplane, helicopter or other known type of aerial vehicle that I have ever seen. It was very high speed and the color and its operation was quite different from a normal aircraft. Shortly after reporting the incident and during the ground investigation, we were advised not to discuss the details of the incident with anyone other than the investigating officers.