52-103 - (O-I) Grand Rapids, Michigan, August 1945 between 9, 10-10 p.m.
A flat, circular shaped object observed in northeast moving silently
and very rapidly northwest to southwest. Object had apparent size of a golf ball.
Object was observed to suddenly and abruptly change course from southwest to northeast and appeared to disappear at great speed upwardly and
northeastwardly. Entire observation from a point where the observer had
attention of nearby person could not be directed to object before its
disappearance. Object was observed in clear sky, had bluish-green color.
He had to look around it a great deal but moved very fast. One time
he did not take careful note of this point. Observer states that object
gave impression of very high but relaxed speed. EB: the observer in
this case is well qualified to make observations and reports as observer
was careful and accurate. E-this sighting may well be a meteor.

52-104 - (O-I) Guilford, New York, August, 1941. On clear day except
for horizon clouds between 3 and 4 p.m. a smooth, shiny, aluminum
object with apparent side of aluminum (approximately 50 feet) moved across
and up sky. Although movement appeared to be gradual observer thought
that actually it was rapid. Object appeared to move smoothly and
silently at an angle to float. It was out of point is occupied between
and horizon clouds. The entire observation occurred in brief interval
since observer states that as soon observer called to his son
but by time it was behind a building - by time observer had run around
building it had disappeared. E-appears to be a saucer.

NOTES

One smelly measurer report at Flat Woods, W. Va., ore following up articles
are known to have been published: N.Y. Daily News 9-14-52; Light
Light balls observed by residents and police, Fairplay, W. UP: Wash.
Times Herald, 9-22-52; Wasn. Evening Star, 9-22-52; Wash. Daily News
9-22-52; Wash. Post 9-23-52. Hoard of silver objects observed near New Haven, Conn. UP: Manchester, N.H. dosier 8-25-52.
Objects observed by Ground Observer Corps. East. O, 9 and 11 at Dover
Plains, New York (jet chase claimed). UP: Philadelphia New Worker 9-25-52.

The above notes are made so groups may obtain this material if they so
wish.

(IIIH) A.S. has received the following report on the Florida-account-
ness of burned clothing incident. The local power company states that
at place and time of incident a high voltage line and transformer were
burned out and circuit control relay failed to operate to open circuit.
8: may be explanation of ball of fire, burned clothing and grass.