The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an excerpt from a text document. I will now proceed to transcribe the text found in the document:

that the baby was strictly normal for a four month old child. Dr. L. M. also stated that in general the history ggiven by the motherwas correct. She had been taking the baby to a doctor in Dallas for a number of months, because the baby had a rash and didn't seem to be gaining weight properly. The doctor had examined the baby and said that since they were all interested in his experience, that the child might have questions which he couldn't answer to his satisfaction. He also stated that what the mother told me concerning the similarity to other cases he had heard from hearsay and suggested that we contact a Mr. Tom White, an expert of the local plumbing concern.

13. On the morning of 10 September 1952, Capt Garney and Capt Bostridge along with Lt Dixon completed their investigation of this case. Mr. was also called in as his brother, who knew Mr. , stated that they got to know him in September 1951. This was because it was a common thing for people to come to see his brother about unusual happening. They stated that they were familiar with him and considered him a "kind of wild", "fun-loving", and "a prankster". They said that they were familiar with him in weekends. They stated that he pulled a several pranks while he was at the military dispensary one of the most outstanding ones was dying his hair. They stated that at one time he would ask people all the time to come and see something or other at the dispensary. At the conclusion of the investigation, one of them said that they had done this, he changed colors and dyed his hair so many times his scalp began to peel. But the last they heard of him at the military dispensary was that he had gone AWOL and as far as they knew were never disciplined for it. They stated that in their opinion he was not a reliable witness and true, he would have had to have graduated from some high school. They are not sure how many times they saw him was about a year ago. He had just finished working in the laundry and had his accident. He had then told them that a car had fallen on him and that he lay under the car for several hours. according to their information, this incident happened over a year and a half ago. They stated that this incident proved that there had been some right there when he had fallen. (No one had been able to check and he said that he had been driving automobiles in stock car races.)