The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated November 9, 1952.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
IR-63-52
DIS/Inc, NEAC

1. The following information concerning the sighting of an unidentified object was furnished by the Commanding Officer of McAndrew AFB on the sighting of an unidentified object.

2. At approximately 2150Z, [REDACTED], sighted the object and reported it to the Control Tower. The object was sighted by the station personnel of McAndrew AFB, 47.48N/95.59W. The witness described the object as circular, about 6-8 feet in diameter, and 2-3 feet thick, with a white light on its upper surface. The color of the object was a dull gray.

3. Testimony of 1/Lt [REDACTED]:
"The ooject was sighted off to the right of flight of the object and came from the southwest and made a dip and turn toward the northwest and then departed to the northwest at a high rate of speed. It was estimated the size of the object to be that of a grapefruit. When it made its dip, the light seemed to dim and it momentarily disappeared from view. It then reappeared and resumed its original course and speed. I was unable to estimate attitude, but it appeared to be traveling at a constant altitude. I had to discontinue observation due to the object disappearing from view."

4. Testimony of [REDACTED], (object was sighted on the way to meet an incoming flight):
"I noticed a large brilliant object, approximately the size of a basketball, hovering approximately 500 feet from the southbound runway. It remained stationary for about two minutes and then took off in a southeasterly direction at a very high rate of speed. It appeared to be a solid white object, and the edges seemed to glimmer as if it was revolving or spinning. When it took off, it seemed to glow brighter for an instant, and then in a matter of seconds it turned to the southwest and disappeared in the direction with an undulating motion. The object was sighted at 2135Z."

5. Interview of A/2C [REDACTED], who was at the Flight Line, Argentina Naval Air Station:
"I sighted an object over Placentia Bay, 47.48N/53.59W, while performing ground control. The object hovered about 5 minutes, made one abrupt turn, and then departed to the southwest at a very high rate of speed. The object halted in what appear to be the area of Placenta Peak for about 20 minutes. The object then departed in a southwesterly direction at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from view."

6. Testimony of S/Sgt [REDACTED], AFS to Argentina:
"I observed a shooting star in flight between Copper Lake and Sydney, Nova Scotia, approximately 2200Z. It appeared to make an arc."