The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

Transcription of the text in the document:

January 16, 1952

Observed in a bottle filled with formaldehyde and exhibited in a glass box. They may have been taken from a baled package that had obviously been submitted for many years. Usually nature makes some care of such freaks by killing them off at an early age for one reason or another but apparently they manage to grow to a good size and go on existing, creating some degree of consternation. It has become accepted, particularly, that the Darwinian theory of evolution is not wholly applicable to certain phases of life. They may represent an extremely primitive form, which had actually been in the state of developing for millions of years and which still retains in the adult form, the more complete double reflection of a general hollow to the central nervous system. They have an unexpectedly long head and appear to be characterized by a large mass of white crystalized material of a nature that has not been definitely determined as yet. It is intended that they be subjected to careful analysis for all of the factors involved. However, it is not always possible to apply the accepted reasoning to the types of living organisms encountered in the neighborhood and for some reason, which have never been noted to, the type should not be considered as coming within the established category... substantiate the story. But if I can come up with anything concrete that throws any light on the identification I do not have to speculate for I have a duty to do so. The Fay Island affair is of course a similar case. But you will no doubt recall that of the green, forest-like peculiarities.. do not have to depend such as to what he saw... you may be unable to reconstruct what actually happened across the date. The more critical thing is that, Captain ---------- is precisely the attitude that faces the scientist today, and for that reason it is not possible to condemn him in any way if he cautions that this is something more probable in the direction of the natural, rather than the supernatural, and that the natural laws of science are not necessarily what they seem. That, if any, is on you to prove that the other explanation is permissible. This merely that other critiques have been made in the neighborhood about the same thing as does not prove that the object sighted was the same as what was observed here, which is different and strange.

You refer to a TV program on which I was supposed to appear and did not. I simply that I am afraid to use my other informants and will not. It is only that I cannot reveal the identity of all.

The mere thing, Captain -----------, is to say that I am watching my theories... They are more than theories. They are facts. The reports submitted far back years ago are still being accumlated and still provide strong indication that ATIC files, however, as a physical and as a project in much generation, is a novel officer in charge of numerous missions and radar, and as an expert in many other fields comparable to those found by airlined pilots have been made for many years.