Ltr Hq 50C1st Comp [redacted] Subj: Unidentified Flying
Objects (UFOB RPT)

From the aircraft was not known, definite altitude cannot
be ascertained. After completing approximately 2600' arc
of visibility, the object disappeared abruptly with no trail
or trace. At the time of the observation, the aircraft
was in a heading of approximately 200° magnetic, and the object
traveled in a southwesterly direction.

(a) Observers were [redacted] Captain, and [redacted]
[redacted], Co-pilot of flight N/C, Alaska Air Lines, coming
from Seattle. Both are very experienced, having flown in this
territory for from six to seven years, and are considered
to be extremely reliable. Captain [redacted] has had prior experience
in such sightings, having been an observer in a more
detailed sighting several years ago over Elmendorf Air Force
Base, Alaska, which revived such publicity at the time.
Co-Pilot [redacted], who was standing in the flight deck at the time did not see the object, but noticed
the pilot's and co-pilot's heads turning to watch the object.

(f) Weather was clear, with winds less than 10
knots, variable, and temperature was -10°C.

(g) At the present time, no condition, either met-
eorological or otherwise which might account for the sighting
is known; however, local sources are being checked for this
information and if an affirmative answer is found, this in-
formation will be forwarded in a separate, supplemental report.

(h) No physical evidence is available.

(i) No interception or identification action was
taken other than a rather tardy attempt at electronic sur-
veillance, for the reason that the initial report was not
made until some time after the landing of the aircraft.

(j) Pilot called Ladd Tower immediately after the
sighting and requested information regarding any other air-
craft in the area of the sighting and was given a negative
reply. It is also noted that there were three aircraft in the
vicinity of Ladd making their approaches.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

JOHN E. MEAD
1 Incl: Capt USAF
Transcript of Adjutant
Information

[redacted section at bottom]