The image contains a photograph, which appears to show some kind of unidentified aerial phenomenon or "UFO". The text describes a group of amateur astronomers who observed several objects in the sky over Greenville, South Carolina on the night of May 13, 1952. The objects were described as being brown or orange in color, possibly translucent and flying in a diamond formation. The objects were said to be moving in a zig-zag pattern, at an estimated altitude of 10-15 degrees.

The text in the document is as follows:

File 24-0, sub]: "Unconventional Aircraft sighted in Greenville, S. C."
Date: 13 May 1952

"On the night of May 13, 1952, at approximately 2235 EST, a group of amateur astronomers of which I was one, were preparing to observe the Purnell Gardens in Greenville, South Carolina. As we were setting up our equipment, this group called our attention to what they would say were four objects. These objects were a brilliant brown or orange color, possibly translucent and flying in a diamond formation. Each object was emitting a white glow (10) times the width of each object.

"They were flying about ten (10) to fifteen (15) degrees from directly overhead on a level course heading about 330 degrees. Although their speed was slower than jet aircraft, they were visible for only ten (10) seconds.

"Their flight was oscillating as nature, first five (5) degrees up on one side and at the same time down on the other."

South Carolina, was interviewed by Lt. FALLER and made the following written statement:

"On the night of May 13, 1952, at approximately 2235 EST, a group of amateur astronomers of which I was one, were observing the campus of Greenville Carolina. As we were setting up our equipment, this group called our attention to four (4) objects, self-illuminated, brown-ish or orange in color, which were at about three (3) seconds traveling or a level course slightly above the horizon. These objects were in a diamond formation."

"I was unable to estimate the altitude or speed of these objects. They traveled a distance of about 360 degrees wobbling in flight. Motion was similar to heavy winged birds in flight. It was a clear night, however, this did not pertain to the Purman Campus."

"My way of further description, I would say the objects were similar to the 'hubcaps' of an automobile, appearing perhaps also to be that of a half dollar held at arm's length and slightly turned."