The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which is an Air Intelligence Information Report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: (Observer)
Dec 3, 6004th AISS, APO 970
Weather and Wind Conditions at time of sighting: The weather was very good and visibility was unlimited. Air to air visibility was excellent.
B. The following information concerns the second unidentified flying object encountered:
1. Date of sighting: 26 May 1952
Length of sighting: About 14 seconds
Altitude: Estimated 7,000 feet
Weather: Very clear
2. After the seven passes on the unidentified light the i/o (Bromide) called and told the crew there was an unknown on their tail. They were given instructions to break and climb. They broke and climbed, and looked back to see the unidentified light had disappeared. The aircraft started to cruise at 7,000 yards and approximately 7,000 feet altitude. The aircraft was under complete manual control by the pilot. The time lapse from 7,000 yards to approximately 30,000 yards away and the lock-on was broken. The time taken was about 25 to 30 seconds. The unidentified light was observed to turn in behind the aircraft, climb rapidly and disappear from view behind the aircraft. No actual ascertainable visual observation was made. No exhaust or prop wash was visible from the unidentified light.
3. The Director of Intelligence, Far East Air Forces forwarded a list of specific questions to be answered on the sightings of the unidentified flying objects.
It is indicated this radar set was malfunctioning. The set was working very poorly.
Experience of crew: 1st Lt (pilot) has 25 missions and 280 hours. Previous experience in this theater: He has been on one other unidentified sighting approximately one year ago. The crew normally work as a team and if possible, do not get out of each other's sight.
tor did the operator take his eyes off the scope at any time to co-The opera-2,00o yards increase in range took about 14 seconds. The time was measured by counting radar scopes. The contact was lost and was regained. The unidentified light was in the same approximate position as first observed.
3. Was the pip centered or was it at the edge of scope? The pip was centered and about 10 degrees high at all times until lock-on was broken.
4. Did acceleration appear to be constant or did it vary? The acceleration was constant and did not vary. The unidentified went into a steep climb.
UNCLASSIFIED