[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

Intelligence Section,
3520th Flying Tng Sq, Wichita
Mudd Apt, Wichita, Kansas

IR-59-52          2          2

Description of Object: Color white - round globular appearing object. Diameter approximately 30 feet. Object hovered for about a period of 10 to 15 seconds. Suddenly object moved across the sky at a fairly fast rate of speed in a south-westerly direction. It stopped suddenly, hovered for a moment, then went thru a series of maneuvers, gained altitude, flashed around and then drew back into its original point where first sighted. No noise, trails, or exhaust were apparent to the observer. Impression of speed 400 miles per hour or faster. Altitude 500 feet, distance no three miles.

Time of Sighting: Object sighted at 1610. Entire observation took about 30 to 40 seconds.

Manner of Observation: Visually from the ground. No optical or electronic equipment used.

Location of Observer: The observers were located at 37°13'3" - 97°16'4". Altitude of object approximately 500 feet, distance 2 to 3 miles and headed in a southwesterly direction.

Identifying Information of Observer: One of the observers is associated with the Beech Aircraft Corporation, in the training Department. The second observer is the Bell Aircraft Corporation's Resident Representative at the Boeing Airplane Company, Wichita, Kansas.

Atmospheric Conditions: Sky clear, no cloud formations, wind velocity 25 miles per hour from southwest (observer checked this by car radio which was close at hand)

Meteorological Conditions: None

Evidence of Physical Evidence: None

Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

Location of Air Traffic in General Area: Two T-33 aircraft were noted by the observers, one flying north, and another some distance away in the northern part of the sky, but neither near the object.

This report was not sent by electrical means since too much time had elapsed between the sighting and the receipt of the report by this office.

COMMENTS of Preparing Officer:

The local Weather Bureau reported at 1612 that cloud cover was scattered with tops at 18,000 feet, wind 350 at 24 knots with gusts to 29 knots, altimeter 0777, temperature 91°, dew point 70. Both observers are employed in the aircraft industry. It seems probable that they did see some airborne object which behaved erratically, but which could have been a T-33 practicing aerobatics, although it is the opinion of both observers that the maneuvers were much too abrupt for a T-33.

87807

[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]