The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. As an OCR system, I will now output the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
ROSE VILLE, MICHIGAN
PHONE: 77-8-th DEFENSE WING
SELFRIDGE AFB, MICHIGAN
DATE: 29 April 1952
SUBJECT: Unidentified aerial objects
1. On 29 April 1952, at 0900 hours, Mr. Roland J. Miller, of 23250 Walnut Street, Roseville, Michigan, called the undersigned and reported that he had observed an unusual object in the sky. 
2. On 29 April 1952, at 1600 hours, as I was in the backyard of my home, I observed an unusual aerial object. I was engaged in pitching horseshoes, and occasionally would look up at the sky. At 1605, I observed a strange object in the sky traveling in a southerly direction. The object was described as being circular in shape, shiny in appearance, and appeared to be about thirty feet in diameter. It had a pronounced glow surrounding it, and the glow seemed to intensify as the object moved. The object was observed for approximately two minutes, and it appeared to be at an altitude of about 500 to 1000 feet. It seemed to develop speed and then to slow down. At times it appeared to become obscured by clouds, and then it would reappear. It seemed to be under intelligent control. The object made no sound, and there was no vapor trail. The sky was clear, and visibility was excellent. There was no aircraft observed in the vicinity. Two other men, who were in the area, also observed the object at the same time. 
3. During the observation of these three objects, another object was observed. It was a silver, cigar-shaped object traveling at a tremendous speed to the north-northwest. This object was observed for only a few seconds, as it disappeared from view. It traveled horizontally at a great altitude and speed.
4. There was no noise heard. The objects were all above jet aircraft observed flying in the area. The observed objects did not conform to any known type of aircraft. Due to the fact that the objects maneuvered and traveled at great speeds, no photographs were taken. The sky was cloudless.
5. The undersigned has evaluated this information in view of the fact that the undersigned does not know the reliability or probability of the information.
/s/ Addison C. Brown
Captain, USAF
Air Defense Officer
8th Defense Wing