There does not appear to be any photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

1. Intelligence Officer: 22778th ACAU, APO 929 
2. Date: 19-6-52
3. Place: 

Description of Obj ect: A far away star-like light that changed color from blue-green to reddish-yellow and then back to blue-green. The object was observed at intervals of approximately 2-3 minutes. Altitude - object was approximately 40,000 feet and appeared to be stationary or moving very slowly. Size - object appeared to be about the size of a small passenger plane and was estimated to be about 25 miles distant. 

Course of actions The object remained visible for approximately 10 minutes. Then it went out of sight and was not observed again. 

4. Time of Sighting: The object was sighted at 18:50/I and remained in view at intervals until 18:59/I. Total time of sighting was 25 minutes. 

5. Manner of Observation: Was visual (binocular 7 x 50) by duty airman. 

Identifying Information: The reliability of the observer is considered good. He is a trained observer and has had prior experience in making observations of this nature.

Evaluation: As reported, D/F. could not be obtained, as the object made no sound and left no exhaust or sound from the object. 

The only identifying information that could be obtained was the visibility of the object and its location relative to the observer's position. No other identifying details are known.

Cloud Conditions: As reported, winds at approximately 20 to 30 miles and scattered clouds.

Other Activity: No other activity that might account for sighting.

9. Conclusion or Evaluation: Attempted, negative results.

10. Air Traffic: Two F-94's attempted intercept.

Remarks: Information in this report indicates: object was considered unidentified; was not man-made aircraft. It appears to have been a natural phenomenon, possibly a star or planet, which was unusually visible due to atmospheric conditions. The failure of the two F-94's to intercept the object may indicate the object was at a very high altitude.