The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting the sighting of unidentified objects.

Text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPUTY CHIEF OP STAFF, INTELLIGENCE
HEADQUARTERS TACTICAL AIR COMMAND
Langley Air Force Base
Virginia

TCSD:
SUBJECTS: Unidentified Objects

TO: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters USAF
Washington 25, D. C.

1. This office submitted a report (copy attached as inclosure) dated 23 February 1952, concerning a sighting of an unidentified objects, reported by two officers of this command.

2. Subsequently, this Headquarters received an ATIC report (Project BLUE BOOK, Report No. 5) dated 31 March 1952, which made reference to the above report (references BLUE 5 item 5) with the following comments:

"description similar to meteor"

3. It is the opinion of this office that the conclusions arrived at are in error. Subsequent conversations with Major Gedeon reveal the following:

a. That he has observed meteors and in this instance the course of the object appeared to be a straight line and did not have the characteristic orbit of a meteor.

b. Although it was impossible to estimate the speed of the object, inasmuch as the first distance estimate of the object cast of their course was a matter of conjecture, the duration of the sighting, approximately one minute, would tend to correlate approximate high altitudes with this observed object.

c. Major Gedeon stated that the object displayed an experimental type high intensity rotational aircraft marker, which it is understood could air ballistics experimenting with in lieu of the conventional "flasher" warning lights. Major Gedeon had not observed this type of warning light possibly could account for what Major Gedeon had witnessed. Again, the duration of sighting would tend to argue against this possibility, unless it were being tested on a jet type aircraft.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED