I am aware that you are on errores in many fields of parallax, and I do not at all disquiet your ability, nor do I have that you must submit things quite a bit length with some of your explanations. The original observer has had the distinct advantage of being there and looking at the object with his own eyes, as an expert in certain sciences, that leaves you in the lesser position of being a "Monday morning quarterback".

The burden of proof is on you, Doctor Menzel, if you care to disprove, and how many times have you "overwhelmed" anyone as you any, with irrefutable evidence that a missing was a balloon without any reflections, gun-dogs, mirages or hot air layers over the rangement?

In my records, I note that book reviewer [redacted] of the Buffalo Evening News, 2/9/53, gave of your book, "[redacted]"

Published in a national magazine, during an interview, Major [redacted] said about your book, "[redacted] [redacted] or all [redacted]"

An Air Force major, in briefing a Navarro Air Officer from [redacted] said of your book, "[redacted]"

My records show that a project Bluebook spokesman, when questioned about your Coronado, things explanations were known to the project and seriously considered, ever before Menzel published his "explanations". They strain only a small barren of the situation. "...and the request of A.T.I.C., prominent scientists analyzed Menzel's claims. Some of them accepted his answers."

A.T.I.C. said about one of your explanations:- "The electro-static or mirage visual wings of meteorological phenomena is out of the question as the radar on his low beam and both would not occur simultaneously in the same place."

In your long explanation of how you interpret that which someone also saw, thank you for comparing us all to six year old boys while allowing yourself the luxury of attaining your own imagination facts on sightings. It'd reveal, through your pen, a number of distaste for those of us who are not scientists. The word "scientists" could stand some definition, too.

Regarding your credulity, suppose, just before the fairly recent ascents of the Weightlifth Air Force, a man of intelligence attended to you a trip to Berlin and told you that on his admission, but that the natives who caught it were hungry and ate it, and as couldn't get it from their enemies they had big ovens. I doubt that you would even have considered the man's story from Plan long thought to be serious.

Regarding the television sighting on which you did not appear, I was contacted in Miami by Frank Edwards and asked to appear, with Major Keyhoe, opposite you and Willy Ley. When I arrived in Washington Frank Edwards advised me that you had declined not to take part.