[stamp: FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY]

INSTANT SIX unconventional aircraft in original formation - two additional unconventional aircraft joined original flight in echelon formation in 2 flights of 3 or 4 formation of 5, with the first 3 stacked up as it they were accelerating upward. Entire flight appeared to fly like a group of fighters.

Appearance/Markings: disc observed on turn, appeared very thin in depths. No exhaust, flame, or visible observer.

Propulsion system: Objects appeared to have no visible, accelerated mid-load changed heading instantaneously. Radio operation of UFO stations instantaneously and no sign of trailing observable. Original of complete course on turn from objects in an x-ray proportion to rate of acceleration. Also, side of flow controlled direction and speed of aircraft.

Speed: Estimated at approximately 1,000 plus miles per hour.

Sound: Non-discernible over 4 engines of B-47.

Maneuvers: Original sighting true heading 12 degrees. Formation flew slightly under 0-47, unconventional aircraft formation, rolled 90 degrees to vertical position. Reported. Instantly changed direction by 210 degrees with true heading 270 degrees, climbing when disappear.

Method of disappearance: Brilliant flow on objects, disappeared in sequence order. Initially not eliminated by cloud formation or distance.

Time: 0212 hours (ESR), 14 July 1952.

Length of Observation: Approximately 15 seconds.

Position: 24 miles from Norfolk, Virginia, and Compass true North of First sighting Norfolk, Virginia, during initial civil gas Newport News on right.

Source of Observation: Visual from air in B-47, on heading approximately 200 pilotage per hour. Altitude: Attitude of unconventional aircraft, 2,000 below critical objects apparently 10 miles oil, utilized a sition mark "X" computer to determine direction of objects and pencil to estimate diameter. Also, on PPI compass was utilized to determine direction of UFO.

Location of Observer During sight: 5,000 foot - 200 b-cross elements, approximately 15 miles of Norfolk, Virginia.

[stamp and redactions at bottom]