The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a "Statement of Witness" document dated May 14, 1952 from George Air Force Base in California.

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS
3546TH FIGHTER-BOMBER WING
George Air Force Base
Victorville, California

IDPC:
14 May 1952

Statement of Witness

I do make the following statement concerning certain unidentified objects observed by me on 11 May 1952:

1. One of the 3 objects that I observed resembled a paper plate in shape and appearance and was of a flat white color. The other 2 were high-speed objects luminous and of a size similar to the first one. One of the smaller objects was not continually visible but appeared to be momentarily lost to sight and then would reappear. The 3 objects were moving in a circular orbit and were occasionally obscured by light cumulus clouds. The objects remaining visible appeared to be in a holding pattern for a few minutes and then the larger one turned to the south and the 2 smaller objects again darted to the north and then returned to the orbit of the larger object until the record observation.

2. I made the two observations at 1229 and 1236. The first observation lasted 1 minute and the second one lasted 1 minute.

3. I observed the objects from the ground with the naked eye.

4. At the start the objects were located in the east and slowly drifted to the west where they appeared to be disappearing when the observation ended. The location over which I observed the objects was approximately 5 miles west of this base. The direction of sighting was from southeast to northwest. When I first sighted it I immediately called for others to observe and they hastened with me to the location. After executing a 90 degree turn to the right, its altitude was estimated at 10,000 to 15,000 feet. The estimated speed was 600-700 mph. The objects appeared to be rotating as they flew, and they were generally 33,000 and 44,000 feet high.

5. I have a pilot school education as a flying instructor.

6. Weather was clear, with good visibility and little wind in the vicinity. 

7. No special activity or condition which might account for the sighting.

8. No physical evidence of the observation was apparent.

9. No interception or identification action taken at the time.

10. No aircraft in the vicinity at the time of observation.