The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document detailing an "Unclassified" sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) that occurred on 12 Nov 52 in Bethesda, Maryland.

The text found in the document is as follows:

WINCC
(Unclassified) Sighting of Unidentified Flying
Object, Bethesda, Md., 12 Nov 52
Date of the Air Force
Hq USAF - ATOIN
(Taj Fournet/dbr/71379

1. The inclosed documents relate to the sighting of one or more unidentified flying objects by civilian inhabitants of Bethesda, Md. on 12 Nov 1952. Incl 1 is a complete report; incl 2 is a map of the DC area with the locations of the National Institutes of Health, building 7-38, from which the observation was made; and incl 3 is a map of the DC area with the locations of the National Institutes of Health, building 7-38 the one from which the observation was made, and building 7, the location of the Air Force office, both of which is reported on the same floor.

2. An article which appeared in the article the following day is attached as incl 4. In this article, the press mentioned details that had been furnished.
Upon inquiring, it was determined that an Army doctor from Walter Reed Hospital, named Dr. Wolman, examined the evidence (see articles on incl 2) and stated that a USAF helicopter had delivered a patient to the hospital at that time from a southerly direction (Aincl 12). A check was made again, building inspections, directions, etc., and 1 is marked to be dsg 7, (see incl 1) which bldg 7 is the Air Force bldg.
Additionally, at one time two objects were seen simultaneously (only one helicopter).

3. A number of inquiries were made of people in the vicinity of Wheaton. Only one citizen claimed to have seen anything which could have accounted for the sighting. This was a foreman of a road repair crew and stated that he had seen a group of from 10 to 15 brown birds or bats or unidentified 1000 hours on 12 Nov. Nothing else of any significance was developed.

WILLIAM ADAMS
1. Description of Sighting.
2. Drawing w/overlays
3. Map of Bethesda Area
4. Plan of Bldg & Grounds = NIH
5. Justification of findings 
6. "--"
7. "--" 
8. "--"
9. "--"
10. "--"
11. Questionaire of Mrs --
12. "--" Dr. --
13. 13 Nov 52 Times Herald page article - Unidentified sighting

COORDINATION: APOIN-232 ____. APOIN-23 _____.