The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:
1. This investigation was initiated by the telephonic request of a Special Agent of the FBI, NORFOLK, VA, on 10 February 1952. The investigation was conducted pursuant to a request that a report be made on an unidentified flying object sighting over Virginia.

AT: NORFOLK, VIRGINIA
2. On 10 February 1952, inquiry at the Weather Bureau Station at Norfolk, Virginia, disclosed that the only person who reported an unidentified flying object to the Weather Bureau was Mr. [redacted], Norfolk, Virginia. The Weather Bureau personnel advised that the sighting was an unidentified aerial object and had been investigated by the U.S. Coast Guard at Norfolk on 10 February 1952.

On 27 February 1952, interview with Lt. PAUL PARMENTER of the U.S. Coast Guard, revealed that their office had received a call from the Weather Bureau at Langley AFB that a "jet aircraft" had executed an emergency landing at Langleyville, Va. and reported all available Air Force personnel. A helicopter was dispatched and a search made of the swamp area. A fire was seen in the swamp, but nothing of significance was found. Preliminary reports from Air Search negative. Helicopter landed and interviewed the Langleyville resident, Mr. [redacted], who reported seeing a bright flash and hearing a loud noise. No identification of an actual aircraft was made.

1800 hours - Norfolk CAA reported that a pilot of Eastern Air Lines flight 602 reported sighting a bright flash south of Cape Charles on the Virginia Coastline and noticing a bright flash near the ground. This was about 00:30Z. The pilot stated the sighting was "some kind of flash" and continued until it disappeared at a point off his left wing. No mention made in the case of the flame.

Pilot stated the sighting was "some kind of flash" and continued until it disappeared at a point off his left wing. No mention made in the case of the flame.

1500 hours - Norfolk and Richmond Passenger Reported a disturbance of high speed of Norfolk Terminal at 1300 hours.

1515 - [redacted] at Norfolk Weather Bureau reports a deviation on his barograph at 1105 hours and a passenger surge on the barograph at 1145 hours.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED