The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

Regarding the text:

Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.

My answer to 20.1
Since July 17, I have been trying to determine how high these two circles were, just before they vanished and appeared at their largest size. And I found that they appeared to be somewhat larger than one clear day I have observed. The bomber would look no larger than one of those circles. This thing seemed so small to me. I can show on paper the size of the figure - a diameter of a similar measurement. This proves to me that what I saw cannot be a bomber - this figure is only way I can answer this question. The ring spread about one half inch.

My answer to 20.2
The following is the only answer I can give as to how far it was away from me. When I first saw these objects, I would say they were to more than a quarter of an inch in diameter. At that time, I thought at first these pillars like disks were approaching as a bomber. But they immediately darted away from me so rapidly that I don't believe propellers would be discernible at that great distance, as in days to come may seem gradually approaching. It was so smooth and so much softer somehow. Upon seeing the sky nothing could be seen, so clear day. I couldn't understand why none were visible and so traveling and so smooth, it showed me two singles were identical. They were identical in shape, constantly in an upright position and were an even whirling and couldn't help but attribute the haze I was seeing to the whirling appearance reminded me of the nickel plated blades revolving in an electric fan. The things seemed to disappear all of a sudden. When this twin object disappeared at its largest size, it was an angular framework behind them of a few only the top bar and the left hand corner, which made me conclude the visible part had been traveling all the time.