There is no photograph present in the provided image.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
IR-5-52

127th Pilot Training Wing
Luke AFB, Phoenix, Arizona

UNCLASSIFIED

Lt. Duane K. Lillie, AF 776573, Assistant Base Operations Officer, was con-
tacted by telephone by Mrs.                 , Phoenix, Arizona
(phone)                 , on 2 July 1952. Mrs.                 reported sichting an unidentified
flying object. Previous efforts to contact subject were unsuccessful.

A follow-up investigation by this officer produced the following information:

1. Sighted object was "ball of fire" shaped like a "flattened out grapefruit"
with a platinum cutting across its diameter. Object appeared 7 to 8 inches in dia-
meter to naked eye. Color was "like the yellow flame of a candle." A trail of flame
extended six to eight feet astern. Trail was broad as the object itself at the base,
tapering narrower and thinning down astern. Speed seemed "a little faster than search-
lights (reflected) on clouds." Object flew in shallow are and disappeared when a
house obstructed vision.

2. Object was sighted at about 0420 hours on 2 July 1952 for 3 to 4 minutes
including observation of burning trail after object had disappeared.

3. Observation was made visually from the ground.

4. Subject viewed phenomenon from front walk of residence at                
 Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona. Object was observed in flight through 90° of compass,
appearing first northwest and disappearing southwest. Various angles of elevation
from the horizon are as follows:
        Northwest        -   30°
        West             -   40°
        Southwest        - 50° to 15°

Distance of object estimated at 7 to 10 miles.

5. Subject volunteered information that she is far-sighted, has lived near many
air bases, frequently scans the sky and she likes to know what is passing overhead.
Subject's husband, Colonel                   USAF, Ordnance, had planned a trip with his
wife. She had set her "mental alarm clock" to get up early. She went outside for air
because she had had trouble sleeping.

6. Weather conditions at the time of the sighting were reported as follows:
                                            2 July 1952
Hour                Ceiling                   Visibility                     Wind
0330                 Clear                   15 + miles             4 knots north
0420                 Clear                   15 + miles             4 knots north
0530          25000 feet                     60 miles                         calm
             very light
             scattered
             overcast

7. No meteorological phenomenon reported.

8. None.

9. A search of areas indicated on enclosed overlay has been requested of base
Operations. presume from angle of flight that object contacted ground. Object of
search is a scorch or burn mark on ground. No observations reported yet.

10. No military or commercial air traffic was in vicinity at time of sighting.
```