The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text extracted from the document:

Maj. D. E. --- USMC  Ret.
Page 2. Data for Air Force to accompany 8 mm film of unidentified aerial objects, taken near Landrum, S.C., Nov. 16, 1952.

Dear --- (apparently nickname for ---) 

I promised to write you about the flying saucers we saw a couple of Sundays ago. We saw two discs going down around Spartanburg area and were traveling in a northerly direction, that is toward Tryon, when I happened to look out of the car window in a westerly direction and then I saw them. I almost jumped out of my skin in my excitement, and N--- (who took the pictures) immediately pulled his Lincoln up on the shoulder of the road and we all got out with the exception of his aunt, a blase old lady from N.Y. who just couldn't be bothered.

When I first observed them they were strung across the western horizon in this fashion:

When I glimpsed them first they were about the size of a conventional automobile tire and were the color of aluminum. I could not observe any forward speed at any time, but I did get the impression that they were traveling in a westerly direction, that is, away from us, and I have this on the fact that they diminished in size, from that of an auto tire to about the size of a tennis ball.

They did, however, show a definite south movement at times. At other times one would go straight up like an elevator while another would show a side to side movement. This and down movement was quite marked both in speed and visibility. Some times several would disappear and at times we could see varying numbers of them although we never saw more than eleven and never less than three. The color when first seen by me was a burnished silver which gradually changed to a burning orange. There was no noise, due no doubt to the great distance, nor were there any vapor trails to be seen.

I tried to view them objectively and attempted to keep a proper sequence in my mind. I repeatedly, while looking at them, would ask S---(apparently Mrs. S) for their impressions which in each event would agree with what I was seeing. As you know, she and I are camera bugs and attempted to take movies of them. As the light was fast fading, the time being about 5:15, I do hope they come out good and if he has any luck will send them on to you. You can get some camera store to run them off for you.

As you know, I have been most skeptical of these things. But I can say now with all sincerity, I am convinced and no amount of rationalizing can make me think otherwise, as I am convinced I have seen something the likes of which I have never seen before.

To corroborate what we saw, I had only to pick up the Charlotte Observer...