The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

"IR-290-52

Aerial Intelligence
March Air Force, California

1. Description of Object: The (1) or two (2) relatively short confirmations, or
trails of burning material, apparently hovering from a limited stationary and rising again at intervals, were observed on 7 September 1952, from about 2030 to 2130 hours PWT, by five or six persons near Fresno, California. The object or objects, at times completely stationary, moved slowly or not at all, and no trail was apparent during stationary phases. The object at times could not be seen distinctly and the trails appearing to extend out from it seemed to be nearly circular in shape. The color was a dull reddish-yellow at first, but becoming reddish-later.

a. 'Also, but shining, yellow at first, but becoming reddish-later.'
b. 'The brilliance or a brilliantly lighted half moon.'
c. 'Pronounced, or rotates, like the sun when you look at it at sunset.'
d. 'Not so mysterious but sort of light brown.'

Objects (or object) was in sight for approximately 1 hour. It was first observed at approximately 2030 hours and last seen at approximately 2130 hours. The 2 (two) objects were at times observed separately but were at others simultaneously. More than once an object (or objects) would seem to divide into two or more parts. At other times two objects came together, approached each other, and then appeared to fuse into a single object. The speed of movement was difficult to estimate but appeared to be relatively slow, sometimes appearing to be stationary, at others moving approximately 10 to 15 degrees per minute. No sound was reported. The object or objects appeared to be at an estimated altitude of 5,000 to 10,000 feet.

2. Data: The most detailed account of this observation covered the period of
2008 hours to 2130 hours (approximately 1 hour and 12 minutes), 1952, and was reported as follows:

All of the observers at the observation point were reportedly normal and healthy individuals of the 'Fresno Weather Bureau' who had tracked objects with their instruments. However, from their observations, it was determined that no tracks or trails were recorded on their instruments. The visual observations did observe trails, but only visually. And from his residence during observation period, the base commander of the nearby Air Force base could not observe anything unusual in the sky."