DETACHMENT #1
4672ND GROUND OBSERVER SQUADRON
114 Main Avenue West
Bismarck, North Dakota

UNCLASSIFIED                31 July 1952

STATEMENT

I was called from my Hotel room early Wednesday morning, 30 July (Approximately Central Standard Time 0035) by Lt. Albright. He stated that he was interviewing a man who not only had seen a flying object take off but had examined it on the ground. He asked that I join him at the Filter Center to hear the man's fantastic tale. When I arrived at the Filter Center the man immediately engaged me in conversation. While being noncommittal in my replies I made the following observations.

Mr. [redacted] is a man of middle age, of medium height, dark brown hair and had a deep suntanned complexion. He was more earnest than excited in his conversation and spoke with a slight German accent. He answered in German when I queried him in that language. He said that he had recently left a good job in California to get away from his wife and did not want her to know where he was now. He was cautioned regarding the penalty of falsifying on official statements. He didn't display fear in his respect and stated that he had no reason for telling anything but the truth, that he did not expect anything out of it, and only wanted to get the subject off of his mind and to the proper authorities. Observed that his left index finger was missing and that the hearing of his left ear was impaired by a fire cracker explosion.

I followed through on the interrogation made by Lt. Albright and the Operations Officer of the 138th AO & J Squadron who gathered the information by phone for the telegraph report of this nature required by regulations. I was impressed through out the period with his memory and detailed description of the object. He never wavered or changed his story on any part of the subject. The following items did weaken my belief in his story:

a.    The fact that he had waited a week before disclosing the story.

b.    Why would he mention that he had a camera in his car and not think to use it?

c.    The loss of the stamp that he thought came from the crew's cigarette package.

d.    His story about his wife and his reluctance for any publicity.

[handwritten: ????ASSIFIED]

CADF. 4698-52