ATLANTIC COURIER - CASABLANCA, JULY 12, 1952

July 12, 1952

Flying Saucers in Casablanca

"Flying saucers have been" When we first saw them, they
seen in the Casablanca sky, and were about one o'clock and moved
there flights have also why across the sky with great speed.
witnessed by several people in- They seemed to be flying at a
cluding the Head Manager, the constant speed. We lost sight of
U.S. representative here. them as they came into the illumina-

Her following is a statement ted arms of the moon.
written by Bud Knowry:

Had one or two people even then
The conversation was general and called have been considered an optical illusion, but when as many as
we all crowded the cool, cola- nine people saw them, it could not
nade roof of the Rey Club's roof be considered as such. We knew
that an airplane? that they could not have been the
lights of an aircraft as most con-
With that, Ed Lewis (Bunny's ceived and private aircraft have
backward U.S.G. Gldn, Mrs. M. Knadl- blinking light. These objects were
her, busband and daughter, Harry completely illuminated with a great
Handrock and family and Martha and type glow. Also about eight or
possibly another, or two, began nine of them, which would also
traversing the sky. It was a formation have been traveling rather slowly
of what looked like four ghostly shapes. compared to that of aircraft.

The Formation appeared to be the Most everyone had a different
"cigar type" used in military air ma- version of what the shape of the
neuvers with our "flying" in the lead objects were. Some of them thought
and one on either side and one be- they looked like pillows, others
hind." thought they looked diamond shaped

and still others thought they looked
like "Flying Saucers."

---

ATLANTIC COURIER - CASABLANCA, FRENCH MOROCCO    JULY 21, 1952

July 21, 1952                                      Atlantic Courier - Casablanca

FLYING SAUCERS IN MOROCCO (2)

Cigars and Luminous Locomotives !

By Dimitri DIMANCESCO   vious that the observers have been horizontal line, half-way below of the
taken by surprise and that they were Atlas mountains visible. We saw an
In the last few weeks, brief re- prepared to record accurately elongated bright looking like a luminous white neon light of higher intensity,
ports have been published by se- what they saw. having behind it two or three smaller
Press giving accounts of the observa- The spokesman of the large group lights, and a kind of after-glow. It glided smooth-
tions made by reliable witnesses who which witnessed Incident No. 2 from ly without sound, at a speed probably
have seen flying luminous objects. the Oukaimeden region in the Atlas twice as fast as that of a jet plane.
The most recent reports have co- mountains gave the following de-
vered two incidents which may be tails: "a large ball the size of a full-
added to the list of those recorded moon, coming rapidly from north-east A Casablanca telephone operator
by LIFE®. and heading in a south-westerly made a report on the same evening of a
direction. It hovered a horizontal line, flying object observed by her as an
Incident No. 1 — was witnessed from the half-way below an altitude of illuminated cigar. Monsieur Perrin of
terrace of the American Key Club in about 1,000 m, the lower part of the the Chicaueta Water Service thought
Casablanca by Mr. Bud Knowry, the carriage inclined as a luminous loco- that the object had a decorative
T.W.A. representative in Morocco, motive, the upper part appeared shape and that it was offered et
Mr. and Mrs. Ed Lewis, Mr. Lewis and ranged from red to blow-torch greens, the ball of fire. The Settat ob-
Miss Noel, Mr. and Mrs. Haz- according to their whispers, while was server brought a different opinion,
trock and Miss Giddin, Mr. Knadler a high Marrakech pilot the flying to have seen two different flying ob-
Detailed report was published in a straits disappeared behind the crest jects of a yellowish color which
Help this issue of the Atlantic Cou- of the Okka hill. passed at an altitude estimated to be
rier." 300 m. Its second lit in the shape of a
luminous disk, left behind a phos-

Different Versions phorescent trail.

(We note that those nine Amer- Forty Witnesses
ican observers had a different ver-
After-Dinner Phenomenon
sion of what the shape of the objects Forty other people, amongst them
were. Some of them—stated Mr. tourists were in front of
Knower—thought they looked like the hotel when they saw in a clear This Settat report confirms the
pillows, others thought they looked sky, also in the Atlas mountains, on observations made by the Pierces and
diamond shaped, and still others the evening from 9 to T.M. 13th. ourselves in Marrakech at before our
thought they looked like "Flying Amongst them were Monsieur The- dinner we saw the same luminous
Saucers." They all agreed that the venin a former French pilot, and or four-part luminous object, and
objects were flying in formation Monsieur Gemmel the Portuguese after dinner we saw the disappear-
with one in the lead, one on either Consul in Marrakech. This group saw ance of a second one. The first
side and one trailing. ) the fireball as one object, and not started from East to West and the

Incident No. 2 — was seen between 9 and divided into three components. second from North-East to South-
10 p.m. on July 13th and was wit- West.
nessed by a large number of people The Settat observers—three Though all these reports covering
who sent in reports from Marrakech, members of the Aero Club of Moroc- what would ordinarily appear to be
Oukasmeden, Ouirsane, Chichaous, co—thought that this entragée look- isolated incidents, No. 2, gave somehow con-
Louis Gentil, Settat, Casablanca, ed like a huge having a large lumi- flicting versions of the shapes,
Bouznika, Skiriat, and Ain-Sefra near nous head of greenish yellow color color of the flying device, it seems
Oraa. resembling the exhaust of a jet plane. reasonable to assume that it was the

It left behind a trail of luminous same object which eventually passed
Not Prepared particles looking like sparks. The line twice over the Marrakech-Settat area.

Like in the case of Incident No. 1., of light was horizontal, and about
the flying object has been described 500 ft. above the ground. As seen by us, it had all the ear-
as having various shapes, it is ob- marks of a modern device under
[illegible] expert remote control. It had nothing
Blue-White Neon Light terrifying to expect. Or the exec-
utive could report that there was
This sighting corresponds to the beauty and gracefulness in
one made in Marrakech by Mr. and motion. It did not
Mrs. Julia Pierce, and ourselves look to us like a coming from the
from the garden of the Piscine troi- moon.
(to be continued).
tant. We made our observation
at about 9 p.m. The object was trav-
eling from East to West, in a perfect i