The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

Text extracted from the document:

CASE 11
15 July 1952

A red type piloted by 2 airline pilots, was approaching Norfolk, Virginia, about 30-35 miles out on the US 17 leg of the range, at 8,000' when 6 unidentified objects were first sighted approaching eye on a heading of about 60 deg at approximately 7,000'.

The objects were observed to make a right turn of 90 deg at a distance of 1 to 1 1/2 miles, b-lina at a speed of 1.5 to 2 miles a minute, markedly faster than the airline pilot's ship. After the objects had made this turn they continued on a heading of 270 deg, rolling back to a flat position. This change of direction was made with the suddenness of a bullet as flashing out past a stone wall after the first change of direction two more of the objects appeared from behind and to the right of the DC-4 and joined formation. The objects were estimated to be over 1,000 mph. When first seen, they were closing on the top side with an intense amber-colored light, and resembling a glowing red hot coal. Their diameter was approximately 100' (estimated) and they appeared to be perfectly circular. They approached the DC-4 in a narrow echelon formation, almost in trail, and appeared to accelerate just before changing direction. With the acceleration, a blinding of their intense glow was noted, and immediately after this change, the glow disappeared entirely. They reappeared at a distance, glowing brilliantly again, and began climbing on a heading of 270 deg. Their glow was extinguished again, this time in sequence rather than simultaneously, and they were lost from view.

ATIC Comments: Pilots jet n/s were in the vicinity of Langley AFB at the time of observation. After various checks with operations, it was determined at the time that no other aircraft were in the area. Other checks for known aircraft prove negative. Sighting occurred at 2012 EDT on 15 July 1952 for a period of 15 seconds.

Conclusion: Unknown.