The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

AIR ATTACH, AUSTRALIA
UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT

The following report of an unidentified object is based on an interview with Wing Commander TODKILL who sighted the object over Terrigal, New South Wales, Australia on 20th January, 1953.

1. As approximately 2000 on the 20th January, 1953, Wing Commander TODKILL was on a lookout near the coast at Terrigal, New South Wales. 

2. He observed to eastward over and beyond a low woodland an extremely bright and luminous object which hung motionless for a period of approximately 30 seconds. 

3. The object then moved rapidly in a general northerly direction for about 10 miles and then immediately disappeared. This latter movement took approximately 20-30 seconds.

4. Throughout these movements, the object appeared to remain at a constant height.

5. The brilliance of the object was described as comparable to that of a welded arc.

6. Weather conditions at the time were clear with a maximum visibility.

7. Wing Commander TODKILL has been a member of the R.A.A.F. since 1939. He is a technical officer and well acquainted with aircraft and equipment both past and present.

8. SENIOR WING COMMANDER TODKILL is of the opinion that the object was a large meteorite or considerate distance. His evidence is as follows:

a. The observed path of the object, which was across the sky in a general northerly direction, could be reconciled with a meteor-like object.

b. The extreme brilliance of the object, which was comparable to that of a welding arc, coupled with its rapid movement through the sky, is consistent with the passage of a large meteorite.

c. The fact that the object remained at an apparently constant height throughout its flight tends to support the view that it was not an aircraft.

d. The opinion that the object was a large meteorite is further strengthened by the absence of any sound associated with its passage.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

UNCLASSIFIED