The image provided contains no photograph. It appears to be a scanned document describing an observation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) over Lavalette, New Jersey on July 20, 1952.

The text from the document is as follows:

Description of Objects Seen in Sky on July 20, 1952, over Lavalette, N.J. 

Time: Approx. 12:20 to 12:25 a.m., Sunday, July 20.
Place: Seen from boardwalk, just east of center of Lavalette, N.J.

Description of Objects:
a. Two moving lights were seen, each having the same appearance: approximately round and orange-yellow in color with dull red alternately diffusing over much of the surface. They seemed about the same size as the appearance of Venus or Jupiter, but only two or three times as bright.
b. The lights were first seen toward the south, just off-shore, about 10 to 15 degrees above the horizon. They moved horizontally, one behind the other, and following nearly the same path. They appeared to be at least 10 to 15 miles away. At the point where they passed almost due east of the observers, they appeared to be at least 6000-8000 feet, the maximum elevation being obtained. They second, or trailing, light did not keep constant-distance or course with the leading object.
c. Shortly after passing to the east of the observers, both lights gradually began to turn westward, gaining elevation north of the observers' line of sight. Continuing to recede, the lights appeared to the west 50-60 degrees elevation, then began to lower and gradually disappear. During this first circling, both lights grew smaller and fainter, but more yellow in color. The trailing light gained on the leading one and they appeared to drop further behind and to shift courses slightly to south or southwest as they turned.
d. Out at sea, they continued circling, the radius of turn being much smaller than the brightness leading object crossed the shore-line again just south of the observers, at about an 80° elevation. Both continued to turn much farther, smaller and more silvery in color, occasionally disappearing and reappearing, as though passing behind thin clouds. The second light completely disappeared just after about a 50° elevation. The total elapsed time from first sighting to final disappearance was very faint, like a small star; it seemed many miles high, and moving more rapidly. It finally disappeared in the WEST at about a 50° elevation. The total elapsed time from first sighting to final disappearance was about five or six minutes.