ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY
Grand Rapids, Mich.

November 1, 1952                                        Bulletin 52-1

Contact: Astronomers, Menagozine; Organisationals investigated by
   a personal; C.W. - Unverified by permission of A.S.Y. in cooperation
by A.S.Y. Bio-bibliography of any published material on incident;
   Geological note; A.S. Astronomical Society.

Any future references to previously noted sightings will be
prefaced by the case control number.

52-100 - (1) Dayton, Ohio, July 26, 1952 - Approximately 4 a.m. a noise
similar to jet aircraft but with a dull hum. After noise end ceased, a
bright white light (described as similar to lamps in winter months (F))
was observed moving east from east to west in a clear sky. Light stopped
and became stationary. A second light similar to first appeared
approaching from the same direction but appeared to be somewhat lower.
When second light appeared to move directly below first light, both headed
northward heading smaller until disappearance. Two observations took
part in the northern half of the sky. Speed was estimated to be about
as fast as a jet plane.

Wright-Patterson AF Base (noted connection with phenomena -
although there had been within Phase Runs up to 2 a.m. Subequent check
indicates that daytime denial photo tests were still going on at 4 a.m.
Note: Dayton Daily News, July 29, 1952.

52-101 - (1) Vicinity of Grand Rapids, Michigan, July 19, 1952 - Approx-
imately 11:10 p.m. Glowing objects observed approximately 45° above
western horizon. Apparent size of object was described as "1/2 to 3
feet in diameter. No dependable estimate on actual size or distance
available.

Object described as appearing to circle erratically for about
10 minutes emitting intermittent light. No sound or exhaust observed.
Object departed in northwesterly direction at high speed when Capital
Airlines southbound flight 64 was fired heard.

Further claims others saw same object - A.S. is still trying to
obtain stories of other sighters. Note: Ibid.

52-102 - (2-?) Vicinity of Mackinac, Michigan, September 25 through 29,
Five people described sighting startling object low in north-northeast sky
which moved, stopped, reversed and climbed; Ibid. Object described as variously red,
green and yellow colored.

Investigator showed this to be a star - this analysis was
made upon personal observation of A.S. investigator.