There are no photographs present on the page.

Here is the OCR output of the text:

---

described themselves as radar technicians and intelligence officers. What was their opinion?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: May I try to make another answer and ask for support or negation, on the quality of the radar operator. I personally don't feel that is necessarily associated with quality of radar operators because radar operators of great quality are going to be confused by the things which now appear and may appear in a radar. The ability to use the radar for the thing it was designed for is, I believe, dependent upon the thing that they see doing a normal act. If it does a normal act, then it becomes identified as the thing that they thought it was and then it pulls itself along through this mass of indication and they say, "That one has normal processes." I think that a description of a GCA landing has some bearing on that in which to get associated with the GCA you have to make a certain number of queries and do a certain number of things and then you become identified through the fact that you obey. Other things that are in there don't obey. If you obey, then you have an identity and you can then be followed with precision. So I wouldn't like to say that this is a function of inadequate radar operations. I think it's a thing that can happen to any radar operator. If he sees something in there and says, "That one is neither behaving nor any other normal pattern." What is it? Curiosity stimulus; any other kind of stimulus can result in overanights at any particular time on any radarscope. These recently appear to have been much more solid returns than are ordinarily classifiable by the arguments that I have just given.

Would you address yourself to what I've just said?

THE PRESS: Yes. What do the experts think? That was the question.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: The experts?

THE PRESS: The ones that saw it last Saturday night. What did they report to you?

THE PRESS: Two of them saw it in --

THE PRESS: What did they say?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: They said they made good returns.