The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK STAFF STUDY

I. FACELIN

Since 1947, the Air Force has been receiving many reports of unidentified aerial objects. These reports have increased from individuals of varying degrees of reliability. In the five years since the first project for the investigation of the reported unidentified aerial objects was initiated, many conclusions have been reached as to their nature. The problems to be solved constantly change as new developments occur and new investigations are recommended a ply.

II. FACTUAL DATA

The Air Force became interested in unidentified aerial objects in the summer of 1947 when a private pilot observed nine disk-like objects over the Cascade Mountains in the State of Washington. The Air Technical Intelligence Center made a two year study of the sightings, in August 1949, a report was made which concluded that the sightings in August 1949 were due to:

a. Mass hysteria
b. Hallucinations, hoaxes, and people seeking publicity
c. Psychophysical persons
d. Anthropological subjects

The conclusions reached in this report were not substantiated by the necessary evidence and still remains inconclusive as to the identity of a certain percentage of the observed objects. The majority of the reports received were not sufficient to permit definite analysis but did serve to alert the proper authorities to the need for continuing investigation and reporting to the press and the public.

In July 1952, this project was reorganized. A review of the data available indicated that an average of three sightings per month were being reported. On 13 July and 27 July 1952 an unprecedented number of sightings occurred in the Washington, D.C. area, although publicity had been at a low ebb, or nearly non-existent, between July 1949 and 1951. Reports continued to come in to the Air Force. The fourth conclusions, that all reports are the manifestations of known or unknown phenomena, still remain to be satisfactorily concluded upon.

Since the first of January 1952 there has been a steady increase in the number of reports received per month. This is due largely to the publicity that has been received and mainly to the more efficient operation of the alert communication channels. The nature of the problem is that the Air Force is seriously considering all reports. Consequently, many people including airline pilots, who had previously feared the brand "nut" put on "flying saucer" reporters, now feel it is their duty to report.