The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

Here is the text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) of the document:

The following report was received from field grade officer assigned
to this activity:

While returning to White Sands Proving Ground from the Roswell
Hospital, we approached a brilliantly-lighted object on 25 November 1952. I observed
what appeared to be flares, or pyrotechnics, on the right side of the
object. The object was about the size of a C-47, and it was making a
a matter of seconds - I observed what appeared to be a flare land right
in the middle of the object, about three or four hundred yards distant.
It assumed the shape of a ball, having a green center, fading to a
light hazy blue at the periphery. This light disappeared before my
car arrived at the object. When the Department of the Army had a new
type pyrotechnics that I was unfamiliar with. Approximately three to
five minutes later I observed a 11-15, or series of 11 lights, approaching
from the same direction of the object. In the heavens, at an altitude of
about three to four hundred feet and between 1/4 and 1/2 mile distant.
I should have provided provisions in this report so it might be a 1-19
or a C-123. However, this object made a right hand turn above the road
and then disappeared as an angle of approximately 70 degrees, straight
into the sky. I can not state whether it was a plane or a type of
aircraft, because I can not readily identify aircraft. These appeared
to be two separate objects, the initial one stationary about the size
were five to six feet in height and six to eight windows in each of
the two rows. After this object disappeared, I returned my car and got
out to see if I could see a plane but could see nothing. I turned off
the motor on my car to see if I could hear the motors plane but I
could hear no sound. I then proceeded to White Sands Proving Ground.