[handwritten: H.T.Box 9-52] [handwritten: 9/1/52]

Oddly Behaving Meteor Flurry
Puzzles Experts in Southwest

By The Associated Press

ALBUQUERQUE—N. M., Nov 9.—AS unusual number of un-usual meteors flashing through southwestern skies these autumn nights has the experts puzzled.

In the last eleven days, seven fireballs of exceptional size have ripped through the skies over a seven-state area. The Institute of Meteoritics at New Mexico University said that frequency has "never been matched before."

"In fact," said Dr. Lincoln La Paz head of the institute, "there has never been a rate of meteorite fall in history that has been one-fifth as high as the present fall. If that rate should continue, I would suspect the phenomenon is not natural."

The fireballs reported by observers in Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Colorado and Nevada do not behave or perform like ordinary meteors, he said. They travel in straight lines when they should follow a curved course. Frequently they are silent, although meteors of that size should make a definite noise. They have a greenish color, he said, that has not been reported outside the Southwest.

One of the most unusual was the one that swept 128 miles in a straight line across the sky and has been also in New Mexico, Utah and Nevada, the fireball vanished in a blinding flash somewhere in northern Arizona. There was no noise.

"The most conventional was the one that struck near Oklahoma City Wednesday after being seen in New Mexico, Texas and Colorado. Although it was of the greenish color, it made a noise. Dr. La Paz said he hopes ground

parties will recover fragments of it. He noted that pieces are recovered from only one in ten large meteorites.

Yesterday's show in southern Arizona and New Mexico was described as perhaps the oddest of the series. Dr. La Paz said two objects, flying parallel, crashed near Cloverdale, N. M., in the southwest corner of the state, sending up a double mushroom of smoke or dust.

"Such a case of two meteorites falling together without noise would be hard to duplicate in history," he said. "I don't know what to make of it. I'm almost inclined to ask those fellows out in Nevada (where atomic bomb tests have been held recently) what they are doing."

At Washington, the Defense Department said if the objects might be rockets or guided missiles fired from test areas at White Sands, N.M., or elsewhere. A spokesman replied the department knew nothing of any tests in the Southwest at the time the flying objects were seen.

Light Seen in N.Y. Sky

MIDDLETOWN, N. Y., Nov 9—(AP)—Scores of New Yorkers reported seeing a strange light streaking across the sky late this afternoon. Reports described it variously as "a ball of fire," a "comet" and a "pink streak" high in the sky that took a few minutes to pass from east to west.

The phenomenon was observed over a twenty-mile area from Middletown to Fort Jervis, where police said an object with a bright head, leaving a trail, was seen for about three minutes, vanishing in the direction of Scranton, Pa.

[handwritten: N. 5111]