The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

DATE: 7-22-52

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT SIGHTED NEAR UTICA AND WAS OBSERVED FOR A PERIOD OF 20 MINUTES. OBJECT WAS FIRST SIGHTED AT 11:20 P.M. EASTERN STANDARD TIME, AUGUST 1, 1952, NEAR UTICA, NEW YORK.

The object appeared to be 1/3 inch in diameter and grew larger as it approached. The object seemed to be 5/8 inch or 1/2 inch in diameter when it reached the size at which it remained. The object then faded to the size of 1/16 inch when last seen. The color of the object at first sighting was a dull white. The color changed to a brilliant blue-white, to a blue, and then faded completely. It followed an erratic course, leaving a trail of smoke or dust that trailed after the object. The speed of the object was unknown. The observer said nothing as to sounds the object may have made. The observation was made by the observer with no visual aids or any other sighting equipment. The object was sighted through the glass windshield of his car. At the closest distance the observer could estimate, the object was approximately one o'clock high. The duration of the observation from the time the object was first sighted until it disappeared was approximately 20 to 25 minutes. 

Mr. [REDACTED] is the only one that submitted a report on this object and no other witnesses are known of.

Mr. [REDACTED] has a reputation with 3 years' experience and it is assumed that the information given by him should be accurate because of his experience with such matters.

The observer stated that the observation took place on a dark, moon-light night, and it was impossible to determine any exact size and place of the object in relation to known objects. There was no known astronomical activity or otherwise which might account for the sighting. There is no possibility of identifying the object as anything known to the observer. The sighting with the description of the lighting along with the erratic course of the object, as stated.

UNCLASSIFIED