The image appears to contain a handwritten document. There is no photograph present in this image.

Performing OCR on the text:

The persons who saw the flying plate are very sensible and their opinions merit consideration. Their story which adheres strictly to their observations:

At 2:15 in the morning some persons who were in the street outside their houses or strolling, noticed an extraordinary object in the sky. This object made a very intense whistling sound, moving at a terrific speed, making it appear as very close. As soon as it approached, it produced a very strong light which illuminated the entire area near the persons who observed it. They noticed that the object was circular in shape and had in the center a kind of cupola from which emanated the brilliant light. The object was moving in a zigzag motion and at a very low altitude.

The light of the flying plate was of a soft intensity, such as that produced by a neon gas tube, and in the center there was a circle of bright light much more intense that the rest, which could have been a glass or a transparent shell. The strange body performed no evolutions, but that disappeared at a terrific speed.

In so far as we know, only the watchman of the refinery at
Pajaritos had informed that the passage of the plate was accompanied by a whistling sound characteristic of a jet plane in flight, about which nothing more is known.

In the case of Poza Rica, simultaneously with the blinding light there were some phenomena in the high tension wires and in the illumination of the oil refineries.

It is almost certain that the plate which passed over this area presented is one of those which have been seen, but at a lower altitude. In all parts of the world, numerous reports of flying plates and the like continue.

As data which may be important for the investigations which are being carried out, we inform you that according to the depth of the horizon there was seen a shadow indicating a quite strong and constant displacement of the same.

The department informs that to this office and the staff is known or say anything of this phenomenon. We have been very careful not to give any pretention of sensationalism. This Meteorological Spanish Expedition could not obtain any data, because the place of occurrence was from northwest to southeast, and sixty kilometers away from the place of the observers. However, the matter is reported for what it may be worth.

Enclosure:
Clippings.