The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated July 22, 1952, describing an incident that occurred in Los Alamos, New Mexico.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"I, T. L. G., do hereby pilot employed by Cargo Air Service, Albuquerque, New Mexico, make the following statement:

On July 22nd between 1105 MST and 1135 MST, I happened to be in Los Alamos on business near the skyline of Albuquerque. Suddenly, I heard some jet fighters fly over, so along with several other persons (whose names I now do not recall, but all looking up) happened to catch sight of several objects approximately 3 to 10 in number. These objects seemed to move at an extremely high rate of speed, many times faster than any jet aircraft I have ever seen. They appeared to be about the size of a large commercial aircraft at that distance. I immediately reported this incident to Security Headquarters.

At this time, one or more (regular Navy or Army) issue field glasses, all of us took turns trying to locate the objects. When my turn came to use the glasses, I focussed them on the objects then I saw. The objects then seemed to make a 90 turn to the right at a very high rate of speed, (either down or in a southwesterly direction). It suddenly either leveled out and took (direction) or was going southwest at the same altitude. It made a 90 turn to the right. The objects then either went into or behind a straight hazy-type cloud which we believe lay over the Jemez Mountains.

Aloud, I then stated that the objects had then come toward the Airport. Going back to the skyline, the objects were no longer to be seen, the cloud cover by now having obscured them completely. The turn to the right was much sharper than is possible in our jet type aircraft. That turn was definitely much closer to a 90 change of direction than any fighter aircraft that I have observed under visual conditions.

I would estimate this object for about 2 or 3 seconds. It appeared to be oscillating in such a way as to catch the reflection of the sun several times. It had no visible means of propulsion, and leaving no condensation trail of any kind.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 29th day of July 1952.

(Signed) Glenn E. Garriott
1st Lt., USAF
Director of Intelligence"