This document does not contain any photographs; it is a typed text document.

Here is the text content of the document:

```
C
O
P
Y

30 September, 1952

From: Commanding Officer, TANEY (WPG-37)
To: Commanding Officer, EASTWIND (WAGB-279)
Via: Commander, 12th Coast Guard District (o)

Subj: Flying saucer

1. One night recently, while on Ocean Station UNCLE, members of this
ship observed an apparition in the sky which bore resemblance to what have
been reported in the press and elsewhere as "flying saucers". Since it
was possible on this occasion to identify the cause of this phenomenon, it
is considered that a report of the incident may be of some interest.

2. At the time, there was a broken cloud layer at about 5,000 feet,
with no mood. Suddenly, there appeared in the sky, at about the level of
the clouds, a lit up grayish disc. It looked to be about 5-600 feet
in diameter and seemed to hover in a position about two miles from the
ship. The commanding officer, who happened to be on the bridge at the time,
had previously regarded reports of flying saucers with skepticism, but was
the one of those that this was indeed something out of some sort of ice which there
was covered completely. After hovering for a while, the object started
moving across the sky, slowly at first, and then rapidly, reaching an esti-
mated speed of perhaps 300 miles an hour.

3. And then, almost by chance, the cause of the apparition became evi-
dent through a break in the clouds. At some three or four thousand feet
above the cloud layer that of clouds in transit was seen to be operating
landing light. The shaft of the beam could be observed where it entered
the clouds from above, but from below there was no evidence whatever of any
source of light. The foot of the beam, as viewed from beneath the clouds,
presented only a sharply delineated form, oval in shape, appearing to have
density and substance.

4. Had the aircraft not been seen, this occurrence would have been report-
ed in good faith as an observation of a flying saucer. All witnesses were
convinced of its authenticity. The explanation set forth above has not been
seen in any of the numerous newspaper and magazine articles that have dis-
cussed this subject, but it appears to be a logical explanation for many
cases that are otherwise unaccounted for.

5. It is suggested therefore that this report, or the substance of it,
be forwarded to the Air Force group currently investigating reports of
flying saucers for such interest or value that it may contain.

/s/
CORD E. SMITH
```

Please note that there might be slight inaccuracies in the text due to difficulty interpreting the characters from the provided image.