There is no photograph present on this page.

**OCR Text Output:**

    -13-

    THE PRESS:  Well, getting back, if I may follow it up, on these local radar observations, then you come to the tentative conclusion that they're physical phenomena? Would you say that?

    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think so, yes.

    THE PRESS: How is it we haven't had them before?

    THE PRESS: Well, that's what I was going to get to. What's the history of this thing? Radar operators in the past, when you inquire of them, have they seen similar lights in the past and because they never bothered to associate them with flying saucers they've never gotten in the newspapers?

    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Oh, they have associated them in the past with things that were thought desirable to intercept. I said a minute ago we've intercepted flocks of ducks and similar things. There's some history of the lack of identification of friendly aircraft which causes a lot of unnecessary interceptions in some parts of the world, being mixed up with a lot of this sort of thing too in which we've had many interceptions that went out and identified a friendly that should have been established by some other method, but mixed up with those there've been many of these attempts to identify an unknown that fizzled out in the same way that the current ones have fizzled out.

    THE PRESS:  In other words, it is not a rare phenomenon, this thing that happened Saturday night and the Saturday before that?

    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: It is not a rare phenomenon.

    THE PRESS:  It's not rare, and it occurs often enough so that you do have a history, and radar experts have been trying to find out what causes them; is that right?

    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:  That is correct. Yes, sir.

    THE PRESS: General Samford, has the Air Force conducted any independent research through universities or through the radar people, the Gilfillen people or whoever?

    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes, sir. We have a number of available consultants, some contracts that have been initiated, some of them that are being thought of, but, again,