The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from a Project Blue Book UFO investigation report.

UNCLASSIFIED

1. This investigation was initiated by the District Commander based on information received from the Directorate of Intelligence Field Office, McChord Air Force Base, Washington, concerning an unusual aerial phenomenon observed at Oak Forest, Texas, and (2) certain persons had observed an unidentified aerial phenomenon on 20 April 1952.

AT OAKFOREST, TEXAS

2. On 22 May 1952, Mr. [REDACTED], a retired resident of Oak Forest, Texas, was interviewed and related that he had witnessed an unusual object in the sky on 20 April 1952. He stated that the object appeared around 2:35 in the afternoon and was visible for approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The object was described as a shiny, silver, streamlined, elliptical-shaped object that appeared to be quite large and was hovering or stationary over his house at an estimated altitude of 800 to 1000 feet. He stated that he observed this object from his front porch and tried to get other members of his family to observe it, but they did not see it. He stated that he was the only one to see the object. He gave the following information concerning the sighting of this object:

Q. Date of Observation?
A. Summer of 1952 (June - July).

Q. Exact time of observation (local)?
A. Approximately 2:35 P.M.

Q. Place of Observation?
A. In front of Radio and Television Shop at 720 St. Paul Street, Oak Forest, Texas.

Q. Position of observer (air, car, building, location of - )
A. Standing on sidewalk.

Q. What attracted attention to object?
A. Looking up to check (TV antenna on top of his shop).

Q. Number of objects?
A. One.

Q. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, dime, nickel, etc.)?
A. Size of fighter plane at 3/4 mile distance.

Q. Color of object?
A. Aluminum - shiny.

Q. Shape (give graphic description - compare with UNCLASSIFIED)
A. Elliptical - streamlined - silhouette larger than normal aircraft.

CONFIDENTIAL
SECURITY INFORMATION