The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text in the document describes the observer's account of seeing two objects moving across the sky in an ESE direction, one traveling in a straight line and the other in a curved path. The observer also mentions hearing no sound from the objects and seeing a meteor-like object streak across the sky at night, which they believe was the explanation for what they observed earlier.

The text in the document is as follows:

At about 1600-1620 hours, Sunday, 27 July 1952, I looked up at the chimney of my house and my attention was attracted by two objects moving across the sky in an ESE direction, one traveling in a straight line and one in a curved path.

Called to my wife, but she was behind corner of house and could not get around in time to see them. 

They appeared as silvery-white spots, similar to the specular reflection of sunlight on distant rural aircraft. No trails were visible. Appeared to be decreasing altitude while in view, but this is difficult to judge because of the aspect. Impossible to estimate altitude because of lack of knowledge of size or shape of objects.

Listened intently for sound (although timing the delay would have given no good clue to the range because of the rate at which they crossed over) but heard none. First thought was that they were a couple F-94's chasing around at high altitude, which I have seen before upon occasion (there were F-94's in the area before and after this time, but flying at rather low speed and altitude) but quickly realized that no aircraft could go that fast.

In fact, the only thing I have ever seen traverse the sky at such a rate was a meteor at night. This would seem to me to be the best explanation of what I saw: a meteor, broken into two pieces burning brightly enough to be seen in the bright daylight except for the radically curved path described by me of the objects.

Seattle 88, Washington