There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Transcription of the text:

SUBJECT: Brief Summary of Re-Evaluation Sighting July 29, 1952

The following are those points and data of significance which lead to a final conclusion:

1. Three (3) Navy fliers stated that they observed a similar object at approximately 1950 hours on July 29, 1952. The only difference was that the object was a "meteor." (Albuquerque Herald dated July 31, 1952)

2. We should like to point out that the annual "meteor shower" the Aquarids, is at the height of activity from July 26th through August 5th. These meteors, which are very fast and brilliant, or "fireballs" in the vernacular, are often mistaken for unusual aerial phenomena. This particular observation fits into this classification.

3. It is my personal statement that the unidentified flying object which published blow-ups or his picture pointed out that the object had a small tail.

4. Psychological aspects: Strange part of the story is why Capt Gregory was taking pictures. Also, I was unable to determine that Mr. Gregory was or is, in any way, connected with the Air Force or any other military organization. It appears to me that his interest in this "strange" (Captain Gregory's comment) phenomena was a personal one, rather than an official one.

5. Also, his statements: "I began shooting pictures because I might be the only person to have a clear picture of this." (Comment of interviewer) This statement tends to point out that he was aspiring toward the goal of obtaining the first clear picture of this incident.

6. Consolidated, we feel that the objects for 3-1/2 minutes (mid to late proven by psychological tests that this could possibly be the basis of other correlation and supported data given above, was probably a "meteor" as first observed by the Navy fliers.

7. Colonel Johnson: This is submitted in the event that the matter which a decision is necessary reference may come to a head or resolve in a potential controversy (public relation's wise) as far as the Air Force is concerned. It is offered for whatever action or information will be released without specific approval or advisory from this headquarters.

Captain, USAF