The image contains two photographs. The first photograph shows a view of a building or structure, likely a train station or warehouse, with several parked vehicles in the foreground. The second photograph shows a similar view, but with a darker, more ominous sky in the background.

Extracting the text from the document:

Form No. 9-8 
U.S. AIR FORCE 
PROJECT "BLUE BOOK"

SPECIAL REPORT

No. 14
Headquarters, 20th Air Division (Defense)
Westover Air Force Base, Massachusetts
7 July 1952

SUBJECT: "Flying Saucer" report submitted by Vere C. Chappell, Salem, Mass.

1. On 3 July 1952 a civilian report of "flying saucers" was received from Vere C. Chappell, S1 West Pine St., Salem, Massachusetts. This report was made to the Intelligence Officer, 33rd Air Division, Mitchell AFB, New York, and it was forwarded to this Headquarters on 5 July 1952.

2. Mr. Chappell reported that on the evening of 2 July 1952, at approximately 7:15 P.M., he and two friends observed two luminous objects in the sky near Salem, Massachusetts. According to Mr. Chappell's statement, the two objects were observed for approximately 20 minutes, after which time they disappeared from sight. He further stated that the objects appeared to be slightly elliptical in shape, were estimated to be about 30 to 40 feet in diameter, and were emitting a yellowish-white glow. No other pertinent details are contained in Mr. Chappell's report.

3. Attached hereto are two photographs which Mr. Chappell submitted as part of his report. The photographs are identified as "B1" and "B2" and were apparently taken in the vicinity of Salem, Massachusetts, on the evening of 2 July 1952. These photographs do not appear to show the "flying saucers" which Mr. Chappell reported observing. Rather, they appear to depict the normal nighttime skyline of a city or town.

4. It is the opinion of the Intelligence Officer, 20th Air Division (Defense), that the photographs submitted by Mr. Chappell do not contribute anything substantial to his report of observing "flying saucers" in the vicinity of Salem, Massachusetts, on the evening of 2 July 1952. The photographs depict the normal nighttime skyline of a city or town and do not show any unusual or unidentified aerial phenomena.

5. The report submitted by Mr. Chappell has been thoroughly reviewed and evaluated by the Intelligence Officer, 20th Air Division (Defense). It is the conclusion of this officer that the "flying saucers" reported by Mr. Chappell were probably the result of misidentification of some familiar aerial phenomena, such as aircraft, balloons, or other natural occurrences. No further investigation of this report is deemed necessary.