The page from the UFO report document does not contain any photographs. Below is the OCR transcription of the text present in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

To: APOIN-V DATE: 
FROM: APOIN-V/TC NO. 1 (Cont)

From the B-29's could not be determined. The second aircraft received flak shortly after sighting this object. Crew numbers who reported the sightings were in both cases experienced combat crew men, having had experience over Germany in World War II as well as previous experience in the Korean theatre.

b. The press release referred to by Senator Russell actually contains a mixture of the information given in the preliminary FEAF report plus that contained in a later detaild report, which was submited subsequem to reinterrogation of the two crews. This release actually played up the "Flying saucer" aspects of the incidents based upon the initial description of "disc-shaped"

c. ATIC requested FEAF to furnish additional particulars, if available, following receipt of the preliminary reports. Additionally, they requested that FEAF alert their bomber crews to the possibility of such sightings in the future whereupon they would utilize fire control equipment in an effort to determine the distance of such objects from the observing aircraft. Thus far, there have been no additional reports from FEAF of similar sightings and neither ATIC nor APOIN-V/TC have arrived at a final evaluation of the incidents.

d. Based on the meager information thus far available, it is possible to arrive at only tentative evaluations of what the objects may have been. Two possible evaluations follow:

(1) Observation of the exhaust from an LA-9 or La-II Soviet fighter aircraft. The exhaust stacks on both these single-engine fighters are arranged in a cluster on each side of the fuselage, and it is believed that the exhaust emanating from this installation, when seen at night, would give an illusion such as described in the reports received.

(2) There have been several reports in the last few months of searchlights attached to jet and piston engined conventional aircraft which have intercepted FEAF bombers over Korea. These identifications have been stated to be positive in most instances. The use of such an airborne searchlights attached to a conventional aircraft on a very dark night would be a second possible explanation of the above incidents, since the attention of the crews would most probably be focused on the light source and this fact, coupled with the difficulty of discerning an aircraft silhouette, under extremely poor light conditions, could conceivably account for a report of this nature: DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED (Col Ericksen - Ext. 52466)
```