The image provided does not appear to contain any photographs. It is an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated 4-15-52, regarding sightings of frozen balloons.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Reporting of Frozen Balloons

On April 7, 1952, a pilot balloon released from the Antarcticupper Atmosphere Station at McMurdo Sound reached an altitude of over 80,000 feet and was tracked visually for about two and a half hours, after which it disappeared. It was noticed by a Navy pilot, who mistook it for a "UFO." The balloon was carefully tracked and identified.

There have been several similar incidents of pilot balloons being mistaken for "UFOs" by observers. These balloons are used for obtaining upper atmosphere meteorological data and are often visible for considerable periods due to their great altitude and size. They frequently reach heights of 100,000 feet or more and may remain aloft for several minutes before breaking into smaller solid pieces.

The duty-free balloons described in this report were followed to their bursting point, and several times thereafter the balloons were observed to break up into smaller solid pieces. This behavior was distinctly attributable to extreme cold, possibly as low as -100 degrees Centigrade, causing the balloons to become brittle and fragmentate.

Only one San Juan at 16 km, about 1 km below the RAOB height of the temperature, half this time apparently had enough lift capacity to reach the observed maximum altitude. The balloon burst at 80,000 feet and the fragments fell to earth near the U.S. Weather Bureau Station at McMurdo Sound. (Ref: USAFIN 7-101, Fil: 29-6-1, 7 Apr 52.)

Ex: Latex weather balloons, both pilot and sounding, regardless of the degree of inflation, remain elastic and do not become brittle and fragmentize until they reach an altitude where the ambient temperature would be about -100 degrees C., around 100,000 feet or about 18 to 20 minutes before the time of final burst.