There is no photograph present on the page. The text of the document is as follows:

---

1 Aug 52

TITLE:	 USBI: Rumors of Flying Saucers

It is reported from Bonn that a German expert, a writer, will give
information in the next issue of Der Flieger about a flying saucer
which is stated to have landed in Spitsbergen and been examined by a
Norwegian rocket-weapon expert.

A few hours after the landing experts arrived and were certain it
was not manned and consisted, in the main, of a disc of steel of un-
known (alloy) composition. The diameter was 48,4m. An outer ring
was fitted with 46 jet motors which cause the disc to rotate round
and sphere in the center of which there are instruments for measuring
and remote control steering. There are stated to have Russian mark-
ings. The expert found an unamaged observer and sender instrument
with a plutonium core in the wreck which on all wave-lengths sent out
on a frequency of 934 hertz, unknown in any country.

The announcement has caused a great sensation in professional circles
in West Germany. No confirmation has been obtainable, but it is rumored that
the witness is well informed since German experts, have also been
consulted.

The chief of the Norwegian Defense Staff and Swedish experts have no
knowledge of and are skeptical about the information.

A telegram stated that an aircraft flew over a North Norwegian
district on 6 Aug 52 and release 4, apparently round, objects which
continued on a northerly course at about 5,000 m. height. No Nor-
wegian aircraft were up at the time.

(b) Witness stated that his information is based on authentic data,
states that at 4 a.m. on 1 Aug 52 a flying object was observed over
the southern Black Forest, at Herrenalb, in clear weather. It app-
eared as a shining body of light travelling from East to West at high
speed. The noise it made was like that of a turbine: it left a
trail of light.

Witness is convinced that the apparatus is of German origin and has
been appropriated by the Russians.

(c) A flying object, round like a ball at the forward edge, was
seen at Rovaniemi, in Finland, on the evening of 10 Aug 52. Its
color was a clear green and it left behind a red glow which soon dis-
appeared.

SMG

---

Please note that due to the age of the document, the contents here may contain historical inaccuracies or reflect the views and speculation of the time.