There are no photographs present on the scanned document.

Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---

Folkston, G. C.,
Nov. 5, 1954.

Department of Defense,
Washington, D. C.

I am writing this letter to make a delayed report---delayed
because I did not know where to send it---of a "flying saucer," or some other
strange object seen by me on August 9, 1952, 9:35 p. m., checked by my watch,
which was near correct.

Preliminary to trying to give you a word picture of this object
and the circumstances and conditions that existed or prevailed at this time
will state that about sunset we had a moderate thundershower which lasted
with the accompanying rain for about an hour, after which the cloud
passed on to the East, but leaving the sky dark and overcast for till
about 10:00 o'clock, with an occasional flash of lightning to the East and
Southeast. My house fronts------miles south of 12th and
with all the buildings pretty well scattered. Across the street in front of
my house a grove of trees covering about a block, with a cleared opening
All the way through, a hundred feet wide and narrowing to about 60 feet
on the opposite street, past which there is a decline or reaching several
hundred yards, then bottom land on a creek for half a mile, then upward for
half a mile to about the level of my house. The depression bit two -A the hill
within a line end on each other is a ratio not more than 50 feet, end
there is a clear view from my house to the horizon when I look down the cleared
or open gine.

On the August night mentioned I was at home alone reading in a front
room. About a quarter past (date not known on the porch, and then sat down in it porch
chair to smoke and cool off a little. The thermometer on the porch registered
is 65 degrees. I was looking straight down this cleared line in front of and
in the dark toward the dark clouds. On the left of the lane the trees were
tall all the way across, but on the right side there were no tall trees
except one or two at the end of the line.

Suddenly, through the foliage of the tall trees on the right I saw
a light moving, and I was looking directly at it when it crossed the end of
the Lane and disappeared behind the nearby tall trees that further obstructed my
view. I had a clear and perfect view of the object for five or six seconds.
This object was perfect round. The center of it was perfectly round and bright
rose colored read, eighteen inches or so in diameter, and around this red was
very bright bluish of morethan a foot broad and perfectly round, and around
this there was a white, steamish looking circle a foot or more broad and
perfectly round.---apparently dimmer at the edges. It plainer, brighter
picture could not be painted. The colors were plainer than my rainbow, and
it was lower than the clouds with a 2 clock position; it apparently was
traveling apparently from Southeast to Northwest, and seemed to be light
on the rise.

My eyes were probably at. 2nd let above level ground, saw there
Quite into clear view was probably fifty feet above level ground.

---

This transcription includes all visible text available on the scanned page.