The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book document dated October 28, 1952, regarding an unidentified flying object sighting in Hickman Canyon, Utah.

Transcript of the text in the document:

"Unidentified flying object in the air in the vicinity of Hickman Canyon county of Tooele, state of Utah.

TO: Mr. Reau F. Wineglow, Chief, Intelligence Division, Air Technical Intelligence Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.

SUBJECT:

On Oct 28th 1952, I reported to Lt. R.W. Pflock, of the Highway Patrol, that I had a so-called 'Unidentified Flying Object' under observation, and he turn stated that he related the findings to Lt. Dennison, the assistant Executive Officer of that Intelligence Division. He further stated that the finding would be submitted to the Pentacle and Calvert, who cooperated on that case. I also surrendered a two pages report on the circumstances and the results of our search sighed by my companion and myself, with the assurance that it would be forwarded to your office. I asked permission to make your people and the citizens interested in the grounds that I would have this for my justification, in case this should not get out of the valley without being known. However the show has now stopped by investigation for the present time. I was granted permission to search the area from an aircraft based at Dugway which we did without success because the area is so densely covered with Deseret shrubs which obstacles the visibility that the object has disappeared. However the other evidence that I have gathered would be enough to convince the officers in that case, and I have now finished my search. So with your permission and in regards to Air Force Security, any information on the subject that you have and are forward to me without impeding the security that is involved can be of help in my search. I will continue as soon as the weather breaks and I am confident that I may be the close observer that may be the best everyone has been hiding for any information on likelihood of the situation or possibility of what actually transpired which would be very helpful and appreciated. Reliable evidence appears to a point to a spectacular happening according to hear from other sources that remains unavailing."