There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT".

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
PROJECT NO. 10073
ATTN: USAFE & ATI BRANCH
SUBJECT: AD-23-42
LETTERS GIVING OBSERVATIORS OF UNUSUAL AERIAL OBJECTS

Dear Sir,
As per your inquiry, we inform you that the incidents referred to have definitely been observed and were quite real to those who saw them. Our original report of this incident is dated 23 September 1952 and is contained in our files under date of 29 September 1952.
Dear Sir,
In reply to your inquiry, we inform you that the incidents referred to have definitely been observed and were quite real to those who saw them. Our original report of this incident is dated 23 September 1952 and is contained in our files under date of 29 September 1952.
Only last summer, I received an official telephone call in the middle of the night, from an officer in the French Air Force who was stationed at Rabat, French Morocco. He frantically reported that a strange aerial object had been sighted by a number of pilots and ground personnel stationed at the Rabat airfield. He stated that the object was circular in shape, glowing with a reddish-orange light, and hovering at an altitude estimated at around 5,000 feet. He said it hovered in the same general area for around 10 to 15 minutes before suddenly zooming upward at a terrific speed and disappearing from sight. I identified the mysterious thing as the planet Jupiter. However, the officer insisted that this was no planet, but some sort of strange craft or vehicle carrying out a highly unusual and unexplainable aerial maneuver. Needless to say, I was quite surprised by the vehemence with which he argued this point, and amazed at the action allegedly performed by the object.
There have been so many incidents of this kind, reported from various parts of the world, that the cumulative evidence is becoming quite impressive. Scientists are beginning to take the phenomenon much more seriously, though the problem is still baffling and there is no generally accepted explanation. The relative motion of such observed objects is clearly observed, however, and one cannot dismiss the possibility of some kind of intelligently controlled vehicle operating in our atmosphere. Full scientific investigation may reveal a natural explanation, but at the present time, the problem remains unsolved.
Very sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]