There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image, which seems to be a scanned page from a report or document. 

OCR Output:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

30 March 1952
Braintree, Massachusetts

HAVE YOU HEARD

By Bill Schofield

This is barrage day in the flying saucer department, and you're getting two stories for the price of one—the first from a resident of western Massachusetts, and the second one for what's it worth.

Occasionally I don't give any stories but just print what people believe to be true. In the past few years many people believe they have seen flying saucers, or have seen some form of unexplained phenomena that they describe as flying saucers. We continue to receive them and catalogue them and print the most significant of them, in the hope that sometime, somehow, someone may be able to give us an actual explanation of all the weird things that have been going on in the skies during the past five years. So far, nobody has been able to do this.

When and if they do, it will be one of the biggest discoveries of all time. Meanwhile, those who see these things keep on claiming they really saw them, and it does give one pause.

This story is told by Charles E. Earley, a 37-year-old gas and oil worker, who was returned half out of his skins on the afternoon of March 20 from a visit from a pair of flying rings.

It appears that Mr. Earley, was driving home, when he saw two circular, saucerlike objects over the dark, wooded countryside surrounding Greenfield. He stopped his car to get a better look, and the two objects seemed to be just hovering there without any sound.

He looked up, and saw this thing "coming down," as he put it. It was a little smaller than the moon, and it came down close to his car, about 75 feet up, and hovered there.

"I looked up, and saw this thing coming down," he says. "At first I thought it was an airplane, but when it got closer I could see it was something else. It was round and flat, and there wasn't any noise from it at all. It just hovered there, about 75 feet up, right over my car."

The object, he says, seemed to be made of a polished metal, and it reflected moonlight. There were no lights on it that he could see. For two or three minutes it hung there, and then it suddenly shot up and away at a terrific speed, going straight up until it disappeared from sight.

Mr. Earley, who is a sober, hard-working man, said he was so shaken up by the experience that he could hardly drive home. "I couldn't believe my own eyes," he said. "I've heard about these things, but I never thought I'd see one with my own eyes. There's no doubt in my mind that what I saw was real. It wasn't any airplane or anything like that—it was something else. I guess I'll never know what it was, but I know I saw it."

This time the story is told by Charles T. Earley, a 37-year-old gas and oil worker, who was shaken half out of his skins on the afternoon of March 20 from a visit from a pair of flying rings.

It appears that Mr. Earley was driving home, when he saw two circular, saucerlike objects over the dark, wooded countryside surrounding Greenfield. He stopped his car to get a better look, and the two objects seemed to be just hovering there without any sound.

He looked up, and saw this thing "coming down," as he put it. It was a little smaller than the moon, and it came down close to his car, about 75 feet up, and hovered there.

"I looked up, and saw this thing coming down," he says. "At first I thought it was an airplane, but when it got closer I could see it was something else. It was round and flat, and there wasn't any noise from it at all. It just hovered there, about 75 feet up, right over my car."

The object, he says, seemed to be made of a polished metal, and it reflected moonlight. There were no lights on it that he could see. For two or three minutes it hung there, and then it suddenly shot up and away at a terrific speed, going straight up until it disappeared from sight.

Mr. Earley, who is a sober, hard-working man, said he was so shaken up by the experience that he could hardly drive home. "I couldn't believe my own eyes," he said. "I've heard about these things, but I never thought I'd see one with my own eyes. There's no doubt in my mind that what I saw was real. It wasn't any airplane or anything like that—it was something else. I guess I'll never know what it was, but I know I saw it."