There is no photograph present on the page.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text:

```
-30-

THE PRESS: Have you any program along that line?
You spoke In the beginning that you wanted the methods of
measuring things. You mentioned two or three little things
like the possibility of buying some cameras and telescopes.
Is there a program being set up to go about this scientifically,
and what other organizations are you thinking of bringing in on it?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I believe that Colonel Bower
of the Technical Analysis Division at Dayton is here. Are you
here, Bower?

COLONEL BOWER: Yes, sir.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Would you address yourself
to that point, please?

COLONEL BOWER: Our idea on that is to implement our
present study with instruments wherever possible, as Mr. Griffing
mentioned, the refraction grid camera and other pickups that we
might get.

THE PRESS: How many of these telescopes have been
ordered, the Schmidt telescope?

COLONEL BOWER: The Schmidt telescopes are not on
order by us. The refraction grid camera is an item which we
are --

THE PRESS: Is the Schmidt telescope project an
Air Force project or --

MR. GRIFFING: Yes. Yes, sir.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think the point that the
gentleman over here wanted to have answered is can you explain
from memory the kind of structure that I know that you have in
ATTIC for, well, I've seen it somewhere in my memory that you
have this step and this step and this step.

COLONEL BOWER: We have several steps in analyses
and that might explain to you one reason why we cannot give
you an instantaneous answer. I mean this requires a study
Just like any technical problem. First of all, we need tech-
nical data. Our first step is to collect the data and check
it against other identified objects such as balloons, if air-
craft or missies or such things as meteors are following
that, and it comes back and we make an analysis of it within
our own groups. We have specialists in our own organizations,
people on electrodynamics, physics, geophysics, and various
```