There is a photograph present on this page. It appears to be a dark object or mark near the top middle of the page.

The OCR text from the document is:

```
UNCLASSIFED 
Wing Intelligence, Moody AFB, Ga IR-4-52 
2 3

1. At approximately 0010 hours to 0128 hours on 24 July 1952, SOURCE stated that he observed one (1), of three (3) objects in the form of "very brilliant" lights, more brilliant than a star. The shape and size of the three (3) objects was not determined. The first object appeared white in color, then changed to a brilliant hue of red, then to blue-white, and back again to white. The interval between color changes was approximately one (1) second. A total of three (3) objects were observed. No particular formation was performed by these objects. SOURCE could not determine the aerodynamic features. ny troop or overuse, was observed, and the propulsion system could not be determined. SOURCE could not estimate the speed of the objects, however, he stated the speed at which they traveled was extremely high. No sound was emitted from them after the initial changes of coloring was mentioned, the first object proceeded in an upward direction and then descended to a much lower altitude. It hovered at this point, then then darted in circles, proceeded again in an upward course, descended again and disappeared in a westerly direction. The object maintained its original bright glow while disappearing. SOURCE observed the above mentioned movement for approximately seven (7) minutes. source stated that no further objects were observed until approximately 0135 hours, when two (2) much dimmer lights appeared and performed gyrations while traversing in a parallel course in a south southeast direction. no changing of coloring was observed, however, on one (1) occasion at approximately 0137 hours, a white flash appeared between the two (2) objects while they were performing gyrations. The distance between the two (2) objects could not be determined. The objects disappeared at approximately 0140 hours while traversing in the above described manner in a westerly direction. SOURCE had no further information.
2. The above sightings were observed from approximately 0010 hours to 0140 hours (one (1) hour and ten (10) minutes) on 24 July 1952.
3. SOURCE observed the objects visually.
4. Point of observation was approximately two (2) city blocks west of the Eastern City limits of Lakeland, Georgia (Latitude 31 03N Longitude 83 03W). SOURCE estimated the distance of the objects to be at least fifty (50) miles away from him in a west southwest direction. The first object was estimated by the SOURCE to be at an altitude of approximately fifty (50, 000) thousand feet; the second and third objects at an altitude of approximately thirty thousand (30,000) feet.
5. SOURCE, a high school graduate, with eleven (11) years of service in the United States Air force, has flown forty-seven (47) missions as flight engineer in B-29 type aircraft during World War II, and twenty-three (23) missions as a gunner in B-29 type aircraft during his tour of duty in Korea. Approximately three (3) years were spent on flying status. SOURCE is a graduate of the Air force jet mechanic schools is a Mechanical & Electrical Instruments Technician; attended DeForest Radio Institute (did not graduate) on-the-job training as a aircraft mechanic. SOURCE could not offer any additional information pertaining to his background knowledge and practical experience on which his reliability can be judged. SOURCE stated that the objects which he observed, did not, in any way resemble any type aircrafts of which he had knowledge or practical experience.
```