The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

15 August 1952

At 2235 hours, 15 August 1952, I had just finished work and was on my way to barracks when I was called to observe a large object hovering over the lake.

They were standing, looking towards the lake, between buildings 47 and 48. The object hovered, oscillating in a strange manner, and blinked on and off. It seemed to move or bounce around a little and would become very bright at times, then dim, but it did not appear to leave the general area. The color was a strange color, not like any aircraft I have ever seen. It was round and seemed to be about the size of a car at arm's length. About half the size of the full moon. It appeared to be self-luminous and did not reflect light as we know it. There seemed to be a glow around the edges.

After a slight pause, it seemed to go into a clear spot and just seemed to vanish. It came so complete a stop and just seemed to turn off, among the stars.

At the time, or just before, the two (2) airmen who called me advised that the object first appeared in a northwest-northeast direction and seemed to hover for a short time, then it disappeared, to about the same area, shortly after the arrival of the duty officer, the object did not reappear.

This object traveled from a twelve o'clock position (where I first observed it) to a thirty o'clock position and then seemed to disappear into clear space. The weather was clear and I feel sure that the visual acuity of the officer and myself was not impaired. This was not like anything I have ever seen before and defies any logical explanation.

This statement is true and as I had just finished work, the object was observed soon after as stated above. I was amazed at what I saw and I suspect that this case is one of those definite that is was traveling at a greater speed than our fastest aircraft can go.