The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text found in the document is as follows:

"July 7, 1952
UNCLASSIFIED

Executive Order in Charge of Public Relations
Goodfellow Field
San Angelo, Texas

Dear Sir:

On the morning of July 7, 1952, at 2:40 a.m., I sighted a blue-green object trailing a steady tail. I have been interested in the "Flying Saucer" and Meteor Question for some time. I do not commit myself by saying that the object was a "visitor" but rather a meteor.

The following is an accurate account of what I saw:

I was in bed trying to sleep, when suddenly, I observed the brilliant object cross the sky from east to west. It was an intense white light, described by one witness, (an elderly retired military person who was immediately behind me), as being the "brightest object I have ever seen in the sky". As it crossed the sky, it appeared to tilt slightly, allowing a glimpse of the side view as it passed. As it passed, I was starting up again toward the wall going east. As I looked up again in the direction it had gone, I was shocked to see a brilliant light hovering, as they say, coming into view from behind the East horizon. This "hovering car", as they say, coming into view from behind the east horizon. This "hovering car", as they say, dominating the sky, was viewed for a period of about 30 to 40 seconds, in the space marked "A", brilliant blue white in color, and appeared to be slightly elliptical in shape. Its brilliance was such that all objects in the space marked "A" were in silhouette, so intense was the illumination. It then appeared to descend slowly, straight down, while maintaining the same brilliance. As it appeared to approach the horizon, or the trees, the brilliance appeared to diminish, and finally disappeared from sight completely. This all happened in an elapsed time of approximately 30 to 40 seconds. I last observed the light as it appeared to be descending behind the trees on the horizon.

I last the object well. It was on an elevation that could not have been other than a minimum of 30 to 1000 feet. I took my elevation line-of-sight with a nearby telephone post, and it was at an elevation that could not have been other than a minimum of 30 to 1000 feet. I was leaning on my elbows on the porch rail, and it cleared the telephone pole in the foreground by about 200 yards. It was not heavily lighted. I was lying there staring at the sky, just passing the time of day, when the brilliant light appeared to the East, just about where it disappeared from sight. It was 40 minutes 5 seconds past 2:50 a.m. when the object was first sighted, and the elapsed time was approximately 30 to 40 seconds from start to finish.

I want you to know that I am taking this matter to your office, as I feel a report should be made to the proper authorities, so that they can investigate this phenomenon, if they so desire. I have been somewhat reticent about these matters in the past, but I feel that in view of the urgency of the situation, and the possibility of its importance, I should make this report without further delay.

Sincerely yours,

(Signature)"