The image contains a photograph of a handwritten document titled "Report on a Flying Object Observed Twice April 15, 1952". The text in the document describes observations of a flying object, including details about its appearance, location, and movement.

REPORT ON A FLYING OBJECT OBSERVED TWICE APRIL 15, 1952

FIRST APPEARANCE
1. Time: About 10:45 PM but not before 10:42 PM and not after 10:52 PM.
2. Description of Object: Bright light, round in shape and appeared to be moving at a high velocity (moon visible in sky very dark).
3. Location of Object: In field of view of observer engaged in conversation - position of head normal - but to center the object an upward lift of head was necessary. Object viewed from sidewalk adjacent to that residence.
4. Position of Observer: Approx. 50 ft. south from north line of property.
5. Direction of Flight: SSE.

SECOND APPEARANCE
1. Time: Approx. one minute after first appearance.
2. Location of Object: In field of view of observer engaged in conversation - position of head normal. Again the object appeared to rise slightly to center the field of view, object appeared over residences located on west side of North Belmont.
3. Position of Observer: Approx. 100 ft. south of position of first appearance.
4. Appearances: Color yellow - like that of ordinary incandescent electric source. Electric source - clear and slightly dim sky and disappearing close, approx. 1500 ft. Light source did not "twinkle" like a star - did not seem to brighten or dim - steady. First impression of this observer was that of a round electric light source traveling at a very high rate of speed. This impression was concieved because of the "streak of light" appearance. This seems illogical, because this object appeared to be of a single light source with no limits. The "streak of lights" were parallel - not fanning out. The light appeared solid throughout - no gradual appearance and disappearance by an electric switch - no gradual appearance and disappearance - a very instantaneous flash of a very bright point of light source traveling a curved course at a very high rate of speed.
5. Observation: It is the opinion of this observer that the light source was of a conic outline comparable to that of a "long banana" slightly curved.

A TRUE COPY:
(Signed)
DONALD B. GOOD
1st Lt., USAF