The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcribed from the document:

DETAILS:

1. This investigation requested by the District Commander, predicated upon information furnished by the CHARLIE DAILY, Day Protective Forces, Los Alamos, New Mexico, concerning the observation of an unidentified aerial object by scientist observers at LOS ALAMOS.

2. The following report by Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory, University of California, Los Alamos, New Mexico:

"About 1000 hours (MST) on 29 July 1952 at Los Alamos Canyon, three separate visual observations were made by several scientists while in color, and appeared to be changing perspective at various intervals. The objects observed appeared to be changing respectively the 30 to 40 seconds and then the 2 minute 30 second intervals with a number of smaller scattered clouds and the wind velocity was low. Five minutes later, jets appeared from the direction of the object."

3. Lt. stated that is a very reliable person and had experience on radar research during World War II.

4. The following reported by Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory, University of California, Los Alamos, New Mexico:

"At about 1030 hours (MST) on 29 July 1952 at Los Alamos, New Mexico, observed a bright white object, apparently from the west to east, which appeared larger than a star and increased in intensity. The object was flying a straight trajectory and appeared to be about 2,000 feet in altitude. It was observed for 10 to 15 seconds and then disappeared behind the rim of the canyon. The light of the object was changing in intensity at about 2 second intervals."

5. It stated that is a nuclear scientific employee for the University of California and a very reliable person.

6. The following reported by Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory, University of California, Los Alamos, New Mexico:

"Approximately 1000 hours (MST) on 29 July 1952 at Los Alamos Canyon, Los Alamos, New Mexico, observed a bright white object, which appeared larger than a star, 10 to 20,000 feet in altitude. The object was observed for approximately 8 to 10 minutes and appeared to be rotating or oscillating and reflecting sunlight. The object was viewed through binoculars and its motion appeared jerky and erratic, probably with pulsation or twisting or turning motion. A vapor trail was produced which lasted for approximately 30 seconds before the object. The object did leave a vapor trail. Weather conditions were generally clear."