No photograph is present in the document.

OCR text output:

```
-3-

have to continue in the problem of seeing whether the things 
have possibility of hurt to the United States, and our present 
dilemma of lack of measurement that can be turned to analysis 
and a complete lack of pattern in any of these things which 
gives any clue to possible purpose or possible use, leaves us 
in some dilemma as to what we can dp about this remaining twenty 
per cent of unidentified phenomena. 

The volume of reporting is related to many things. 
We know that reports of this kind go back to Biblical times. 
There have been flurries of them in various centuries. 1846 
seems to have had a time when there was quite a flurry of 
porting of this kind. Our current series of reports goes 
back, generally, to 1946 in which things of this kind were 
reported in Sweden.

There are many reasons why this volume goes up and 
down, but we can't help but believe that, currently, one of the 
reasons for volume is that man is doing a great deal more. 
There's more man-made activity in the air now than there was, 
certainly, in Biblical times or in 1846. In addition to that, 
our opportunities to observe have been enhanced greatly. 

The difficult part of it, as far as advancing the 
program is concerned, is that our ability to measure doesn't 
seem to have advanced in any way as well as our opportunity 
to observe and the greater recurrence of more disturbing things 
of this sort that are actually in existence from man-made air 
participation that we know about.

So our present course of action is to continue on this 
problem with the best of our ability, giving to it the attention 
that we feel it very definitely warrants in terms of identifying 
adequately the growing or possible or disappearing, if it turns 
out to be that, menace to the United States to give it adequate 
attention but not frantic attention. 

Now, I think with those opening remarks I could invite 
questions. Question, yes sir?

THE PRESS: Have there been more than one radar sighting 
simultaneously - that is, blips from several stations all con- 
centrating on the same area? 

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: You mean in the past?

THE PRESS: Yes, sir. 
```