The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED
4592-ID GROUP CASPER AIR FORCE STATION
114 Main Avenue West
Missoula, North Dakota

DATE 261
31 JUL. 1952

THEN STATEMENTS AS I.E.  RE CAUGHT TO ATTENTION

Within is something that I should have told you as soon as I could recall the occurence. On 24 June 1952, just what I saw scared me so much that I hesitated to talk to anyone about it. I did talk it over with my brother whom I consider you here at the letter. Another reason for not mentioning it is because I'm having trouble with my wife in Californai, and I do not want any publicity that this strange experience so much to bother my sleep and so to day I decided to call you and get this taken care of.

In the afternoon of Thursday, 24 July, 1952, I was driving through Montana on the highway between the towns of Circle and Sidney, Montana. It was about 5:00 P.M. when I suddenly a unusual bright light. What I turned to observe it better I could see that it was not an aircraft as I first thought, but rather a round object which seemed to be hovering a coyote. The object soon disappeared and I drove on out across the open fields. By attention was then drawn to what appeared to be a water tank. I was in a car about 1 mile away and then I proceeded to walk toward it. As I approached I could see it was not a water tank and first got the impression it was a size of an automobile. I looked intently at this object, and I was struck by the fact that it seemed to be solid, but silvery in color and had portholes or windows around the top. There were 4 or 5 men standing around it by a fence. When I noticed two of the men who were at the base seemed to be examining something on the ground. Without attracting their attention I passed by walking to get nearer to this strange object. As I turned to get a better view the object took off straight up at a tremendous speed. The whole episode lasted on a total of about 15 minutes. After the object disappeared, I returned to my car and drove on. It was circular in shape, appeared to be about 30 feet in diameter, and stood about 20 feet tall.

I am the corporal that was stationed near the town of Sidney in 1952, and this was much more interesting to me than in its outline silhouette. I was more interested in its mechanism than in its overall appearance. My curiosity was aroused by hearing two men who were bathing. I was given about 30 minutes to examine the object at close quarters. I was permitted to examine parts of this craft. This craft was not high enough off the ground for me to enter the craft myself. However I made a careful examination of the outer framework while the two men were not looking. I found the material was similar to natural metal, rather than a synthetic material, and it would not be dented but it was too heavy to lift the wheels by rocking. I endeavored to scratch the surface but it would not scratch. The outer skin was smooth and did not reflect light while the inside appeared to be polished metal and would reflect light, very bright light indeed. These things I examined under close supervision while the two men were preoccupied in their activity.

UNCLASSIFIED