There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

Here is the OCR text extracted:

---
page #3.

5 August 1952                Haneda AFB, Japan
Description of Incident

The object was first noticed by two airmen walking across the ramp at Haneda AFB on the night of 5 Aug 52 at 23301 (local time). The airmen were on their way to the tower to relieve the operators. On reporting to the tower, the object was called to the attention of the tower operators who were going off duty.

The four operators agreed that the object, which they observed for from 50 minutes to an hour through 7x50 binoculars, was circular in shape and with constant brilliance. The light appeared to be a portion of a large, round, dark shape which was about 4 times the diameter of the light. When the object was close enough for details to be seen, a smaller, less brilliant light could be seen along the lower edge of the dark shape. The object faded to the east twice but reappeared; it could have faded or actually gone away and came back. The size of the light, when closest to the tower, was approximately the same as the ceiling balloons that are released near the tower. A comparison was made to those 24' diameter balloons at 2000'. This would make the object 50' in diameter at 10 miles. During the observation, a lighted balloon was released but this light was extremely dim and yellow compared to the object.

An airborne C-54 was requested to check the object, which the pilot did, but he reported seeing only a star.

An AC&W unit was notified soon after the original visual sighting and shortly after 2347 picked up an unidentified return. The object was tracked at varying speeds from hovering to 300 knots. At 0012Z the return "broke into three pieces" and they maintained intervals of 1/4 mile. No visual observation was made from the AC&W unit although it was attempted and, at one time, the object was within 10 miles of the station. The radar was directed onto the target by visual observations from the tower. So it can clearly be assumed that both visual and radar contacts involved the same object.

