Air Force Checks Data On Presumed Meteor
(Continued from Page 1.)

...an earthquake had rocked the Pacific Northwest.

After hearing descriptions of the object, trained observers agreed the visitor was a meteor, drawn by earth's gravity from deep space, to blow itself to pieces as friction from the atmosphere heated it to extreme temperatures.

More susceptible viewers guessed the object to be a "Russian bomb," a guided missile, or a "flying saucer."

At least four competent observers had grandstand views of the "fireball." They were the pilot and co-pilot of an airliner, coming in for a landing at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, a United States Weather Bureau observer there and a control tower operator.

PILOTS SAW IT—
Capt. B.C. Carlson and Co-Pilot Earl Perry, flying a Spokane-Seattle Northwest Airlines, said the meteor flare flared at 1:32 a.m. by his watch and burst into flaming fragments at about 8,000 feet.

"We were approaching Ho-[truncated]

From the airport control tower, Airway Operations Specialist Robert Wiley laconically noted in the Civil Aeronautics Administration logbook:
"Observed very brilliant blue light at 1:32 a.m. (PDT). Appeared light all of airport and originate from northwest direction. Land tremor (explosion) followed about 2 minutes afterward."

The 30-second rumble followed the flash.

SAW FLASH—
From the window of his Mercer Island home, Guy L. Bettinger, 7424 W. Mercer Way, saw what he described as a "tremendous flash in the sky." He said:
"The light seemed to go straight up, like a huge electric arc — something like when a transformer explodes. The apex of the light seemed to be about as high as Mount Rainier."
"I thought right away there had been a terrific explosion. I braced for a shock. It seemed like 1½ to 2 minutes before the shock wave hit."

Engineer Reports On Meteor

No one got a better "fix" on Sunday's meteor than Don E. Lyman, Seattle engineer.
Lyman was standing at a window in his home, 18838-19th Ave. S.W., when the flash blinded him momentarily.
Reacting quickly, he went to work with watch and compass. These were his observations:
"The flash came at 1:24 a.m. by his watch. It was of 9 seconds' duration. The normal brightness of the flash was maintained for 4 seconds. In color it was a mercury or magnesium blue, with no trace of a greenish tint."
The flash was followed by a deep shaking tremor which lasted 12 seconds. The tremor started 2½ minutes after the flash. This would put the explosion 30 or 31 miles away. The flash was 21 degrees above the horizon and 18 degrees east of north.
"The tremor had a deep, deep sound like somebody down in the furnace," Lyman said.