There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a transcript of a conversation or interview.

UNCLASSIFIED

STAR ZZZZZZ

AP 12275758 2-15th A/S Nov 7, 1952, 7:00 p.m. 12 Air Force, Presque Isle, Maine.

TO: TELL (CURT) as of 1800 hours - Last night at about 7:00 p.m. two of our pilots, pilots from the 2nd A/D base, were out on a cross-country routine flight. When north west of Presque Isle, they encountered an object. Here are the details:

Q. What was the speed, altitude, size, shape, color, and general description of the object?
A. One pilot stated that it was moving at a terrific speed, estimated approximately 1000 miles an hour. It was observed at about 30,000 feet altitude. It appeared to be circular in shape, about the size of a saucer, possibly 30-50 feet in diameter. The color was a brilliant white.

Q. Did the object make any sound?
A. No, the object made no sound, as far as the pilots could determine.

Q. Did the pilots attempt to overtake the object?
A. Yes, I believe they did try to close on it, but they were unable to do so. The object outdistanced their jet fighters with ease.

Q. What was the duration of the sighting?
A. It was observed for approximately 10-15 minutes.

Q. When did this occur?
A. This occurred last night at about 7:00 p.m.

Q. Is there anything unusual or unidentified about the object that you can describe?
A. It seemed to be a solid, metallic object, and it appeared to be something concrete rather than a mirage or reflection. The pilots reported that it was real and not something imaginary or hallucinated.

Q. What was the pilots' reaction to the object?
A. The pilots were obviously amazed at the tremendous speed, the maneuverability, and the fact that it was completely unidentified. They could offer no explanation as to what the object was.

Q. What would you estimate the speed to have been?
A. It is estimated that the speed was at least 1000 miles an hour. The pilots stated that it was completely outpacing their jet fighters.

Q. And the size?
A. The size was estimated to be approximately 30-50 feet in diameter, circular in shape.

Q. And the altitude?
A. The altitude was estimated to be approximately 30,000 feet.

Q. And the color?
A. The color was described as a brilliant white.

UNCLASSIFIED