The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

The text on the page discusses the "AFL 200-5" form, which was used for the formal collection of material pertaining to UFO sightings. It mentions that the form has been moderately successful in fulfilling its purposes, but has not always been followed in reporting. The text also discusses some of the issues with the reporting process, such as the reporting agency not having enough time to collect more data, and the fact that some agency would submit the form in "flying saucer" cases even when no report of any type was submitted.

III. DISCUSSION
A. Collection 
AFL 200-5
The basis for all of the formal collection of material pertaining to observations of aerial phenomena has been the use of the AFL 200-5. (See Tab 1). This letter outlined the established procedures and requirements for submitting such reports to the AF ATIC and other appropriate agencies by way and that the letter also outlines what basic information is needed by ATIC.

When the project was reorganized in July 1952, the basic premise of the reorganization was that if a large volume of complete reports could be obtained, an analysis of the material thus collected could provide clues and possibly pinpoint the nature of the mechanism of unidentified aerial objects. Thus the use of AFL 200-5 has been only moderately successful in fulfilling its purposes. It has been widely disseminated although on several occasions it has been pointed out that some lower echelon air installations are not aware of its existence and personnel are reporting without the use of this prescribed form.

In many instances AFL 200-5 has not been followed in reporting. A survey of 100 reports submitted in June 1952 showed that 57 reporting agencies did not follow the prescribed form. There were instances where there was no attempt to follow the instructions on AFL 200-5 indicating that the reporting agency was familiar with the prescribed letter, this discrepancy has been interpreted to some degree and the reasons for not complying with the letter were:

a. The reporting agency had no more data to submit than that indicated in the reports. 
b. The reporting agency had no more data to submit than what indicated in the reports.
c. AFL 200-5 was interpreted as not required to submit some other agency would submit the required form.
d. The reporting agency did not realize in "flying saucer" cases that the form was required.

In a few instances no report of any type was submitted although the source was known to have reported the incident to an AF force installation.

Observations by sources other than AF personnel are received in compliance with AFL 200-5 when they are reported to AF installations. Reports received in this manner should contain sufficient
information to at least identify the source as to whether it was a civilian or military observer, date, time, and location of sighting, description of object(s), and direction and speed of travel. While and they are not officially sanctioned by AFL 200-5, those installations may accept these reports, record them, and forward them to AF ATIC.