There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TAB G

I. FACTUAL DATA

Since 1947, the air force has received nearly 1500 reports of unidentified serial objects. Approximately 20 percent of these reports indicate that there remains some doubt as to the identity of the objects. The extensive investigation of these cases is continuing in an effort to obtain the data on unidentified serial objects to aid in developing better identification methods. The vital information gained at presently instrumented test installations. (See para II. At this programme this data plus additional data obtained through continued operations is the use of different instrumentation groups.)

II. DISCUSSION

At some future time it may become desirable to initiate a programme for accurate observation and instrumentation when the unidentified aerial objects are sighted. If this situation should ever arise it would be desirable to have some indication as to what and type of progress that would be necessary to adopt a certain course of action. It is allowed that it would be advisable to obtain a contract with a qualified scientific organization to conduct the necessary technical investigations and development of the required equipment and have them outline a plan for instrumentation. In arriving at a plan the first consideration would be to determine the typo of equipment that could possibly be used to observe the unidentified serial objects to determine the type of equipment that could possibly be used.

A. An instrumentation program using already designed equipment would be desirable.

B. An instrumentation program using specially designed equipment.

These programs possibly will never be used; however, if the occasion should ever arise when an instrumentation program was absolutely necessary, these studies would provide a starting point for additional planning.

III. RECOMMENDED PROCEDURES

A. Determine what civilian organizations, if any, could undertake such a contract.

B. Contact these organizations and discuss the proposal with them, requesting that they submit a proposal on the contract.

C. If the cost is not excessive, negotiate a contract for such a study.