The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) during the 1950s.

Text from the document:

I drew the "conceal" for at least 2 or three minutes before it got to the beach. They must have circled around for quite some time to disappear below the horizon. I calculate the thing is around 100 feet in diameter.

My father is a former postmaster of the town of San Juan Grande and he is now retired. When his truck driver saw my sister making two passes over the town at a very low altitude, he became frightened and stopped the truck. He said A. Franco-Soto, address c/o Postmaster San Juan Grande, observed the same thing at about the same time. She is 61 and as bright and alert as any girl. She can not be mistaken.  

My sister is a graduate of State Heights College of Adrian, Michigan. She is now a Pan American Airways stenographer and clerk. As the chief she knows to differentiate things. Her name is Lucia Franco-Soto and lives at #205 Luis Muñoz Rivera St., Hato Rey, San Juan, Puerto Rico.

As for me, I have two years college, I'm a postal clerk, and I work as a customs inspector for the UNA Pan Am. That is all I can say, this is a true story and I did not interfere with my senses at all. I know pretty well what was going on.

While I stazed my car I tried to stop a car with no-accident plates to make them come to my rescue. They did not sop but I shouted trying a answer and they whizzed on by.

I am enclosing a sketch comparing it with the other saucer I saw on August 26, 1952 at 12:15 p.m., which came I reported it next day to Col. Bernard of CID in San Juan. It covers the blue color that I mentioned. The object was silent, glowing with a pale blue luminose color and power. This is all I can give at 20 over the town of Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico in the southwest tip of the island of Puerto Rico. I was also with my son with 10,000 feet of film and it still looked like a nickel. This one I might say looked at least 500 feet or more in diameter. The edges were brilliant white. There was a center shaft or gun which showed at great speed. It turn on and turned off the lights at intervals. There was no sound whatsoever from the moonlight silent craft.

I projected the lines of the path of these saucers and one the point of origin is the island of Venezuela, the Galapagos Island, the Panama Canal and the Pacific Ocean.

I recommend a 24 hour watch over the island of Puerto Rico for out of two trapped airplanes that night I have detected two flying saucers that put in 1,000 frames. This is in case some of our aircraft have been over our area in these positions Indian.

Respectfully yours,
Hardin Franco-Soto
U.S. Customs Inspector #7033
Box 1602 San Juan, Puerto Rico
Tel. 3-4.80 San Juan Air Terminal