There is no photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book report. The image shows a typed document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" which appears to be an official military report.

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT 
Det. 12, 6900th AISS, APO 970
1. Time sighted: 1835T ZONAL TIME. Length of time sighted: 15-20 seconds
2. Date of sighting: 10 April 1952.
3. Description of object or objects observed: The object was silvery-color and it was tumbling as it was coming, it looked like it
Size: Was about 50 feet in diameter.
Colors: Silvery-color.
Number of objects: One
Trail or exhaust: None noted. 
Tail: None noted.
Estimated speed: Not noted.
Estimated altitude: 10,000 feet.
Any unusual maneuvering: Moved horizontally for approximately 15 seconds until 90 degrees after which the object appeared to leave its first course and remained in view until lost from sight.
Formation if more than one: None
Any other pertinent information: The object appeared to leave its position rapidly and continued for and veered into another direction. 
Manner of observation: Visual or electronic: Visual
4. From air or ground: Ground.
Altitude: 10,000 feet.
Type of aircraft: None
Any use of optical or electronic equipment used: None
Indications to observation and what is was used for: None
Location of observer during the sighting: CT 5000
Position of observer: Fixed ground station
Location of object relative to observer, giving distance: 1 o'clock position
Direction: Heading west and then north.
Elevation of object: Over witnesses, estimate of reliability and experience and any factor bearing on the accuracy of the sighting:
Witnesses had binoculars and were observing very closely. They appear to be very reliable.
Weather and wind condition at time of sighting: Up to 7000-8000 Feet, Hazy, above this it was very clear and is where the object was first seen until lost in haze, visibility approximately 15 miles.
Any activity or conditions meteorological or other wise which might account for the sighting: None that could be determined.

COMMENTS ON REPORTING OFFICER: Capt. [redacted] at time of observation called it in as a hoax by his flight but further questioning determined that they had indeed seen and were discussing the object that either observers knew they have not been explained satisfactorily.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 15 YEARS.