The image appears to contain a typed document with text. There is no photograph present in this image.

Transcribed text from the document:

21 Dec 1952 - (C) TRACING: Unusual Aerial Phenomena

was rise of an object, unusually, slightly, elliptical in shape, rising straight up vertically with a color which color passed to dirty red and then to the shape or silhouette of a light or lighting, the object then appeared to expand. The observer that time called this as a rocket, but the conclusion after consideration was that this was not a rocket, as he carefully observed it in its travel and the explosion that occurred was not the usual explosion of a rocket. The object did not leave any trail from the surface to northward, observed to disappear. The observed increase in size was exceptional, as the observed silhouette did expand so as to completely fill the field of observation and then slowly contract and disappear. 

Interviews were made in connection with the collected information concerning the incident: The witness, the attached information was called to the object observed. The attention was called to the object at about 30 degrees of the horizon in approximately the direction of Washington, D.C. The witness stated she was able to observe the object for several minutes. She declared that she could not recall whether the exhaust or trail appeared, as her eye was so riveted on the motion and the change in the silhouette of the object.

and gave a statement that the following information concerning the incident was given to the investigator. The witness stated the object, as being it shone, green in color, was at first stationary, and then later moved. This movement of the object was such as described in the data, that it appeared that the size of the object was increasing. The object disappeared from view, rather than land or crash, and no sound was heard during the observation.

Viewed by C. on 18 April 1952: The wife of the witness was interviewed, who stated that her husband saw the rise of an auto mobile light, which appeared to have a tinge of blue or green color, rising vertically and disappearing. She stated that she observed the object for a short time and was unable to recall all the details, but could not doubt that her husband saw the object, as he was greatly impressed that it was not anything usual. She also stated the object appeared 20 to 30 seconds. Whereas the original witness had observed the object "several minutes".

and gave a statement that the following information concerning the incident was given to the investigator: The witness reported a glowing whiter or greenish colored object hovering over Fort Austin all fields on the evening of 17 April 1952. Observers at Fort Austin were able to see the object which was estimoted to be 50 to 75 feet in diameter.

UNCLASSIFIED