[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1949

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Originator): Intl 11 from OSI Officer, 2895th AISS
Randolph Field, Dallas, Texas

REPORT NO. [illegible]

PAGE 2 OF 2 PAGE [illegible]

1. Description: Spherical in shape; size undetermined, appeared to be small like a small star. Five objects were sighted in all; two were red, ball type, two more white star type, and one was green & elongated to be elongated. Observed singly with aerodynamic features, no trail or exhaust, propulsion system heard, sound, etc. was reported. Objects were flying a straight course. They made one sharp right angle turn. No other maneuver was reported. Objects disappeared out of the horizon.

2. Time Sighted: 2221C - 2241C, 24 April 1952.

3. Manor of Observation: Objects were observed from ground with no visual aid.

4. Location of Observer: W Long. 96°44', N Lat. 32°50'. Objects were observed from area with altitude in the Dallas area preceding road, made sharp 90° turn to the left and proceeded South.

5. Identifying Information on Observers: Observer was [illegible] Sgt M., previously questioned regarding a similar sighting at base of Moore average intelligence. Reliability could not be ascertained in that the observer had no other nature witnesses.

6. Weather: 22300 GO [?]IS 193/60/50-C 17/10.

7. Other Activity: No unusual activity was reported to this headquarters in this area by any other source.

8. Physical Evidence: No physical evidence or photographs were taken.

9. Interception or Identification: No interception or identification action was taken.

[stamp: This document contains information affecting the national security of the United States within the meaning of the espionage act, U.S.C., as amended. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be disseminated in whole or in part, in other than United States Air Force agencies, except by permission of the direction of Intelligence, USAF.]