AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1952

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (AGENCY)                          REPORT NO.                PAGE    OF
5th Ftr-Intcop Sq, McGuire, N.J.      F-3-532                   2       3      PAGES

1. The following joint statement was made by Lieutenants William F. Hamilton
and Norman W. Booth:

"At approximately 1010 Zebra on 29 October 1952 while on a local training
flight of two (2) F-94A at 28,000 feet over Hempstead, Long Island and on a heading
of 270 degrees, I sighted a white light moving in one opposite direction at the
same altitude and first thought it to be another F-94A because Pinkerton was working Intercept with Twin Radar. I observed 2 in the first and the flight
leader advised that he was advancing to 100% power and started a hard right turn. At
this time I immediately dropped back to trail position and the radar observer looked
on to the said plane. He continued the port turn and the object seemed to start
turning inside of our turn and then started to climb. At this time the flight leader
changed to light afterburner with no success. We continued this hard port turn
for approximately 20 minutes keeping the light in sight as it climbed until the light
faded out of sight. I was in such a hard port turn that I had to use flaps to keep
the plane from stalling.

2. The following statement was made by Lieutenant David H. Goodrough with
the cooperation of Lieutenant Doyle C. Williams:

"Based on my experience in fighter tactics and maneuverability of fighter
type aircraft it is my opinion that the object was controlled by something having
virtual contact with our aircraft. The power and acceleration abilities were beyond
the capabilities of any known United States aircraft. However the performance has
not outside the limits of human endurance. If the object had been any type of conventional aircraft I believe it would have easily overtaken it during the first 350
degree turn. During the first turn I gained about 2000 feet while the object
gained at least 1000 feet in the same turn. At our max and I believed that if it had
stayed with us it could easily have turned inside of us on the second turn. Our O
forces on the first turn were 3 to H. At 1,500 feet per minute afterburner
rate climb at a maximum continuous rate of 1,500-feet per minute. At a tight turn
at this altitude the rate of climb is zero. The capabilities of the object were at
no time outside the realm of possibility. If a conventional aircraft had the power plant it could easily, with a human being directing it, have performed as
this object did. The object went out of sight directly above us after about 20
minutes of observation. It did not remain in a tight turn during the visual contact.
At one time it steered a course approximately towards Bridgeport, Conn. From the
area of Suffolk County Air Force Base. It then turned around and came back almost
above us. This object was definitely not a balloon or star and was moving in a
horizontal plane heading of 050 degrees when we encountered it".

3. The object was sighted at 1010 Zebra, 29 October 1952, and was observed for
at least 20 minutes. Visual sighting was by two (2) F-94A aircraft which were on
a local training flight at 28,000 feet over Hempstead, Long Island, there was no
radar contact of sighting the observation. The F/C became of malfunctioning
radar sets even though the aircraft were heading straight toward the object when it
was first sighted. The object disappeared southeast of Long Island. No determination of size or shape was possible because the observing aircraft could not close
the distance between the object and them. Radio contact was maintained throughout
the chase with GCI. (Pinkerton or 7724 ACW Unit). Lt. Goodrough, who was the first
to sight the object, has 1200 hours total flying time including Korean combat
service. The other observers are relatively new pilot and radar observers.

[stamp: DECLASSIFIED]

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C., 31 AND 32, AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.