There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects. The document is titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" and contains detailed information about an incident involving an unidentified object.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR FORM 112 - PART II
APPROVED 3 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: 6345th Mobile Control Squadron
(3rd Air Force), Langley AFB, Virginia

REPORT A: 17052SW-B-50

PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES

The following report is submitted in compliance with par. AGO 200-1, dtd 11 Apr 51. 

1. Object: (one) light spherical, cigar-like object, measuring approximately one inch in diameter, covered with a thin layer of tar- or napalm-like substance.

2. Object struck windshield at residence of (...redacted...) approx 6 EST on 16 Apr 52. Surface of steel mailbox was burned approximately circle-six-tenths (6/10) of an inch in diameter. The underside of the object sheared off when striking the mailbox, but the remaining portion continued on and disappeared from sight. 

3. Seven minutes after the noisy impact, the owner located the object, and picked it up, but dropped it as it was too hot to hold. It did not burn his hand. The surface of the object had a varnished appearance. The owner reported no unusual odor or other noticeable characteristics about the object. Twenty minutes later the fragments that were picked up grew cool (he claims they turned color to dull black).

4. Partially closed porch and roof overhand indicate object came from south-southeast (...redacted...) At approximately a five degree elevation.

5. Object has not been analyzed nor tested for radioactivity. 

6. Nearest factory is an electromorive plant approximately twelve (12) miles southeast of (...redacted...).

7. Six P-86 type aircraft were airborne from OHIO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, son (...redacted...) miles northwest of (...redacted...) at time of incident. No unusual or unidentified activity was observed by these aircraft. A check of the radar screens revealed no unusual tracks or targets that could be associated with the object in question.

8. Temperature, 50 F; dew point, 42; wind, calm; altimeter setting 29.37.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.