The image does not contain a photograph, but rather text from an old Project Blue Book report document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now transcribe the text found in the document:

Intelligence Officer Lt Col NAYS 6 July 1952

1/30 - 1701st Air Transport Wing

I. T----- was standing out in front of the hangar and observed a light approximately 1605 1/2 stop and come out of the traffic section right in front of the hangar and immediately noticed people moving into the area. I pointed this object out to the pilots when I first noticed it, and then I got a better look at it. It was about the size of a C-45, but the way it was moving and maneuvering I would say it was very high and tremendous in size. I saw it again a second later, it was going in a semi-erratic direction and then I lost sight of it. I cannot determine exactly the height, but I would say it was very high and tremendous in size. The object had a very bright light, it was the size of a basketball and it was terrific. I saw a second object, it was smaller, but it was going also very fast and in an erratic direction. I could not make out if it was round or not, but it was moving erratically and very high and very fast. It was like a ball of fire and was reflecting off the object. I am certain that the object I saw was neither a weather balloon nor an airplane, and I am satisfied that what I saw was definitely the first case which I know was not a weather balloon and not an airplane.

1/30 - USAF

1701st Air Traffic Squadron

I was standing out in front of the hangar and approximately 1605 1/2 UTC some object came up and was hovering over the hangar. It was at an altitude of approximately 20,000 feet, stationary at first and when I first saw them they looked like they were going around and around and gave off a white glow once in a while. In my opinion of what I saw, they were like a as seemed to me that one flipped its side and I observed that motion. The object was about an 30 degree angle.

(Signature)
1/30 USAF

Mrs. -------- Air Traffic Squadron

I was in our office around 1530 when one of the boys came in and asked if I had seen 7----- telling him that he was 'doing something up there'. I did not believe what he was telling me, so I just stayed in the office. The only thing that I observed was when the object or whatever it was went by the office window, I did not see anything and then it seemed to disappear. I did not pay any attention to it and I was just sitting here and started looking up into the sky. I first saw the object just for a second and then it disappeared and I did not see anything else.