ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET — AIR MATERIEL COMMAND

Use this form for inter-office correspondence
within headquarters.

Number all comments consecutively.

Use entire width of sheet, both sides.

Use authorized office symbols to designate
addressee and addressees.

Note symbols at lower left of form.
Refer to Air Force Letter 12-206 for
proper spacing of typewritten signature.

Place initials of dictator and typist, telephone
number, and location to right of signature.

UNCLASSIFIED

Separate comments by horizontal lines across page.

SUBJECT (Uncl) Evaluation of Project Grudge Report

TO ATIAA-3a                               FROM ATIAA-2c                    DATE 18 Feb 52   COMMENT NO. 1.
Attn: Mr. Stranges                                                         Ft Russell/Va
                                                                           54261/B 2650/P U-2

1. On two occasions on the night of 29 January 1952, U-29 crews observed a
spherical shaped object paralleling their course. It is stated as being
"the color of the sun with occasional bluish tint". Details of the report may be
obtained from [redacted section]

2. Since the objects followed the aircraft for times of one minute and five
minutes, it can be safely assumed that they were propelled (i.e., not soaring or
free-drop missiles). Therefore, it is requested that the shape and color of the
reported flare be analyzed for the possibility of the object being:

    a. A conventional jet engine.
    b. A conventional jet engine with an afterburner.
    c. A rajet engine.
    d. A pulse jet engine.
    e. A rocket engine.

[handwritten signature]
EDWARD J. RUPPELT, 1st Lt, USAF
Aeronautical Sciences Group

TO ATIAA-2a                               FROM ATIAA-3a                    DATE 20 Feb 52  COMMENT NO. 2
                                                                           Attn: Stranges/dah
                                                                           52275/Fld253/52MD

1. A review has been made of descriptive material regarding the observations
made on the night of 29 January 1952 by members of B-29 crews of globe-like fiery objects flying courses similar to friendly aircraft for short durations.

2. This group concurs that the objects appear to be propelled but from the descriptions and the time durations cited it is not considered that the objects are conventional jet engines, conventional jet engines with afterburner equipped, or rocket
propelled. Slight credence, however, is given to the possibility of a rajet powered
helicopter or a modification thereof, with provisions incorporated for exhausting
along a section of the trailing edge of the rotor blades, creating the fuzzy effect.
Integral exhausting of flames and gases, globe shaped phenomena observed recently by
the B-29 crews in Korea.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS;
DOD DIR 5200.10

[handwritten signature]
PETER A. STRANGES
Reaction Power Plants Group
Propulsion Branch

UNCLASSIFIED

WH-31 OCT 49 4652M
AMIC Form No. 5 (Rev 29 Jul 47)                    This form replaces AMIC Form No. 10-S, which will
                                                    be used until stocks on hand are exhausted.