The document does not contain any photographs.

Outputting the text found in the document:

```
APO 110/ 7/ c 
yt .Foun ord /j ab/434934
wru 20 Peb 52 An a C3. USMA

UNCLASSIFIR) 
-----------------------20"Feb 52"  

APO 110/7'S 
REPROT'UP POR: DIRECTOR OF FUBLIC RRLTIONS

SUuefr: (Unclaassified) Uldentified Objects Shtchel bg ombt Gruno Over Korea During the N lht of 29-30 January 1952. 

1. This broach has been caurled wirh regard to the alove sightings. Specifically we have been reemested to release additional Information concerning sirdiata and evaluation of isalliti none. The information below is presented (in the hopes that it will clarify the situation and critics to eliminate the big piay given this incident in the nation's press. 

2. Re sightings mwentioned, although of a scheduling nature, as is uwnal, were not abnormal occurrences in the combet theatre. In numarous varertal of Ceramy and Iconn,combat crews reported sightings or multiple types of obwects which could not be identified or explained. Thase errly sillta were reported as "fireballs," particularly from combat crewman participanting in flights over Korea. Very often these or reported objects appeared to have perfermed violent manesvers, trevel at very high speeds,
travell at very low angles to the earth or sky, flenn appear disintegrated white in Contact with friendly aircraft, disipbated or disintegrated while in
fillght, ete. either attacking Ode "fireball or sin onabsdrd whethes,
Intelligenee was never able to profe the existence of sush unconvantional phenomenon nor is ith A tendency to differentiate such repotteed objects, is this crewni tretmention, further evaluation of all such reported incidentsthe was made essontially as follows;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                a. The sightings were the result of narmal combat occurrences while in combat, e.g. flare, flak, flayht and exploding shraprel; reflections on canopies, percpitaraily" operations; smake combat arials, air-to-air hmots,
ete., or sometimes a result at combat fatique, particularly on the long missions ranged to bomb J.Oon. 

3. There have been numerous reoprats of objects right came heve been while in founday, whle on combet missions over Korea dur! the presene air'ariet. In yemer, these wonen,howeje as pelan which"

proutalla tla overall intenoal" by pernel wd partoe tn mu, leses ne From Korea have compiled intgn eomplyent by the Conned in Cones en airclnes probably, possibly-attneked hough  the ma of  af conventional Aircrvtk and upon de noAnrumtatatilies ander, in.

evaliation of this brawoh of tht attientia culusied in the hoop. Below is the those u.identified objects are probrely aro vallna soaring conspiricious.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10
```