The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

On 25 Aug 52, Thursday, P.M., I went to the flare and Signal Branch in Building 156 to investigate a report and possible occurrence of flares in the sky over Dallas that and arms being turned by a flare.

From the pictures of the described but they gave the opinion that a flare could have done the job. Small cotton particles dropped from flares as they illuminated the sky and could have caused the 3 pinhole burns in the cap. The search on the base was unable to explain, but it appears that one building that one building had lights might have given the impression effect.

There are 2 types of flares generally used, all shot from a Very pistol--parachute type 2-non-parachute type. The hand flare without the pistol is also used. The flares turn at an intense heat 1000° F and upwards and can burn up to 40 seconds. It was discussed that the smoke from the flare gave the impression of something more but it was decided that a flare was used and there was no evidence to indicate anything more.

At West Palm, a fire would have started in the dry grass. No evidence of fire was present down where the ground was burned down.

I told Berger and the other flare experts the whole story, but they stated that everything seemed to point to the use of a flare being shot at him. They said a parachute flare floating down could cause this illusion. Anything from the near by high tension wires was mentioned as a possibility also. (A flare usually turns all the way to the ground.)

A significant fact lies in the fact that the parachute flare remains at a height of 500-600 feet for an appreciable time, and it was dark and the flare was shot off for some distance, and this caused the wind to establish if the smell was in the area of the firing.

Flare people offered to help Project Blue Book at any time in the future.

Lt R. M. Olsson