There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CONFIDENTIAL
SECURITY INFORMATION
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS (Continuation):

Q. Weather conditions and lights at time of sighting:
A. Weather - medium high cloudsxxx Visibility unlimited.

Q. Name and address of observer:
A. Mr. ---, Counselor, Texas.

Q. Occupation and hobbies:
A. Many articles concerning "flying saucers", all give evidence he can find. Not able to identify conventional aircraft.

Q. Had observer seen glassed or lighted objects, especially at night, through telescope, window, or other transparent material?
A. Sighted glassed or lighted objects in past but not working glasses at the time - was not wearing glasses at the time.

further stated that he was very impressed in viewing "mother-ship" being able to control smaller individual flying craft from the sun as they emerged from about the same place and traveled over and back in an apparently disciplined manner and never got so far away but that they could be called back. He stated that he was confident that these individual craft were not conventional aircraft nor necessarily under the control of earthmen, because the manner in which they appeared and disappeared was so different from conventional aircraft. He stated that the objects moved at an unbelievable speed and without sound. He advised that some of these same objects have been reported in his area. He said he was somewhat baffled as he could not place them in any normal pattern of earthly occurances and that he was sure the described ability could not be matched by any known human craft or propulsion.

On 30 May 1952, Counselor, Texas, was interviewed and stated that on 20 April 1952, while observing something in the sky, he noticed several smaller objects come out from a larger, white, circular object. He said the smaller objects moved very rapidly over and across the sky in what appeared to be a controlled, disciplined manner. He stated the larger object appeared to control the smaller ones. He further stated that these objects are frequently observed in his area, but indicated he was unable to offer any plausible explanation for what he had observed.

CONFIDENTIAL
SECURITY INFORMATION