The page does not contain any photographs.

The extracted text from the document is as follows:

```
HEADQUARTERS
35TH AIR DIVISION (DEF) "S
Dobbins Air Force Base
Marietta, Georgia

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

1. A brief description of the object (s): A bright clear transparent object. good sized smoke screen trailing. Flying at an altitude of about two (2) to three (3) thousand feet above the terrain. Traveling not much faster than a transport plane.

a. Shape: Round

b. Size (compare with known object):
Unknown

c. Color: Transparent

d. Number: One

e. Formation (if more than one): None

f. Trail (of smoke) or exhaust: Yes (Smoke)

g. Propulsion system: Unknown

h. Speed: That of a transport plane

i. Sound:

j. Maneuvers: Straight flight. Appeared to head or crab into the wind.

k. Manner of disappearance: Flew out of sight

2. Time of sighting: 2052
1705 EST
a. Length of time observed:

3. Manner of observation (visual or etc): Visual

4. Location of observer: Looking away from the sun, Morristown, Tennessee
Joseph (Civatr?)

a. Location of object(s) in relation to observer: Directly Overhead.

b. Direction of objects flight; South.

5. Identifying information of observer(s) and witness (es) estimates of reliability and experience, and any factors bearing on estimated reliability of the sighting: Approximately 100 to 150 people coming out of a factory sighted this object. Reliability unknown. One plant manager stated it might be a "Jet-plane". He declined to state positively due to fact that he wears glasses.

6. Winds aloft and general weather conditions:
Cl. sky Winds Unknown.

7. Existence of any physical evidence, such as fragments, photographs or like of the sighting: None.

8. Location of any air traffic in the general area at the time of sightings: Unknown.

9. Name(s), addresse(s) and phone number(s) of observer(s) and/or witnesses to sightings: Mr. ___ is publisher of the Morristown Sun, Phone 566 Connected with Civil Defense.

10. Additional pertinent information:
```
