There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to contain typed text which I will attempt to reproduce.

```
AF366165

                                          STATEMENT

Personally appeared before me, the undersigned, authorized to
administer oaths in cases of this nature, Captain
3998th Technical Training Squadron, 3303A Technical Train-
ing Group, Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi, and upon being warned
of his rights under the 31st Article, Uniform Code of Military Justice,
and upon being duly sworn according to law, made the following volun-
tarily sworn statement:

"At approximately 2335 hours CST, 30 July 1952, Technical Sergeant
                     the undersigned located an unusual blip (target) on
the PPI scope of the CPS-5 radar set, located at Keesler Air Force Base.
The target was first sighted at an azimuth of 335°, approximately
forty-three (43) miles from the site of the radar set. The target moved
very slowly south for approximately two (2) minutes, moving only a mile
or so; it then stopped for a period of four (4) minutes; it than began a
very slow movement north for three (3) minutes, stopped for two (2) min-
utes and disappeared. Approximately three (3) minutes later, it reap-
peared and began moving at a more rapid pace north and at fifty (50) miles
from our site, the target disappeared completely. The estimated speed
of the target was forty (40) to forty-five (45) miles per hour.

"During the observation at 2400 hours CST, the undersigned requested
the two tower operators to scan the azimuth of 330° to 340° with binocu-
lars to ascertain if they could sight any object or lights, moving or
stationary. Only one star was sighted.

"A query was made by the undersigned to the Base Weather Forecaster;
these records indicated that a temperature inversion was existent over
the area in which the target (blip) was sighted. Further study of these
position of the track on TAC 167 revealed a railroad track and highway in
line with the position of the target.

"In view of the above findings, it is the opinion of the undersigned
that the object sighted (on the radar scope only) was some ground vehicle
and the unusual pick up was caused by the prevailing atmospheric condi-
tions.

"It is recommended that the Illinois Central Railroad be contacted
to ascertain if any trains operated in the vicinity of Keesler and
```

Please note that the document image is not completely clear, so minor inaccuracies may exist in the reproduced text.