[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

Dispatch/Reference                                11-7-52                    5              7

1315t - Thousand Airport, Marcus Colarmet Airport and Ft. Belvo were contacted
for information on any flight which night not have been officially
reported. All three called back all flight plans had been submitted.

1323t - Coco Cola Tower was contacted and they reported the light aircraft was in
sight on the Colan Airport.

1325t - Yellow Alert was called

1327t - A F-47 taking off at Allbrook Air Force Base was requested to proceed to
the last target position to investigated the unidentified object.

1330t - AAC reported that AAA had made two visual sightings. Unable to verify.

1900t - Targets confirmed to be plotted and F-47 and two T-29's were vectored to
target area. Targets had been plotted. Two visual sightings were made
from the site.

2345 [?]
1110t - Last un-identified object was plotted.

2051 - Yellow Alert terminated.

Major James J. CASLE, [illegible], Commanding Officer of the 597 [illegible] Flight
with duty at France AFB reported the following:

At approximately 2130t Major Casle received a phone call from Coco Cola at-
vising him that the unidentified objects were in the France AFB area. Major Casle
walked outside his room and immediately sighted a light moving across his
line of vision from east to west. The light was yellow in color, diving at approximately
a 45 degree angle to a south or east. The objects and targets on both the P-3 completely
eliminated and apparently the shape and size of an aircraft fuselage. All single was
estimated at 3000 feet. The light disappeared to the west in about three (3) seconds
time. Major Casle stated that he was quite sure the light could not have been a
reflection from a beacon or any similar light since he remained in the same position
for some time looking up to the 1 and immediately what he could have been. "Faint stars from
the light was noted. There were scattered clouds at the time with visibility
unlimited.

Another reported at the Detachment 11, 6th Weather Conn station at Allbrook
AFB for the period to as follows:

[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

[DOWNGRADED]
[AT 12-YEAR RULE]

[illegible redaction boxes at bottom]