The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

OCR TEXT:

JAPAN
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Unidentified Flying Object
Ohshima area, Hokariu, Japan
7 June 1952
SUMMARY: On 30 May 1952, at about 1300 hours local time, a pilot and co-pilot, members of the 61st Troop Carrier Squadron, Hickam AFB, T.H., observed an unidentified aerial object near the island of Ohshima, Japan, approximately 34 degrees 15 minutes N and 139 degrees 30 minutes E.
DETAILS: The pilot and co-pilot, while en route from Tachikawa, Japan to Hachijojima, observed a bright metallic-like object that was round in shape and motionless at an altitude estimated between 19,000 and 20,000 feet. The object was observed between 1900 and 1930 hours that date.
The co-pilot and engineer, observing object from five to seven minutes, agree that object disappeared rapidly to the west, that no exhaust flames were visible, no means of propulsion ascertainable, and that object was unfamiliar and dissimilar to any known to them.
The three observers estimate the object was at approx 10,000 to 20,000 feet altitude.
Co-pilot and engineer agree that object was not a cloud, nor a balloon; agree on all points.
Pilot minimizes entire incident, stating that in his opinion object was merely an unusual-appearing dark, round and glowing object observed from other cloud formations in area and that, therefore, no identification action was taken.
Pilot, 1st Lt. Arlande, 27 yrs. of age, has 1,929 flying hrs., states he frequently encounters similar cloud formations and is not easily impressed or unduly excited by reports concerning unidentified flying objects. (Intel. Officer's opinion that pilot unduly critical and for not having taken prompt reporting action upon returning to base.)
Intel Officer believes report significant since the two crew members who observed object impressive length of time conversed object not cloud nor balloon.
APPROVED:
/s/ John J. Zingerii
/s/ JOHN J. ZINGERII 
Captain, USAF
Assistant

(absence of Intel O.)