There is no photograph present in this image. The image is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 4

T33's that were flying in the immediate vicinity of the observers. To have such apparent motion the official balloon would have to be considerable height, and even then could hardly have flown directly against a surface wind of 25 miles per hour.

Proper interrogation by competent persons at the time might have cleared up the situation. As it is, the only logical evaluation is "unidentified".

6. 12 June 1952, Ft. Smith, Arkansas. 

Agrees with present evaluation. "unidentified", and stated action as described can have a rational explanation if these were sun/moon reflections changing in the distance whose exact location, size, and altitude could not be determined at the time the jet might be brilliantly reflecting it. It would appear odd that a lieutenant colonel and a major both observing with binoculars for 10 to 15 minutes would not have identified a high-flying jet in that interval of time. There would have been very high flying jets in 1952? There would have been better better following up on this case also.

7. 13 June 1952, Middletown, Pennsylvania

I give this single-witness case a "23" C.I. The witness had the good sense to hold a pen up and judge the size of the object to the pen, and he knew that the object was larger by a factor of two, than the full. This means that the object was approximately twice the size of the pen at arm's length. This would indicate the object was of appreciable size. This could have been a balloon on its way down. No upward motion was detected, only downward and horizontal. Although the man had optical instruments, he did not see any structure or further details through the telescope. This means the object may well have been a distant shape or silhouette and probably much farther away than the man thought.

8. 23 June 1952, Iowa.
I do not have in my files.

9. 24/27 June 1952, Michigan. 
I do not have in my files.