The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

At 2330 on the night of 28 August 1952, my wife went to the back door to latch the screen. She called me and I went over to the door. In the south-southwest (220) degrees she seemed to have a bright glow or light near the horizon. There were clouds but clear atmosphere. The object was a fire-engine red, and shich told on and off, but remained quite stationary. It would wave back and forth and twice a couple of beeps and disappear and reappear on to the west, which is about a bright star or planet. We calculated it as between seven and ten miles away, almost directly over the pro-shop. It seemed a rather bright star. We did not make any noise. Later two smaller ones appeared almost together but this could be due to the moonlight. Finally the object seemed to disappear. We watched this in a southwest direction that appeared just over 8 hours ago but it didn't move in a constant motion. It would stay on a while and then go off and then come on again. It seemed bright to us and by the time it disappeared it was just a little glow. I then I went downstairs and went out the front porch. It was then I saw another object. It was not as bright as the first two but was also moving in a southerly direction. The one Mr. Robinson saw was in the west. The first two that we saw were almost directly overhead.

I made a statement that it looked like it was shining through the clouds, but the clouds seemed to be a little bit closer. Didn't see any other things in the sky except the two bright objects that appeared and then disappeared almost like going behind a cloud but it clouds didn't look black enough to hide an object that big.

I thought when I first saw them they were stars or planets. Then I realized that stars didn't do like that. I have seen them off and on. The 2 July 1952 the 24th my wife and I were going to go to the field before, but they would disappear.

Chickasaw, Alabama