DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO. [illegible]

SUBJECT
Report of the FOD and OD #1

TO
ATIC

FROM
EMAOS

DATE 24 July 1952
COMMENT NO. 1
CMO Defandel/pwr
57220/FLO/tm117

The following is for your information and/or necessary action from the report of the FOD and OD #1 for the period beginning 0330 23 July to 0330 24 July 1952.

2005 - Received a call from Springfield, Ohio from [redacted] field employee field phone number [redacted]. Springfield number is [redacted], who lives in the east end of Springfield. He had some special 20 power Ack Ack glasses set up in his yard and he observed three dots in the air just a few minutes ago. He looked through the glasses and southeast of the three dots was another dot of amber shade. The amber dot was trailing a two or three mile stream of fire and smoke. In five minutes the other dot and stream of fire was gone (but the dots are still there). This is all directly southeast of the east end of Springfield. (OD attempted to report this to 6th100 but line was busy at this time).

2010 - A Sgt [redacted] from Springfield, telephone number 25019 called to say that due east of the Municipal Airport of Springfield there is something strange in the sky and that there was two planes cooling around it. (6th100 was still busy and the field operator said the Flying Objects Project Office of ATIC was swamped with calls on this matter).

2015 - Finally contacted Maj Whedon at 6th100 and reported the above to him. It was learned that the 97th Fighter had scrambled some of its planes and they were investigating the incident. Maj Whedon requested that the above information be forwarded to his office in the morning.

2055 - Major [illegible], Base Controllers Office, called in to report that while he was at the scout camp near Yellow Springs, Ohio that at almost dark, he witnessed three lights that were pretty high above the Springfield Municipal Airport and that he had field glasses with him and got a pretty good look at them. The lights appeared to be joined together and were in a vertical position rather than in a horizontal line. He said that there was two jets there that appeared to be investigating but that the lights appeared to get higher and move away from the jets.

2215 - The Morning Star from Springfield called and requested information about what the jets discovered in their chase of the flying objects. They were told that no information had been released and suggested to them that they call 6th100 for any released details. Then they informed this office that television station WTV-F in Columbus had put their cameras on the objects since they were clear in Columbus and transmitted them over television to their viewing audience.

[signed: illegible]
CAPT. E. DEFANDEL, CMO, USAF
Asst Air Adjutant

cc: EMI

DD FORM 96 [REPLACES HMF FORM 96, 1 OCT 46, WHICH MAY BE USED.]