The image contains a detailed illustration that appears to depict the movement and trajectory of a "flying saucer" or unidentified aerial phenomenon. The illustration shows various labeled elements such as "A", "B", "C", and a set of elliptical disks or shapes arranged in a specific pattern. There is no photographic image present in this document page.

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 95--THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

Three including: First Officer William E. Nash and Second Officer William H. Fortenberry. As a pilot spending much of his life in the air, Captain Nash had long been interested in the question of UFOs, and during the long night hours of over-water flights he had often seen the phenomena that he now felt to match the description. In five separate displays, various types of aerial phenomena appeared - strange lights, clusters of lights, blunted discs, and the multi-colored images of discs and oblique spheres. As a pilot, he had never seen any unidentifiable aerial phenomenon that appeared to be under intelligent control--until this particular night, when he was not watching for UFOs.

Shortly after 5 p.m. E.S.T. the plane was cruising on automatic pilot at about 5,000 feet over Chesapeake Bay, and approaching Norfolk, Virginia. The sun had set and the night was almost entirely dark except for a few dim lights on the ground. Fortenberry, sitting at the right as copilot, was staring intently at the dash instruments, and Nash, in the pilot's seat at the left, was studying out the city lights and landmarks of the route. Nash had just called attention to the Lights of Newport News and Cumberland, ahead and to the right of the plane, when at 8:12 a brilliant red glow suddenly appeared in the sky, apparently between Newport News and the aircraft, and so low that it might almost have been on the ground. One of our many incredible witnesses on first seeing a UFO. "What the hell is that?" Looking through the front windows of the cockpit, they watched two series of brilliant multi-colored lights performing horizontal course changes roughly a mile below the plane. Almost disturbingly, they perceived that the unknown was actually a procession of six red-orange lights, glowing like hot coals. Shooting forward like a stream of red tracer bullets, the line of lights moved out over Chesapeake Bay until they were only about half a mile away from the plane. They appeared to be sharply defined, large, circular disks, arranged in a narrow echelon formation-like a set of stairs tilted slightly to the plane's right, with the leader at the lowest step, each following disk slightly higher and to the rear, and the last disk at the highest point (see Figure 17). Realizing that the line was traveling away from them at a terrific speed, they radioed that the line was receding rapidly.