The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED

FILL b Services, LTD.
3500 Fleetwood Stravz. S. W.
Washington 25, D. C.

1. This Office has undetected a flying object seen over Indiana on 7/7/52. The flying object was approximately circular in shape, silver in color, and appeared to be about 25 to 30 feet in diameter. It was observed over a period of about 15 seconds by 4 witnesses, and the altitude was variously estimated 7,000 to 10,000 feet, coming apparently from the Southeast and travelling in a Northeast direction at a high rate of speed.

2. Records, as received by intelligence-observations flight report center, follow: 
Indiana, Gas station having 4 witnesses reporting to have observed a flying object circle over them from Southeast to Northeast at high speed for about 15 seconds until disappearing. (Not identified)

3. Witnesses consisted of 4 gasoline station attendants who saw the object for approximately 15 seconds, describing it as circular in shape, silver in color, and 25 to 30 feet in diameter. The object was flying level at an estimated 7,000 to 10,000 feet and appeared to be traveling at a very high rate of speed towards the Northeast.

6. Captain, A. W. Johnson, Public Relations Officer of American Airlines at Indianapolis Municipal Airport, stated that no American Airlines planes were in that vicinity at the time reported. No explanations could be made to account for this sighting.

Flight 330 American Airlines plane was approaching Chicago from the East about 60 miles north of Indianapolis at the time and was the only plane in the vicinity of the sighting that could possibly have been mistaken for the flying object. However, Captain Johnson stated emphatically that the flight time and direction of this plane could not account for the sighting as described.

Possible explanation: An unidentified flying object with the above described characteristics was seen by 4 gasoline station attendants in the indicated area and at the time specified. The object did not conform to any known type of aircraft and remains unexplained. Estimated number of people who saw the object: 4. Time object was in sight: approximately 15 seconds.

UNCLASSIFIED