There are no photographs present on the document page provided.

---

HEADQUARTERS
35TH AIR DIVISION (DEFENSE)
Dobbins Air Force Base
Marietta, Georgia

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

1. A brief description of the object (s): A round clear transparent object good sized smoke screen trailing. Flying at an altitude of about two (2) to three (3) thousand feet above the terrain. Traveling not much faster than a transport plane.
 
 a. Shape: Round

 b. Size (compare with known object):
  Unknown 

 c. Color: Transparent

 d. Number: One

 e. Formation (if more than one): None

 f. Trail (of smoke) or exhaust: Yes (Smoke)

 g. Propulsion systems: Unknown

 h. Speed: That of a transport plane

 i. Sound:  ------

 j. Maneuver Straight flight. Appeared to head or crab into the wind.

k. Manner of disappearance: Flew out of sight

2. Time of sighting: 2054

a. Length of time observed:  ----

3. Manner of observation (visual or etc): Visual

4. Location of observer: Looking away from the sun. Morristown, Tennessee. 
    East 

a. Location of object(s) in relation to observer:
  Directly Overhead.

b. Direction of object's flight: North

5. Identifying information of observer(s) and witness (es) estimate of reliability and experience, and any factors bearing on estimated reliability of the sightings approximately 100 to 150 people coming out of a factory watch it 3 objects. Initial reliability unknown. One plant manager stated it might be a "Weather balloon". He declined to state positively due to fact that he wears glasses. 

6. Winds aloft and general weather conditions: Clear winds unknown.

7. Existence of any physical evidence, such as fragments, photographs etc. like of the sightings: None

8. Location of any air traffic in the general area at the time of sighting: Unknown. 

9. Name(s), address(es) and phone number(s) of observer(s) and/or witnesses to sighting(s): Publisher of the Morristown Sun, Phone 658 Connected with Civil Defense. 

10. Additional pertinent information: 

---
