There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
51st TAC OP GP (H)
15th AP CAY SQ (K)

APO 704

IR-4-52

STATEMENT

"At 1835, 3D May 1952, we took off from Tachikawe Air Base on a Troop Carrier flight on course 150 degrees to climb on course 250 degrees to 30,000 ft. We climbed on course and after reaching about 30,000 ft we sighted an object, which appeared to be a rate of about 130 degrees per second, traveling NE to SW, at a rate of about 3 to 500 knots."

"From time to time after take-off and after climbing a few minutes I glanced toward the west observing the effect of the sunlight on the cloud formations. Suddenly I noticed a flash of light which appeared to be a reflection from a metallic object proceeding at an extremely rapid rate, climbing or descending rapidly from the clouds. After watching this for about one minute, I noted that my watch read 1242." 

"It cannot be determined whether it was a rocket or a helicopter as I did not see the object clearly enough to differentiate."

"The action indicated to the commander, the engineer and navigater, who was not on the rear but was in the navigator's comportment, to the object. They also observed it but only once at the object. The engineer looked & he could not identify the object and said that it was not a cloud. The object was small and gave the impression of being metallic, but it vanished from sight immediately."

"It disappeared from sight at 1242. It appeared on the horizon and grew rapidly in size until it suddenly disappeared from view. The action was perfectly motionless from the time I first saw it at 1207 hours until 1242, when it moved very rapidly and was out of sight at 1244."

"It gained in size on my range of vision and traveled in an easterly direction on a heading & straight line and horizontally. I watched it until it became a mere speck and disappeared from view."

"I noticed another G-54 during the time I was watching the object. It was an aircraft at a position slightly to the NW of the object, doing a holding pattern, and appeared to be the horizon of our aircraft. The sky to the west was pink and the sun was not glaring. I did not observe any flame or vapor trails around the object at any time. I am positive that the object was not a searchlight, cloud or any other atmospheric phenomena. It did not seem to be made up off the usual type of airplane or helicopter."

"I can only guess at the attitude and distance of the object. I estimate it was about 25-30 miles west of my position and at an attitude of 10,000-15,000 feet altitude."

"Captain William D. Lutz, Jr. 1st LT. USAF Pilot Air Int Memo APR 11 1952"