There is no photograph present on this page. 

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Wing Intelligence, Moody AFB, Ga. IR-47-52 2 3 

1. According to the SOURCE, at approximately 2320 hours to 2323 hours on 
23 July 1952, he observed one (1) unusual flying object which was round in shape 
and appeared to be a bright light. He estimated the size of the object to be 
approximately three and one half (3 1/2) feet in diameter. The object was yellowish-
white in color and maintained the same color throughout the entire period of the 
sighting. Only one (l) object was observed. The SOURCE could not determine the 
aerodynamic features of the object. No trail or exhaust was observed and the 
propulsion system could not be determined. SOURCE stated during the first inter-
view that the speed of the object was approximately fifty (50) miles per hour. 
During the second interview he stated the speed of the object was about one 
hundred (100) miles per hour. No sound was heard coming from the object. SOURCE 
observed the object in a northeast direction at an altitude of about one (1) mile. 
The distance was estimated to be one (l) mile. The object traveled for about 
one (1) minute in a direct course toward the point of observation. Approximately 
one quarter (1/4) of a mile away from SOURCE and at an altitude of about two hundred 
(200) yards, the object ceased to travel abruptly and came to a very complete 
standstill for about one (l) minute. The object then rose in a vertical position 
at an extremely high speed for one (1) minute and disappeared. The color of the 
object faded as it disappeared. No other unusual features were observed by the 
SOURCE.

2. The above sighting was observed from approximately 2320 hours to 2323 
hours (three (3) minutes) on 23 July 1952.

3. SOURCE observed the object visually. 

4. Point of observation was approximately ten (10) feet directly in front 
of Aqua System No. 5, Moody AFB, Ga. The coordinates of Moody Air Force Base 
are as follows: Latitude: 30 58 N and Longitude: 83 09 W. The SOURCE estimated 
the distance of the object to be approximately one (1) mile and then one quarter 
(1/4) of a mile respectively approaching from a northeast direction and traveling 
in a southwest direction at an altitude of one (1) mile and two hundred (200) 
yards respectively.

5. The SOURCE is not a high school graduate. SOURCE is a graduate of the 
Air Force Air Police School. The SOURCE could not offer any additional information 
pertaining to his background knowledge and practical experience on which his 
reliability can be judged.

6. A check with the Moody Air Force Base Weather Station confirmed the 
weather conditions existing at the time of the sighting to be ceiling and visibili-
ity unlimited; winds aloft conditions unknown.

7. Negative.

8. Negative.

9. Negative.

10. Confirmation was received from a AACS Detachment stationed on this base 
that no aircraft based on this airfield were airborne in the general area of the 
sighting.
```