There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
ATIL OFFICE, D/t FSAF IR-35-52 PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES

STATEMENT
The undersigned officer reported for work at Sta #1, dt 23159F, 5 August 1952. Controller being relieved informed me of an unusual sighting reported to him by Antenna Operator. This was reported to me as being a lighted object hovering NE of Haneda. After discussion with ADDC controller, it was decided that an OCR should be germinated.
At the time of scramble, I had what was believed to be the object in radar contact. The target as picked up indicated the object to be due south of this station over Tokyo Bay and approximately eight (8) miles NE of Haneda. The target was at a slight angle below horizon at the time.
The F-94 reported in airborne at GOKU, 5 August 1952, the call sign was Sun Dial 20. Sun Dial 20 was vectored to the object and maintain 5,000 feet as the time. I had negative radar contact with the target. Sun Dial 20 reported sighting and visual contact with the object but could not identify it due to the unusual occurrences. The object was again sighted by radar at GOLI7I on a star-board circuit in the same area as before. Sun Dial 20 was vectored to the target. He reported contact at 00251 and reported looking contact at 00256. Sun Dial 20 followed the target into the ground and no contact was made any longer.
Both target were using GYRO, reporting evasive and rapid maneuvers. This again resumed his visual search. ADOC controller during and following occurrence was unable to give any further assistance. All the above information was reported to ADOC controller during and following the incident.
Members of my crew were outside at reported time of above occurrences and were unable to sight anything unusual. All of the above information was reported to ADOC Controller during and following the incident.
Type radar used at this station is AN/CPS-1 and AN/CPS-H. Both pieces of equipment appeared to be functioning normally. Slight information was unavailable due to nearness of target to our clutter area.

/s/ Henry E. Albert 
HENRY E. ALBERT
1st Lt., USAF