The page contains no photograph. 

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
Major Hector Quintanilla 
July 14, 1966
Page Two

UFO's overtake the westbound B-36, and he held them under observation as the aircraft passed overhead until the objects departed. His recollection, as of today, was that his line of sight to the B-36 at the time the UFO's moved into position was at an angle of elevation of about 50 degrees (estimated uncertainty about 5-10 degrees); and the UFO's departed when the line of sight to the aircraft was about the same angle above the western horizon. The aircraft was almost due east of the base when the objects joined it, and it lay due west when they departed. Its heading was almost due west during the entire period of observation. (In an earlier conversation, estimated the total time of observation at perhaps 3 minutes. The latter time would be a bit more compatible with an estimated flight altitude of 20,000 ft and the estimated angles of line of sight. But every one of these estimates is based on recollections of an event 14 years old, so perhaps all that is now warranted is the conclusion that the UFO's paced the B-36 for "several minutes." The latter time is compatible with the fact that all of the crew, save the pilot, were able to get back to the starboard blister to see the UFO before it left.)

As he sketched the relative positions, recalled an important detail. The UFO near the aircraft was at a level distinctly lower than the mid-section of the fuselage (see sketch). He recalled that the crew described looking somewhat down upon it, and the blister itself is below mid-section. This may explain why there was no marked aerodynamic disturbance of the aircraft's flight characteristics, one of the very puzzling features of the incident.

’s enclosed account does not directly state it, but he has mentioned to me that the B-36 crew was a bit shaken by this experience. He pointed out to me that, after the UFO's departed, the B-36 radioed Davis-Monthan control tower and demanded permission to land immediately. It was just after they landed that Operations called him over to interrogate the crew.

has related to me a number of other UFO cases which he investigated in the early 1950's in the Southwest. I regret that our search of the Bluebook files during my June 7-8 visit did not turn up the one at Sequoia National Park where the ranger and his wife were driving in a jeep when overtaken by a disc-shaped UFO. said the rush of air bent treetops, blew the ranger's hat off, and left the ranger with the impression that it had even rocked the jeep. This would be a good case study. If you ever run across it, I'd like to know of
```