There is no photograph present in this document. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

BURNED BY A FLYING SAUCER (Continued from page 7)

in advance that there were some details he would withhold. "I'm not here to challenge." He had run into the woods with his lantern and matches, he said, leaving the boys by the car. "I went about 200 yards," he said, "Flames leaped up to 12 to 20 feet across and quicksand. When the thick palmetto growth stops snapping, you can slip into anything. When I realized I was in danger, I kept my eyes on the ground. I walked about 20 feet into the clearing and stopped."

He looked at me. "It was a funny thing. I had the feeling I wasn't there. Nothing to account for it. Just a feeling I had," he went on. "Whatever came to pass seemed to happen to somebody else, quite sufferable not."

He paused for a moment, then: "I looked up at the stars. Darned funny... It was black up there. Then about four stars a shining my lantern, never seen before. About four those were the only thing in sight. As I looked at them, I didn't look toward the surface, it couldn't have been more than a few seconds, I stood looking. But if I was all so close, there would have been no stars north to south and there were no scars."

"I could have touched it with the machete. My whole body light-rayed up with color. I see that yet. If it hadn't been for this thing, whatever you want to call it, I'd have been very close to the outer rim of the flying because, when I hurriedly backed off, it was in the open and the thing seemed to be backing off from me at the same time. Like it sensed something..."

He stopped again, groping for some way to go on.

"Do you remember that original story? "Do you see someone?" I asked.

"He thought about that. "Yes," he said, "I saw someone."

"What flying creature?" I nodded slowly.

"Would he describe what it looked like?" No, he said emphatically, that was one of the things he couldn't talk about. People would think - well, he was taking an almost religious belief in secrecy. 

"I saw it when an opening suddenly appeared in the dome," he said. It was like a ball of fire drifted toward me from the opening. It's hard to describe... it was seemed to float toward me and develop me and a stretch filled my nostrils and throat. I knew something strange and terrifying had happened to me."

He sat there, his story ended. I made some small talk about the bird and the gasoline. It wanted to leave, so Sonny's wife (who had left the car during our interview) came back to the car. And though he said something I could not understand to her, believed. His desperate, unspoken plea for my faith.

Sonny has himself admitted that he was bright and symbolic of all the mystery of the future. Sonny's wife, I thought, what a strange and the supporting testimony of both would restore my faith in the integrity of all three - Deveres, Bobby and Sonny.