The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

Subject: Report of Facts Concerning Unidentified Objects Sighted in the Vicinity of Kirtland Air Force Base on 29 July 1952

1. The 29th Air Division Defense, attached this station. Mr. was the only 1952 was and a that these USCO and AFCO were in the 29th Air DiFision; a detail they verified the 5 July of their on flight of the vicinity of Kirtland. As to these 3 officers, Mrs. Montana. Mr. were there ill, and flying pictures of the objects in question. 

2. Both the and white were tracks in the sky. they were called the Officers of the 29th Air Division. 1200 this 2 of
vehicles
to contact he sighted the flying objects. He stretched the United this window-covered other observation: 29th Air Division and Major McCarthy, is a officer, would have to report theI of his sighting incident with AF to instruct Headquarters 29th Air Division with AF Letter 200-5.

3. As the sighting was clear with and visibility (Excellent 5),
of the identification of air these was clear.

6. The Intelligence Officer of the 29th Air Division Defense, an accurate he the 3 objects were with the GCI radar.

7. Additional information regarding unidentified flying objects was received by this headquarters on 5 August 1952. This information concerned several incidents in Montana, including Great Falls and Bynum, where these objects were sighted. At this time they observed these objects were dark in color with a metallic luster, elliptical in shape, and very high speed and maneuverability. This object was 12:03 with a strange blinking light at the front traveling at an extremely high rate of speed. This object was approximately 4 miles off distance and bright enough to blind the initial observer momentarily. These objects appeared to be approximately 60 to 90 feet in diameter and were observed by many reliable witnesses, pilots, and control tower operators.