The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph visible in this particular page. 

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
5. Since there was so much interest shown in the film by the press, this Command decided to make the photographs public to avoid having the press speculate as to what they were. We could not allow the general public to think that the Marine Corps had 20 very spectacular pictures.

During the afternoon of 20 July 1952, the Press Aide newspaper, the Herald and the Daily News, made calls requesting prints of the object which had been taken by the Public Information Officer of the Marine Corps Air Station that this Command had no knowledge of. The photographer, a Private First Class Marine had merely taken a few snapshots at the scene during the off-duty hours of the photographers. They were merely released in the public interest.

2. Captain Norval R. SMITH Jr., called the Public Information Officer and asked whether or not this Command had any statement to make that they might use. He was told that the Command had no statement to make and that they would wait until the Public Information Officer received the prints from the photographers, at which time they would call them back to seek any information or copies of the films. SMITH apparently did not receive any information or copies of the films, as he made no further contact.

3. During the afternoon of 20 July 1952, Captain John MC CASH, Public Information Officer of the Marine Corps Air Station, received a telephone call from Lieutenant NEVIL.L.E Intelligence Officer in this area. Lt. NEVILLE stated that he had been contacted by the District Intelligence Officer of the SIXTH Naval District, for evaluation. 

9. In the afternoon of 21 July 1952, a telephone call was made to the Officer of Public Information, Marine Corps Air Station, Corpus Christi, Texas, advising him of this incident. CAPT. JAMES, PIO at that station, stated that they had no knowledge of the incident and that no photographs had been taken at their station.