There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a textual report on a UFO sighting that occurred on July 14, 1952 in Chesapeake Bay, Virginia.

The text of the document is as follows:

UFO SIGHTING
CHESAPEAKE BAY, VIRGINIA
14 July 1952

A DC-4-type aircraft, piloted by 2 airline pilots, was approaching Norfolk, Virginia at approximately 2:30 p.m. EST on 14 July 1952. The aircraft was at an altitude of 6,000 feet. Just as the aircraft was about 60 deg. to the right, two objects were first sighted approaching a/c on heading about 60 deg. at approximately 2,000'. 
When objects reached a slight to right of a/c, one of the observers saw them roll up on edge and instantly shoot off on a heading 270 deg. After this display of maneuvering, the two more objects appeared from behind and joined formation. Speed of these objects was estimated at well over 1,000 mph. Their display of directional changes, stops and starts was astounding. Close-in color (brilliant on (side) brilliant and pulsating. They appeared perfectly circular. They approached the DC-4 in narrow echelon, and appeared to decelerate before changing direction. Within milliseconds, a dimming of glow was noted; immediately after changing direction and flashing out, a sudden re-intensifying occurred. This re-intensifying occurred on two occasions. Their glow was extinguished again; this time in sequence rather than simultaneously, and they were lost from view. Sighting commenced at 2012 EST on 14 July 1952. Total duration of sighting was 15 seconds.

Air Force Comments: Five jet a/c were in the vicinity of Langley AFB at the time of observation. After thorough checks with surrounding Air Force channels it was concluded that the 5 jet a/c. Other checks for known airborne objects were made with negative results.
Air Force Conclusion: Unidentified.

The sighting is one of the so called "classics." This sighting has been included in the books of Edward J. Ruppelt, THE REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS, Doubleday; Keyhoe: FLYING SAUCERS, Doubleday; and Donald H Menzel and Lyle G. Boyd, THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS, Doubleday.