There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Text Output:
```
-20-

Field told me that on the morning of July 20th, which was a
week from last Saturday, he picked up an object three miles
north of Riverdale and he was in intercom communication with
CAA and they exchanged information and CAA also had a blip
three miles north of Riverdale and on both radars the same
blip remained for about thirty seconds and simultaneously
disappeared from both sets. Now --

                    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, their definition of
simultaneous, yes. But some people won't be satisfied that
that is simultaneously. 

                    THE PRESS: Well, it is pretty damned simultaneous
(laughter) for all purposes, it is satisfied by the inversion
theory, Captain.

                    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I'm talking about the
split-second people who want to say you've got to prove now
that this happened at such-and-such a time and they'll say
your observations are delayed by half a second; therefore,
you can't say it was simultaneous.

                    THE PRESS: And does your inversion theory explain
away that situation? 

                    CAPTAIN JAMES: It possibly could, yes.

                    THE PRESS: It possibly could, but could it?

                    CAPTAIN JAMES: We don't have the details.

                    THE PRESS: Is there any reason why it couldn't

                    THE PRESS: General, can we get this clarified?

                    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I believe -- I'm trying to
let this gentleman ask a question. Excuse me.
                    
                    THE PRESS: Isn't it true, sir, that these show a
definite grouping, the sightings around atomic bomb plants or
areas? Doesn't your map at Wright Field show that?

                    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I find no more pattern in
this dispersal of sightings than I do in a radar screen. You
can perhaps take distribution of sightings and say that you 
arrange it this way and you take this group during this period 
and that gives you a dispersal that may have some significance 
in it. But I'd like to have Captain Ruppelt develop that
```