There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a case summary and text describing an observation of six yellow-orange objects flying over Toledo, Ohio on October 23, 1952. The text describes the observers, their location, the movement and appearance of the objects, and the preliminary evaluation by ATIC-5.

CASE SUMMARY
July 1953

On 23 October 52, six yellow-orange objects were observed flying due South by 3 observers (two civilians and one airman). The observers were riding in an automobile, heading West on US Route #20, and were approximately 10 miles West of Toledo, Ohio when they sighted the objects. They stopped the car, got out and looked more closely at the objects, which appeared to be standing still. The objects then started to move, flying due South (directly over the heads of the observers) from horizon to horizon. Time of observation was 1830 hours EST or 2330 Zebra time. According to the reporting observer, who took a series of five color slides of the objects, there was no sound, the edges of the objects appeared "fuzzy" and when moving they seemed to be trailing fire. When first observed and after they appeared to be moving, the objects were in one large "V" formation, but later changed into two "V" formations of three objects each. TOTAL TIME OF THE OBSERVATION WAS ESTIMATED AT 15 MINUTES. (Note: The observer who took the pictures was departing on his honeymoon with his bride and a service buddy. The service man, an airman, was returning to his base after a leave. In lieu of his honeymoon trip, the observer had taken a camera with him which was loaded with a roll of 35mm Ansco color film.)

PRELIMINARY EVALUATION BY ATIC-5
On 19 July 1955, all 5 slides were reviewed by Col Johnston, Capt Hardin, Maj Andrews, W/O West, Capt Gilroy and Sgt Drepperd. It was agreed that the objects in question closely resembled condensed or short vapor trails from high flying jet aircraft which occurs infrequently under certain atmospheric conditions.