- 4 -

Ca pt. [redacted]                                                February 14, 1962

tend to disperse their. And so, if you are proposing this as an alternative
suggestion, I reject it, at least in the form you have suggested, because it
is inconsistent with Maxwell's laws of electricity and magnetism.

Thank you for the details of your sighting. I have not had a chance to
plot them on a diagram or re-analyse them.

What confuses me a trifle is your statement that the western horizon
was completely dark. My own calculations, which probably I should recheck,
showed that the sun set at 19 hours and 21 minutes local time. Your sighting
is listed at 20:12 MST, which corresponds to 21:12 local time. Thus, the
sighting was 45 minutes after sunset. The sky should have still had considerable brightness unless there were heavy obscuring clouds low on the western
horizon. The theoretical end of twilight is 21:12.

You have stated the reason for believing the non-terrestrial UFO
explanation. I agree with Haldane and Einstein. But I also think that mystery,
like charity, begins at home. There are still plenty of mysterious terrestrial
phenomena and I am simply citing my premise that I consider those much
more likely than a mysterious non-terrestrial phenomena. I am aware of
the studies of radiobiology. In my opinion, it is much further from some of
these bacterial organisms to man than it was from inert matter to the microbes.
You refer to detection by other senses. I am aware of a few cases where hearing is involved. But the only cases where small was reported, such as the
Florida occurrently, smelled worse than the reported saucer.

With reference to your final question, there is nothing to support the
claim made in the 1948 New York Times that three asteroids are circling the
sun in the earth's orbit. It was certainly not a Harvard observation.

I enclose herewith my tentative schedule on FAA from Mexico City to
Caracas and return. Hope to see you and I promise to avoid the subject in
the cockpit, unless we chance to see some non-terrestrial UFOs. That would
be something, wouldn't it?

Again, I want to thank you for your frank and honest replies to my
questions. At least we both know where we stand.

Cordially yours,


                                                        Donald H. Menzel
                                                        Director
DM:jed
CC: Charles Maney
    Richard Hall

BC: L. Boyd, Maj. Coleman, Maj. Friend J