This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document, excluding the image.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT 
TR-06-523
PAGE 1 OF 1

On the night of October 14, 1952, at 6:35 p.m., I was sighting on a sideboard, tracking an object and I saw two other craft and it is my belief they were also tracking the same object. This object had a peculiar motion, which was up and down, left and right, and very fast, then it would hang motionless, and then take off at a terrific speed. 

2. It made a zigzag motion, which is a typical characteristic of the following items: Geese - no, Planes - yes, Helicopters - no, Falling Stars - no, Guided Missiles - no, Jet Exhaust - no, Meteorites - no, Flares - no. This zigzag motion is well known to be indicative of guided objects of a nature not yet fully explained.

3. The object appeared to be traveling at a high rate of speed, from 600 to 800 miles an hour, and from an altitude of 20,000 to 25,000 feet. It was visible for approximately 10 to 15 minutes.

4. The object appeared to be a dark, metallic color and did not reflect the sun's rays as a metallic object would do. It did not leave any vapor trail or smoke trail.

5. There was no sound whatsoever from the object during the entire sighting.

6. The wind was very slight and did not affect the motion of the object.

7. The wind was not a factor in the sighting, as the object traveled in a direction opposite to the wind.

8. The visibility was excellent and the object was clearly visible against the sky.

9. Because of the peculiar motion and the high rate of speed, I am convinced that this was not an ordinary aircraft, but was some type of guided missile or other aerial device not yet fully recognized or explained.

10. Because of the position that I was in when sighting the object, I was able to get a very good look at it and observe its peculiar motion in detail.

11. The address of the house where the sighting occurred is given below.

(s) [Redacted] 
Employment address: [Redacted]