The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document discussing "Cruising Altitudes" and "Visual Flight Plans" related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

CRUISING ALTITUDES
CRUISING ALTITUDES WITHIN CONTROL AREAS AND ZONES—Aircraft at or more than 3000 feet above the ground shall fly at specific cruising altitudes. The following rules will govern the altitude at which aircraft shall fly when making flights along civil airways: 
Green and Amber Airways:
Aircraft flying at or below 6000 feet. Shall fly at an EVEN thousand-foot level above sea level (such as 2000, 4000, or 6000 feet).
Aircraft flying at or above 7000 feet. Shall fly at an ODD thousand-foot level above sea level (such as 3000, 5000, or 7000 feet).

Northbound flights. Aircraft making good a true course from 270° to but not including 090°, shall fly at an even thousand-foot level above sea level.
Southbound flights. Aircraft making good a true course from 090° to but not including 270°, shall fly at an odd thousand-foot level above sea level.

CRUISING ALTITUDES OUTSIDE CONTROL AREAS AND ZONES—When the flight visibility is less than three miles, aircraft must be flown at an altitude approved by the Air Route Traffic Control Center.

VISUAL FLIGHT PLANS
The Civil Air Patrol has announced that its members are not permitted to fly on VFR flights (that is, to fly under Visual Flight Rules) under certain conditions, and the CAA urges that VFR flights be covered by flight plan whenever practicable as much filing materially helps the search and rescue services. Information given in a flight plan may be communicated to the CAA services which can, when necessary, transmit it to airborne or ground stations or aircraft. Flight plans are available but this practice should be avoided whenever possible to reduce congestion of radio channels.

If filing a flight plan is not desired, the pilot should, before takeoff, or before leaving an airport, note the amount of C.A.A. radio station and the position from which he will close his flight plan. The arrival report will be filed must be clearly understood by all concerned. VFR flight plans are transmitted via CAA communication station unless otherwise instructed. In the event pilot decides not to file an arrival report the initial report will be considered the arrival report.

Photos of aircraft operating on VFR flight plan who desire to make flight progress reports, should include in the report the CALIPERS FA. TAIL NUMBER OF THE PLANE (Date to be furnished). In accordance with AR 95-52 MAINT FLIG-ET RULES, Flight Plans, except "Alternate Airport" and except that a visual flight rule flight plan should always specify "VFR" as a cruising altitude. The use of this term is of no actual altitude indication that the flight intends to be in accordance with Visual Flight Rules. Aircraft may be operating under Instrument Flight Rules.