The image contains a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report. The document does not contain any photographs, only text.

Applying Optical Character Recognition (OCR) to the text in the document, the output is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: Intelligence Officer 
SOURCE: FEAF OPO 929
DATE: 6 OCT 1952
DIA DEP COMMENTS: CR BL-53
1. The following comments apply to 314th Troop Carrier Group IN 7101 and 43rd
Bomb Gp, FEAF, as reported in CR BL-53 (originally designated as
CR L-33) as referred to in "comments" by the preparing officer of this report), as
submitted by Mr. H--:
2. The three reports give conflicting information as to the location and description of the sightings. These conflicts have been noted.
a. The Kawanishi balloon was launched at 1723Z from Tsuruose air base, 
climbing at 56,000 ft. The last observation was at a point east of Tsushima
by 1842Z. 
b. The night was fairly clear, with stars visible in all directions. 
Scattered, thin clouds were observed in some areas. L Ts or lights were seen moving in a loose cluster, dimming, brightening, and remaining stationary and disappearing at intervals. The movements were erratic and varied.
3. Information received from the Navy Liaison Officer, by FEAF, indicates:
a. Unidentified explosions occurred at 0115 hours, 16th Sept, at several points 15-20 miles east of Pusan (P-3) Korea.
b. Rapid and intensive parachute activity at 30-40 miles east of Pusan (P-3) Korea.
c. Possible explanation of the phenomena may be incidental pyrotechnics used for training purposes.  
4. After the initial C-119 sightings, the other personnel were actually looking at contrails reflecting on unusual night lights.
5. The initial sighting was to the east of Pusan, Korea, as the other nighttime intercepts continued northwest towards Kunsan. No visual contacts of any kind were obtained.
6. Description of the object and its actions vary widely:
a. The C-119 sightings suggest the appearance gave dazzling light being
flashed in a variety of ways, rapidly appearing and disappearing.
b. Other observers reported a "distinct image", steady and hovering
as a point moving from a lower cloud patch to the higher clouds.
c. Scattered patches of light-intense through varying atmospheric conditions.
d. Time and locations of sightings compare closely enough to assume that they were observations of one or possibly two intensely luminous phenomenon.
7. Time and locations of sightings compare closely enough to assume that they were observations of one or possibly two intensely luminous phenomena, different characteristics of which could have been interpreted as one because of varying locations or observers.
8. Occasionally personnel have unknowingly shifted the track from the balloon to the intense light.