The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
IR - 76 - 52
1

At approximately 17:00 local time on 07 May 1952, within a few minutes period, three luminous objects were observed in the sky over Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The objects appeared to be circular in shape and were estimated to be approximately 300 feet in diameter. The objects were observed for about 10 to 15 minutes before they would simply disappear. 

The objects were first observed by the personnel of a Brazilian military unit who were engaged in a routine military exercise. They immediately reported the incident to the Brazilian Air Force headquarters. The Brazilian Air Force was unable to identify or explain the nature of the objects.

At first, the photographer thought that the objects might be balloons, but eliminated this possibility when the objects continued in a northerly direction for approximately 10 to 15 minutes without any apparent change in speed or altitude. It was an extremely clear day and the objects were observed against a blue sky with scattered white clouds. The objects appeared to be metallic in color and did not seem to reflect any sunlight. There was no perceptible noise or trail associated with the objects.

The prints and negatives were carefully examined by the Acting Air Attache. The General Staff of the Brazilian Air Force also conducted a thorough investigation of the incident, but were unable to identify or explain the nature of the objects.

The first picture was taken almost directly into the sun and shows the outline of the objects which appear to be elliptical in view. The shadows cast by the objects indicate that the sun was almost directly behind and overhead the objects. There are oblique views of the objects showing fairly clearly the circular nature of the craft, indicating that their apparent elliptical shape was due to the angle of observation.

The objects are still rather indistinct, but there is sufficient detail visible to indicate that their nature is not readily explainable. The incident is still classified, pending further investigation and analysis. No further developments have been reported.

UNCLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED