The image contains a scanned document from the Air Intelligence Information Report, part of Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

(1) A large white object reported to be the size of an automobile and cigar-shaped with a white light at the head and a blue trailing light at the tail end. The tail is reported to be of the trail type. This tail was reported by one witness to be 3 times as large as the body of the object. All 3 witnesses described the object travelling at a tremendous speed. In all cases, the object disappeared into the horizon. There is no sound recorded by the witnesses. 

(2) Time of sighting - 1900 (2332 hours) Standard Time, 12 September 1952. Object was only sighted for a very few seconds because of speed.

(3) All the sightings were visual.

(4) & (5) A. R. Lamberton, North Carolina, sighted the object at the above time from the Lamberton Textile Company plant located near the Court House in Lamberton, North Carolina. Mr. Lamberton has had 33 years in the Army Air Corps and is now employed as a Reserve Officer. In Confidential Reports he mentally turned this incident reports into the Directorate of Intelligence, Headquarters Ninth Air Force, personally did not see the flying object but stated in a later conference that at least 15 other persons within the Lamberton area had also seen the flying object.

(6) A. R. Lamberton, driving on Highway 301, 3 miles north from Lamberton, North Carolina, reported sighting the object flying directly in front of his windshield from right to left. The 2 above witnesses said that the angular height of the ground was approximately 30 degrees. In both cases, the object was moving from the South East to the North West.

(7) The third witness, a woman, was sighted 5 miles East of Elizabethtown, North Carolina, He reported sighting the object immediately after dark. He reported the object to be between 15 and 20 degrees.