There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

OCR Text Output:

AIR FORM 112-C PART II 
INFORMATION AFPROVED 1 JUNE 1953

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: Intelligence Officer 
23751 Air Depot, APO 929

REPORT NO.: JIC-52

PAGE: 1 OF 2

I had just arrived in supply at approximately 1830, about one or two hours earlier than usual. Together with a group toward the north guard tower, I stood and watched in the direction of the tower, as DID up operators what was going on. When I arrived at the tower, I found the operators pointing up to a bright light in the sky - it moved up and down, back and forth and in circles - the operators claimed that it had been there for about 15 minutes and then disappeared. They said it was too high to have been a searchlight and the movement of the light was far too irregular for an aircraft. I watched this light myself for several minutes. It moved up and down, back and forth, and described large and small circles - then, after a period of time, it just disappeared. 

EDDIE L. JOHNSON
2/Sgt, USA

On the night of the 27 October 1952, I A/3C George M. Haynes, was standing on the ground near the DUG tower, on the south side of the tower, watching a strange light in the sky. It seemed to move back and forth and up and down at irregular intervals. The light was a bright white in color and seemed to appear and disappear at will. I climbed upon the top of the DUG tower and looked at the light with field glasses. I noted that the light was stationary at times and at other times moved around erratically. I discussed this sighting with A/1C William T. Smith, A/3C George M. Haynes, and A/2C Delbert R. Johnson. We all agreed that the light was very strange and was not an ordinary aircraft. The light finally disappeared behind the mountain west of this station. 

WILLIAM T. SMITH
A/3C, USAF

On the night of October 27, 1952 while on duty in the radio maintenance section, Major D/F A/2C John Hynek called me up to the D/F tower. I observed a bright blue-white light in the sky to the east-southeast. This light seemed to dart back and forth and up and down, erratically. It did not appear to be an aircraft or other known object. I watched this through field glasses and it finally disappeared behind the mountain to the west of this station.

WILLIAM T. SMITH
A/3C, USAF