The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

or national publicity the subject of unidentified aerial objects is receiving.
In the future it is hoped it can be used to make psycho-
logical studies.

A. Analysis
The analysis of reports received by T.I.C. varies from a full
analysis to merely filling the reports. The amount of the expanded on
analysis in any particular case depends on the nature of reports received. When only four to five reports per week are received they can
be rather completely analyzed. The expanded analysis includes subjective and objective data on each case. A staff is utilized in merely sorting and filling reports and answering
general queries from reporters.

Approximately 20 percent of the total of nearly 1500 reports
received are given the expanded type of analysis. This figure is only
representative of the facts due to the methods used in evaluating the
reports. No estimate has been made of the unanalyzed thoroughly and
the reported object was identified or could to be reasonably sure that it
is not unknown. The case of analyzing has been given to only a small
percentage of the incidents, however, in the majority of the cases,
the analyzing continued as a matter of course, in such analyses, were
aircraft with no further investigation. In other instances, the detailed analysis clearly identified the object as something of a routine nature and in such cases the detailed examination was not
needed. The purpose of recorded to be known objects.

The same range of thoroughness of investigation applies to the
unidentified 20 percent. In some cases reports were thoroughly investigated and additional data obtained, in other cases although they
were taken into consideration and if it was not similar to any previous
they were then reported as unknown. In all cases
that do not contain relatively sufficient data for analysis, or if the
source is doubtful, it is classified as having insufficient data.

Complete weather data, which are extremely important in night-
ings, are cross-checked in detail. In certain instances the data are obtained from the weather section of Peterson Field and on each sighting is not necessarily sighted in time or space to account for weather condition and that it would increase the workload of the weather section to a point that it would hinder the primary mission.

This method of analysis is not adequate to accumulate any definite conclusion. It is merely possible that the percentage of
- 5 -