The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a UFO report.

OCR output:

Page 3

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): YES or NO

29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): YES or NO

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets if the same size paper if necessary.

First of all, clarification of question 14.8: The three terms used do not apply specifically to the object reported, but they did give me pause to occasional reflection. They mentioned the object; ascended to vertically while in flight; a side to side pendulum movement but on a short arc.

As the distance I was from it, it could have been very large or very high up a thousand feet or less. Question 20.1 if it was very large it could have been flying at several thousand feet or more. Question 20.2 What would the light be, say five or six thousand feet up, conditions could affect its appearance? (Answer 20.1)

Question 20.3 If it were the size of a Piper Cub it was flying at approximately 90 to 100 miles per hour, provided that it was flying above a thousand feet. This particular selection then it had to flying high and at a high speed to remain in my vision as long as it did.

Question 20.4 since all of the above is conditional I can only add that I am certain of having seen the object flying under the above conditions.

In general, the object observed appeared rounded and as it passed from my view, it did not appear to have a gaseous halo about it, nor did it seem to have a thing, more than a light-train around it. There were no other lights about it either (red and green or other running lights). It was just a solid, yellow orange orb. In conclusion, this is all I can really say in positive observation; 16. This is not what I would rate as an unusual sighting, however, sounds were equally absent. In actual seen under similar circumstances would have been more positive.