The image appears to contain a photograph of some sort, but it is not clearly visible in the provided image. There is no text or description of the photograph included.

Extracting the text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS
WHITE SANDS PROVING GROUND
Las Cruces, New Mexico
1 August 1952

CERTIFICATE

I certify that the following statement is true to the best of my knowledge: While in the office of the Duty Officer at White Sands Proving Ground on 1 Aug 52, I was awakened at approximately 0245 hours by the telephone ringing in the OECD AREA Headquarters.

I answered the telephone and was informed that it was the guard calling from building 1550 in the TECH AREA. He asked me to come and investigate something unusual that was going on. After I arrived, he explained the location of the building; I said that I would go. I dressed and put on my side-arms. 

Prior to leaving Port Headquarters, I telephoned the telephone operator at WSMR to tell him where I was going and that if I had not returned in half an hour, he was to call the MP's and take action for me. It being Pay Day Night, I was aware that anything could have happened.

I was very cautious in advising to the building, and was challenged by the guard. I was identified as to what the trouble was, and he said, "Sir, it looks like an extremely high, fast moving bright light from my post, but I said, "Yes, there are they? All I could see was the bright beacon from Gordon Field." I thought that could have indicated the "strange lights."

I telephoned back to Port Headquarters and told him to notify the telephone operator that I was OK and not to worry.

Several minutes went by and I did not see any "lights". The second guard just stood by into the Dying Patrol in that area.

One of the guards claimed to have seen another light but I did not see it. At 0305 hours I saw what he thought was a distant moving brush light about the size of a second class star moving in a northerly direction. I was about 300 yards outside the south gate of about 5 seconds duration. The guard said, "Did you see it Captain?" I said yes, it's moving in a northerly direction, well, no more than one second they it disappeared now repeating in that direction. I was looking, and sure enough I soon saw it again, pointing to the West. I looked, and sure enough it was moving around but there was no sound or anything indicating a aircraft. About 30 seconds later it disappeared. 

At 0305 hours one of the guards said, "There it is again." I saw it at the same time it was traveling northerly. He said it should turn and be in that direction. A few seconds later I saw it reappear traveling in a straight line from North East to East; it was observable for about 5 seconds.