Initially, I saw them from my front window, and [redacted] them from my side window. (Two distinctly different angles of tilt, minimums-distortion, although glass. This gave I saw them another time and in a different plane of view than I did.)

8. Wife and I were both looking through the right hand window at the time of reversal. (X. Somewhat into it the scene - with a tail, complete, and continuous view.)

7. We watched them disappear as we looked through the right side window.

8. My seatroos already back a bit.(It's comfortable that way) - I was easy to span into the single plane between the sents and I was over [redacted] to continue watching.

9. The departure track of the objects was about 20 degrees to the clast (more westerly) of their approach track.

10. At the end of the flight, they reversed our "dirge" turn; they made around turns, but then continued on toward sharply. As they climbed, they decelerated to and then _wind one another in an irregular fashion. As though they were stationary in concern to something going thru. As they went vertically upw and low another, bobbing up and down. (Just as the front three went horizontally,yet one another, as the initial six approached inward in an intelligent manner error - "braising on the Orenda") than they arrived at a high altitude, we were looking well up at them, even though they seemed to be horizontally quite distant. "aligned" moved perspectively diminished. The distance frame a dwap 40 to their height, but they disappeared by tilting out in a mixed up fashion, in no particular order. Some persons have suggested that might answer a carrier or perhaps a settee laden & lower saturated a guess. However, they had blanks out before, that after the reversed, and after the more time from beneath our sight was to both the original site, the lights were on board. they seemed to dim just before the reversal, and lighted right afterward. As color in quality, was not metallic, phosphorescent, or in any sort, it appeared to have depth, as in the proximity of a hot coal. They were bright red, somewhat toward orange or white. The edges of the cold-white spots were distributed, somewhat illuminated. Every last on sight, missing stripes for N.Y. Appalachian varied so elaborate and draw habits, host holes and much, but still had I retired to appear in any such illustrations were used.

11. Yes, they appeared to get bigger and bigger as they passed. (Considerably) and decreased in apparent size as they passed.

You wanted further elaboration from me concerning my state-ment. We knew named well that the brilliant objects we saw were none of your reflections. I offer the above answers to your questions as complete evidence against the reflection theory which I consider very weak.

1. The apparent "intelligent error" of the objects slid-ingly one another as they approached. The objects also passed one