There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

Page 3. Data for Air Force to accompany 8 mm film of unidentident ified objects/ taken near Landrum, S. C. Nov. 18, 1952. My attention was drawn in the same things being observed over Anderson and Marion, S. C. at the same time when I was filling in reports of articles appearing in the newspaper, I was much as the articles stated, such notebooks were swamped at the places mentioned, also no attempt I did attempt to tell Vining, the editor of this little while any sort of a story went into a dissertation about jet planes, layers of hot and cold air. I wouldn't argue with him and let it go at that.

Wish you could have been along with me at the time. You would have sure had an eye full -- something to remmember for a long time to come. 

Love to

As ever,

Second letter:
Tryon, N.C., 1-8-53. 

Dear [REDACTED],

Just finished your letter and I am glad something might come of the "saucer" pictures. In regard to the data you request about the "saucers": The following is about what happened. We sighted the objects in the sky on the 18th of Nov. 1952, at 5:15 in the afternoon. I am positive as the time of day as I glanced at my watch at the time, so there is no arguing this point.

The weather was clear where we were standing but off to the west on the horizon where we sighted the objects there were a few broken clouds, enough to give us some color in the sunset. When I first saw the saucers they were cloven (11) in number and were strung out like a string of beads, and appeared to be traveling in the same direction, that is, they gave the formation and ascent and descend downward while maintaining opposite directions at times.

The ascending and descending saucer made an abrupt right angle turn in leaving the formation. We at no time saw more than eleven objects and no less than four. I am convinced had not we telescopic lens we would have captured the whole sequence of events.  

I would judge the time element, that is, the time we were able to view the, was in the neighborhood of twelve minutes. I observed no variation in altitude the entire time but I did get the impression they were traveling in an east to west direction and I base that on the fact that when first seen they would about size of the hub caps on my Ford and when we finally lost them to view they were about the size of tennis balls. There were no aircraft visible at the time and I