G secret space war?

the Mathematics and Astronomy department at the University of New Mexico here, and also director of the University's unique Institute of Meteoritics (meteor studies). He says this:

1 The green fireballs of 1951 could be a brand new kind of meteor.

Certainly they differ from ordinary fireballs – big meteors bright enough to cast a shadow and which usually end in an explosion.

They're different because:

• They are more brilliant – some reported much bigger and brighter than the moon. Ordinary fireballs are rarely this impressive.

• They are silent, where ordinary fireballs of comparable size fall with a roar.

• They follow a straight line – where big meteors, penetrating our atmosphere, always have curved trajectories, concave toward the earth.

• Most unusual of all is their green color. The livid shades, as green as a traffic light or neon sign, are absolutely new.

"Conservative observers might pass off the green fireballs as merely Bielid meteors, which fall early in November," says Dr. LaPaz.

"Actually, they're like no Bielid ever seen before. Finding them with the Bielids is about like watching a 240-mm howitzer firing bright green starshells during a bombardment of red-hot B-B shot."

Such facts lead to one conclusion: if the green fireballs are meteors, they are of an absolutely new type. Their coming may mean that the solar system (including our earth) has lately reached a new corner of the universe

traceless green fireballs? If it is, it would form one of the most dramatic scientific discoveries of our time.

But there is another possible explanation, Dr. LaPaz thinks:

2 The green fireballs could be thrown by man-ominously enough in the form of guided missiles.

In the region of White Sands Proving Ground and the Sandia Weapons Base, such a hypothesis is tempting. But Dr. LaPaz does not endorse it. He does, however, offer two suggestive facts:

• Fact 1: Any tests of long-range guided missiles by friendly or enemy countries would probably take place during a meteor shower, as suggested by Dr. Louis Ridenhour in 1948. The missiles could appear to "hide" behind meteors, and so could not easily be detected by radar. Last fall's fireball display did occur during the annual visit of the Bielid meteor shower.

• Fact 2: Green fireballs have been observed only once before – in 1948, when they were reported seen over the Battle Sea and Sweden. Military commentators then were quick to suggest that the Russians might well be testing advanced types of missiles captured from the Germans at their nearby rocket base of Peenemunde.

Suppose the green fireballs do give away some gigantic new secret of guided missiles or space travel? Who is responsible?

Again, because of the nearness of U.S. scientific centers, the temptation is great to say they're ours. But Dr. LaPaz says this: "if the Russians possessed missiles capable of intercontinental flight, it would be natural for them

THESE PEOPLE SAW THEM IN THE SKY;

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photograph showing two men standing outdoors and a lower photograph of what appears to be two additional men, with caption text underneath that is largely illegible]