There is no photograph or image visible in the provided document. The document appears to be a typed report or narrative describing an incident involving unidentified flying objects.

Text extracted from the document:

"M/Sgt XXXXXX, Kelly AFB, Texas R-472-95
170lst Air Transport Group
It was approximately 1520 LT, 9 July 1952, and I was in the Transport Control Center about to go on duty 'PLAN 11,' stating that flying saucers' were sighted over Seattle, Washington at approximately 1515 EST. Several members of my crew, including myself, went outside and saw 8 to 10 objects maneuvering over Albuquerque, N.M. They were light gray in color, smooth on the surface with no protrusions. They moved in a diagonal and circular pattern and occasionally stopped and hovered. I walked out the front door of the Control Section at approximately 1530 LT and sighted these objects further west and higher in the sky. As I watched them they started to descend slowly and I continued to watch them until they disappeared from sight into the distant haze.

Lt. XXXXX, at approximately 1500 MST, heard over the long line telephone that flying objects had been sighted in the general locality. He informed certain personnel of this fact and at the rate of speed that they had been previously determined to have, of over 600 mph and one-half to two minutes, so several of the people in the locality decided they would take a look and took binoculars and saw two objects in the next few minutes, and they were circular and smooth and no protrusions and moved very rapidly and then disappeared. I don't know which direction they were headed, but they were gone for good.

MRS. XXXXX, (Civilian Employee)
I, Mrs. XXXXX, was in the office and Mrs. XXXXX was in there talking to me when I heard Mrs. XXXXX say, 'Have you seen those flying saucers?' and she took Mrs. XXXXX to the window to look out and they both saw two objects which they said were flying saucers. They appeared to be light gray in color and moving very rapidly in a straight course and they saw them for only about 15 seconds and then they disappeared from sight."