There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text output from the OCR of the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT NO.
FROM (ACTIVITY)
Intelligence Officer
Brookley Air Force Base, Alabama
DETAILS

Detailed at approximately 1000 hrs. the Base Operations Officer at Brookley Air Force Base, Alabama, received a telephone call from a Mrs. Childress, Alabama. Mrs. Childress reported a group of five (5) light, bluish-gray colored lights which appeared at about 2200 hours, 19 September 1952. The Base Operations Officer notified the Air Intelligence Officer, who conducted the investigation.

In company with the Intelligence Officer, 1703rd Transport Group, the Ass't. Intelligence Officer, USAAF, conducted an investigation.

An examination of the data furnished by Mrs. Childress (P.2). All reports in the vicinity were checked for the possibility that any lights were airplanes. The only aircraft in the area at 2122 hrs. was a T-33 which departed from Brookley Air Force Base at 2224, and a B-47 which departed from the same base at 2234. The sighting described by Mrs. Childress definitely could not have been explained by these aircraft.

It is probable that the lights were aircraft. The B-47 would have been at 30,000 to 35,000 feet and the observer had a definite impression that there was a twilight background to the sighting. Furthermore, the sound of jet aircraft was not heard. The weather did not indicate the possibility of a thermal inversion, which could have been responsible for the sighting. The B-47 would have been at 30,000 to 35,000 feet and the observer had a definite impression that there was a twilight background to the sighting. Furthermore, the sound of jet aircraft was not heard.

The lighted objects were sighted at latitude 30* 48' N, longitude 88* 08' W. They were observed to be at an altitude of approximately 5,000 (75 mph). Their speed could not be accurately determined, but they appeared to be moving at a speed in excess of 500 mph. Other persons in the area were questioned, but no other sightings were reported.

The reliability of the observer is evaluated as excellent. Mrs. Childress is a housewife, apparently in good mental and physical condition, and is considered to be a reliable observer.

Since the report was not received until twelve (12) hours after observation, interpretation and analysis has been complicated.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

Frank B. Sooper
FRANK B. ELLIOT
1st Lt. USAF
Ass't. Intelligence Officer