[stamp: - 5 -]

[handwritten: Capt. DAA]                                January 18, 1952

Of course, as I look up the street, the situation is much
different. I can see that automobiles are nearer than the building at the
corner, which is probably 300 feet away. Part of this judgement is
in the fact that I subconsciously make allowance for his side of an
automobile. And part of it is due to the fact that I can see the object
between me and the more-distant corner.

Things are different, on the other hand, up in the air.
Against either the sky or the ground, facts have clearly shown that
it is indeed impossible for anyone--not even you, air-to-make accurate
estimates. And when you state that a pilot can't judge anything
on unfamiliar something; that is halfway between his plane and the ground,
you are talking absolute nonsense. And I don't care how experienced a
pilot you are. I do not mean this uncidely or critically. This is just a
well-known statement of scientific fact. A moving object, yes,
you can estimate from the angular spread now it is, but at unknown
object, no. In darkness or semi-darkness is the ability to judge is even
less.

Now, let me make a second observation about
reflections. Your comments about the similarity of visibility through
the several different windows of the cockpit, including the curved section,
may possibly--though not necessarily--destroy my reflection theory.
However, by raising this point, I obtained an important and significant
additional bit of information. This should have been in the original report.
Thus it is not your fault as much as that of the Air Force, for failing to ask the proper kinds of questions. Only recently has the Air
Force gotten around to asking the right questions under different kinds
of circumstances. A type of reflection would have been required, to account for this type of motion. The instantaneous' reverse--like a ricochet--strongly suggests the reflection hypothesis.
For only a reflection is not responsible to the laws of physics such as
inertia. Now I recite that the flying saucer ball very likely is
promote the idea that, somehow or other, mysteries is and very advanced
scientists have found a way of making themselves immune to accelerations of 500 or 1,000 G's. This is something I don't believe. The reflection, I would conclude, if it was a reflection, was of an
object outside of the plane. Otherwise, it would not have moved in the
way it did.

I accept your correction about the eastern horizon. There
may have been some obscuring clouds but twilight can end yet officially
over. If you find interesting to deal with, it is certainly not because I
am willing to credit observers other than scientists with sense. I am
merely trying to find out some of the basic details that did not appear in