There is no photograph present in the provided document image.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

---
THE UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA  
TUCSON, ARIZONA 85721  

INSTITUTE OF ATMOSPHERIC PHYSICS  

July 14, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.  
Project Bluebook  
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio  

Dear Major Quintanilla: 

Following our second unsuccessful effort to locate in the Bluebook files any record of the B-36 incident at Davis-Monthan AFB, I have asked [redacted] put down, in a letter to me, an account of such details as he can still remember with confidence. I enclose, for your insertion into the Bluebook files, a copy of Maj. Pestalozzi’s letter of July 7, 1966.

Please file with it my present letter of transmittal, since I shall put down a few additional pertinent points.

[Redacted] has told me, in previous conversations, that he was an air intelligence officer from about 1950 to 1960, and was stationed at Davis-Monthan during 1951-53. Field investigation of UFO sightings was one of his routine duties, not only at Davis-Monthan but also at other duty stations. The B-36 case, which he believes occurred in 1952, was one in which he himself happened to be an observer. Although he has now made a number of efforts to run down clues to the precise date, the latter still remains uncertain, as I indicated to you in my last visit at WPAFB on June 30.

He recalls filing a rather thick report on this B-36 case, the thickest he ever filed on a UFO. It included not only his own observations and those of the B-36 crew which he personally interrogated, but also that of an airman who was standing beside him during most of the time of his own observation. The airman (whose name he has forgotten) was coming out of the base hospital just as [redacted] was about to enter (for treatment of an injured knee). [Redacted] pointed out to me today that approximately six or seven other Air Force personnel at scattered locations around the base also reported seeing the UFO’s from the ground. Because their descriptions matched closely those given by himself and the airman, [redacted] did not (at least as far as he now recalls) include them in his official report.

I have queried [redacted] closely about the length of time during which he had the UFO's under observation. He estimates it at something like five minutes. He actually saw the two
---

This concludes the OCR transcription.