The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

ID-OSI 49-7
UNCLASSIFIED.
a speed much greater than the fastest jet aircraft and covered approxi- mately fifteen degrees of arc in a estimated one-tenth of a second. The lights of the objects were reported as blinking on and off. The objects appeared to be two in number, traveling in a northwesterly direction. Objects were estimated to be two to five miles high and maintained that elevation during the entire time sighted. The observer also described the color of the objects as a steady yellowish-white light, similar to a star. The objects appeared to be over Providence, Rhode Island, which is situated about fifteen mile inland eastward from the observer.

b. Objects were sighted by at about 2205 hours EST, 26 October 1952 and were clearly observed for an estimated one-tenth of a second which caused the entire incident.

c. Sighting was by visual observation only.

d. Observer sighted the objects from the yard of his residence at West Barrington, Rhode Island.

e. Identifying information on observer's twenty-four years of age, has recently completed five years of active service with the U. S. Navy and is at present employed in a local radio school.  He has advised that while on the lookout for aircraft in radar service, observed for about three seconds two unidentified objects in the sky and stated that he has never observed a comparable object before which convinced him that report it immediately because he was afraid of the unfavorable publicity that such a report might create.  However, because of the unfavorable publicity that reporting the sighting has inadvertantly created in his community, he advised that shortly after sighting these objects, he wrote down all he could recall and he used this documentation in relaying the details of his observation.

f. Weather Conditions: stated that at the time of the sighting, the weather was clear, with very little wind and visibility was excellent. The U. S. Weather Bureau Providence, Rhode Island, reported that on 26 October 1952, there were clear skies, no precipitations, visibility excellent, with very little wind.

g. No activity or condition is known that might account for the sighting. He was usually observing the stars and lights of Providence because of his excellent visibility.

UNCLASSIFIED