There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report, containing text about a "secret space war" and discussions around "green fireballs".

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

SECRET SPACE WAR?

The Mathematics and Astronomy Department at the University of New Mexico here, and also Director of the University's Balloon Altitude Observatory, make an announcement of a somewhat startling nature. 

The green fireballs of 1948 could be a new phenomenon which appears to be of an unidentified flying object (UFO) nature. 

These green fireballs are more or less ellipsoidal in shape, and travel swiftly in straight trajectories, but sometimes dip in a "shadow" and which usually end in an explosion.

They are more brilliant - some reported as brilliantly incandescent - than the ordinary meteors or green fireballs.

They are silent, where ordinary fireballs of this kind usually have a loud report. 

They travel at fantastic speeds, estimates made by observers and cameras indicating speeds of the order of 3 to 5 miles per second.

They have curved trajectories, concave toward the Earth, unlike meteors which usually have straight trajectories.

This unusual or at least dissimilar nature of the green fireballs has led to speculations that they may be artificial objects under intelligent control, rather than natural meteors. If this were the case, it would form one of the most dramatic scientific discoveries of all time.

The green fireballs could be thrown by means of some as yet undiscovered natural or artificial process, and this in itself would be of great interest. If it is, it would form one of the most dramatic scientific discoveries of all time.

POSSIBLE EXPLANATIONS

The green fireballs could be thrown by some means of as yet undiscovered process, natural or artificial, in which case their existence would be of great interest. 

The green fireballs could be thrown by a Terrestrial source, and if so, whose source is it? This possibility, if true, would be of immense military and scientific interest.

The green fireballs could be controlled by intelligent beings, either terrestrial or extra-terrestrial, which would open up tremendous possibilities of the most serious nature.

In the absence of White Sands proving the origin of the green fireballs, the green fireballs continue to remain an unexplained and intriguing phenomenon. The mere fact of their existence poses some very serious questions.

GREEN FIREBALLS may continue to fall over the Southwest. If this is so, detailed descriptions of each occurrence and study of the circumstances will be important.

The University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, N.M.