The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
AF FORM 112 - PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: BIz, Air Force Flight Test Center.

1. The following report is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2, paragraph 7 e and d:
a. Two objects appearing to be circular or disc-shaped, silver or white in color, were observed behind and to the right of the others, as indicated above. The objects ranged in altitude from 20,000 to 50,000 feet and appeared to be in level flight, in a slightly downward direction. No discernible trails, tail surfaces or wing or tail markings were observed by four of the five observers.
b. The time of sighting was estimated to be between 15:30 and 17:00 hours. The objects were observed for approximately 20 minutes.
c. Subjects were observed from the surface, with the naked eye.
d. The objects were traveling in a general northwest direction, at an estimated speed of between 400 and 500 knots. The objects appeared to maintain a constant altitude and speed.
e. All physical characteristics, or such other pertinent data concerning the sighting, indicated familiar with the Air Force and commercial airplane navigation is completely lacking. The sighting could not be positively identified.
f. Weather conditions were excellent on the day of sighting, with visibility of 20 miles and wind from the southwest at 12 to 15 knots.
g. There were no known conditions, meteorological or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
h. There is no physical evidence of the sighting, such as fragments, etc.
i. No known interest or identification action was taken.
j. A low-flying, fast-moving object was observed at about the same time and location as the sighting described above. It appeared to be between 20,000 and 30,000 feet in altitude and moving in a general northwest direction at a very high rate of speed.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS;
NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED