The image appears to contain a typed document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s. The document is titled "CONFIDENTIAL SECURITY INFORMATION" and appears to be describing an investigation into a UFO sighting that occurred on May 22, 1952 in Stockton, California.

The document does not contain any photographs. It provides details about the incident, including the time, location, and witness observations. The text indicates that a Naval Supply Annex employee in Stockton reported seeing an object in the sky that he could not identify. The object was observed for several minutes before disappearing.

Transcription of the text in the document:

19D OSI 24-18
DETAILS:
This investigation initiated by direction of District Commander, 12th District USAF (Air Force Base, California), based upon information received from Mr. Clarence T. Clements, employee, Naval Supply Annex, Stockton, California, to the effect that on 22 May 1952, at approximately 1240 hours, he observed an object in the sky which object seemed to be at an altitude of approximately 25,000 feet.

AT STOCKTON, CALIFORNIA
2. On 22 May 1952, Mr. Clarence T. Clements, a civilian employee of the Naval Supply Annex, Stockton, California, reported that at approximately 1240 hours, 22 May 1952, he had observed an object in the sky which he described as being round in shape, silver in color, and traveling at a high rate of speed. He stated that the object was observed outside of the building in which he was located, and that it had come from the northeast and disappeared in the southwest. He stated that he observed the object at an estimated altitude of 25,000 feet, and that it had remained stationary for approximately two to five minutes. For a period of four (4) minutes, the object remained stationary, then disappeared. The object was not seen again.

3. On 22 May 1952, Mr. Clements was interviewed at which time he stated that on 22 May 1952 as he was proceeding along the side of the building in the direction of the Supply Annex, upon looking up he observed what appeared to be a round or oval shaped object in the sky, the size of a basketball, which he stated was silhouetted against the sky. He stated that he continued to observe the object for a period of two to five minutes, after which it disappeared from view. He stated that during the time he had observed the object, a number of weather balloons released from Ordnance Depots, and in his opinion the object in the sky was definitely not the same type.

4. Mr. Clements, an employee of the Naval Supply Annex, Stockton, California, was contacted as such, but it was determined that he is employed as a draftsman, and was not on duty at the time he claimed to have sighted the object. Upon further investigation, it was learned that there was no telescope available or any other instrument with which he could have taken a close look at the object, and in Mr. Clements' opinion, he was of the opinion that the object he saw had no wings or tail assembly and was of a silvery color.

UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL SECURITY INFORMATION