There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

AIR ATTACH? AUSTRALIA 

IR - 30 0 - 53

UNCLASSIFIED

30. Mr. , Operations Inspector, Civil Aviation Branch, Department of Civil Aviation, interviewed , a flying instructor of the Glenroy Aero Club, who stated that on 30 th May, 1952, whilst flying a Auster aircraft at an altitude of 1,000 feet about 10 miles south south-east of Melbourne, he observed a bright, unidentified object at an estimated height of 6,000 feet. The object was observed for about 15 seconds and then disappeared. The sighting was communicated to the Melbourne Flight Service but no other aircraft were observed at the time.

31. Mr. , Flying Instructor of the Air Force Operational Training Unit, said whilst he was carrying out night flying over Melbourne on the 29th May, 1952, at an altitude of 2,000 feet, he observed a strange object to the north-west of his aircraft. He said the object appeared to be travelling at a very high speed at an altitude of approximately 5,000 feet. The object then turned to the north-east and disappeared. This sighting was also reported to the Melbourne Flight Service.

32. (DELETED) said that on the evening of the 2nd July, 1952, he and his wife were taking a stroll in the Yarraville area when they observed an object travelling in a westerly direction at a high rate of speed. The object was described as being approximately 30 feet in diameter, yellow in colour and travelling in a straight line. The object was observed for a period of 15 seconds and then disappeared from view. The observer stated that it was definitely not a meteor, aircraft or any other known object.

13. My informant Mr. (DELETED) said "I was riding a motor cycle down a country road at about 8.30 p.m. when I observed a blue-white light between the trees. It appeared to be stationary and I stopped to observe it. The light suddenly moved very rapidly along the tree tops, making a noise like a swarm of bees, and then disappeared. I estimated the length of the object to be about 30 feet and it gave the appearance of travelling at an extremely high speed."

14. Messrs. (DELETED) stated "We were walking in the Melbourne Botanical Gardens on the 25th June, 1952, when we observed a strange flying object in the sky. It appeared to be circular in shape, silver in colour and was travelling in a north-easterly direction at a high rate of speed. The object was observed for about 20 seconds and then disappeared from view."

UNCLASSIFIED