There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR system, I will produce the following text output from the document:

UNCLASSII
very horizontal path from Northward toward Galena,.
The only one big object with bright linesas fair as distance?
Q. I think that it was going like hell.
Q. It didn't give you any feeling of how far or how close?
A. It would give me about thirty-five seconds but I didn't tell how far or how close it was so well as I should be able to tell, because I was concentrating on bigger than any light that we could pick out. I t look'd like a landing light.
Q. Yes, it seems to be a brightcrthan any star.
A. Yes, and bigger. It really amazed me because it seem'danever saw anything like that before. And that's why I was watching it so closely.
Q. Wwas it like the Air 2 craft? The one that t saw fus was orange from the tail.
A. I don't give you any questions about reporting these things. 
Because I have already told you about this and we thought it 12 will come a report of confirmation.
Q. Do you have anything more to say about observations, how long it lasted, estimate of size, apparent speed, maneuvering characteristics, color, or any other details? 
A. I didn't see anything else except that it was flying and that's all I can tell you. I can't give you anything more than that.
(CIVILIAN WITNESS) I saw one at Elmendorf a couple of year ago over the air base. It was a big orange like a big star with little windows in it. It was about fifteen hundred feet high and moving at a terrific rate of speed. It would be in sight maybe thirty or forty seconds and then gone. I couldn't tell you anything more about it.
Q. What was your first impression of this one when you saw it the other night?
A. We thought it might be a missile, but there were no trails behind it.
Q. Do you have any other details or thoughts you can give us about this sighting?
A. I've all been flying up here about five or six years and we have never seen anything like this before as I have mentioned.
INDIVIDUAL INTERROGATION 
LADDAFB, ALASKA
1/23, U - U

UNCLASSIFIED