[newspaper clipping, publication name partially cut off, appears to be Post-Intelligencer]

...point of the aerial object that flashed over Western Washington early Sunday. As the map shows, the object, apparently a meteor, traveled from south to north and burst into fragments at the point indicated on the map. Position was determined by eyewitness reports from an airliner and various ground observers. After bursting, fragments of the object traveled to the northwest into an area not covered by the map. Dotted lines and arrows indicate direction of sight of eyewitnesses who established approximate location of the burst. —(Post-Intelligence Map.)

...came in from every section of parts of Western Washington. Astronomers expressed the opinion that an unusually big fireball had been destroyed aloft in spectacular manner.

Col. T. Allan Bennett, commanding officer of the 25th Air Force Defense Division, McChord Air Force Base, also leaned toward the theory that the object which exploded at 1:26 a.m. was a meteor. But he said his office is making a thorough check of eyewitness reports and is anxious to receive them.

Bennett said he doubted that the object could have been an aircraft or guided missile.

None of the radar installations in the Pacific Northwest net-work picked up the object on their screens, he said.

ANGLE—
Asked if the speed of the object may have eluded the radar, Bennett said that the angle, rather than speed, probably was what caused it not to show as a "blip" on the radar scopes.

"If it was a meteor, it was probably coming nearly straight down. That would make it very difficult to track. The indications might be so insignificant that radar wouldn't pick it up," he said.

"If it was an aircraft or a guided missile, we would have picked it up," he continued.

REQUEST—
Bennett asked that anyone finding a "strange" piece of material report it to his organization at McChord.

Bennett said that the ground observer phase of the air defense setup is not at present on a 24-hour basis, and said no ground observers had reported seeing the flash.

The two-second blast, a tremendous blue-white flare, caused no ascertainable damage, but police, fire department and newspaper switchboards were jammed by hundreds of anxious calls from suddenly-awakened persons.