There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OUTPUT OCR TEXT:
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;

NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10

4TH DIC CTIIC REPORTS UNIT
ROOM 2E26
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10

20 November 1952

SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Object Observed at
Goose Air Force Base on 15 November 1952

1. The following information is being forwarded to your headquarters for whatever action you may deem appropriate.

On 15 November 1952 at approximately 1940 hours, a white lighted object was observed over Goose Air Force Base, Labrador. The object was first seen in the southwest and was observed to move in a northeast direction, reaching a point almost over the base area. The object then reversed direction and moved back to the southwest, finally disappearing from view in the distance.

The object was sighted by several military observers and was under observation for approximately 20 minutes. It was described as an elliptical white light, approximately 2 to 3 feet in diameter, with no exhaust or trail. The object was observed to make a 180 degree turn without banking or changing speed. The total time of observation was some seven (7) minutes.

The weather was clear and the object was easily visible against the night sky. This sighting was considered unusual and does not conform to any normal and/or identifiable aerial phenomena. No sound or trail was observed. It was estimated that the object was at an altitude of 2,000 to 3,000 feet, moving at a speed of several hundred miles per hour.

2. The weather at the time of observation was clear with visibility in excess of 15 miles. No known aircraft were in the air at the time of the sighting. The object did not appear to be a meteor or conventional aircraft.

3. The activities of the time of observation were given at point of observation with an observer's varying in form the time the same.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY GCF