AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Directorate of Intelligence                UNCLASSIFIED                PAGE ___ OF ___ [illegible]

The following is the edited teleprinter message received 23 July 1952 from Major W. Mac Sparran, Wing Provost Marshal, 20th Air Depot Wing.

An unidentified flying object was sighted at Nouasseur Air Base 2125 hours 13 July 1952. Leland H. O'Neal, Atlas Constructors employee, driving south on road south of eastern boundary of base sighted object which first appeared to be a jet with afterburner at 1000 feet, compass heading south by southwest. Object gave extremely bright and appeared to be an elliptical body of luminous white with red flashed trail. O'Neal observed object for approximately 30 seconds. Object suddenly blacked out in flight and disappeared. Object gave off no sound during period of observation. Line of flight was horizontal axis with no deviation in course.

Rafael Gil Sanchez, Spanish national, USAF local hired employee, sighted object from Base Power Plant 1 mile west of O'Neal's position. Sanchez' story substantiates O'Neal's on all points. Sanchez further stated that exhaust of object was first narrow and bright but gradually dimmed and eventually abruptly disappeared.

Second unidentified flying object was sighted at Nouasseur Air Base 2337 hours, 13 July 52. Object sighted by at least seven airmen and several officers from three points on the base. All reported observing, for 5 to 10 seconds, a round, bright, bludish-white object which flew in an erratic flight line and run-way and vanished over horizon. All personnel interviewed stated emphatically that object was not shooting star, flare, or weather balloon. Object descended toward sea at high rate of speed.

The following reports given to the Preparing Officer at Nouasseur Air Force Base 25 July 1952.

Capt Ira E. Vance, AO 512332, Purchasing and Contracting Officer, 20th Air Depot Wing, driving from Boulhaut to Casablanca 13 July 1952 sighted unidentified flying object at approximately 2145 hours. Object appeared southwest in the direction of Casablanca. Visibility was good. Object resembled a meteor, however, it was larger than any meteor observed in his experience. Object was low on the horizon and closer to earth than meteors. Object resembled a large ball of flame which resembled hot iron during its flight and then suddenly disappeared. Obj was observed for only a few seconds. No sound was audible to the observer and no obstructions were in the line of sight. Capt Vance did not report this sighting until approached on the subject by the Preparing Officer because he was convinced it was a meteor. However, lt Col John Bell, Transportation Officer, 30th Air Depot Wing, was riding in same conveyance of the automobile driven by Capt Vance had an opportunity to observe soundless object for approximately 20 seconds. Their respective statements substantiate what Capt Vance told the Preparing Officer except that they described the object as an airplane with bright interior lights which didn't seem to have heat. Lights appeared elongated; some like the cabin lights of C-47 or C-54 aircraft. Object could have hovered; although the terrain is flat and no other obstructions were in line of sight.

Capt Marc O. Pitas, AO 164906, Chief, Accessories and Miscellaneous Repair, 20th Air Depot Wing, sighted aerial object 13 July 1952 at approximately [illegible]

UNCLASSIFIED