There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document describing an unusual occurrence observed and photographed by the author at the U.S. Coast Guard Air Station in Salem, Massachusetts on July 16, 1952.

STATEMENT OF UNUSUAL OCCURANCE OBSERVED AND PHOTOGRAPHED APPROXIMATELY 0:35, 16 JULY, 1952 FROM PHOTO OFFICE WINDOW, U. S. COAST GUARD AIR STATION, SALEM, MASSACHUSETTS.

I was sitting in the Photo Office filing negatives with my back toward the window when I turned slightly in the direction of the window and noticed something bright outside brilliantly lit up. It appeared to be connected to the side of the power plant smoke stacks. I could not determine:
1. - Size of lights
2. - Number of lights
3. - Manner of lights
4. - Sound, if any
5. - Speed of lights, if any
6. - Direction of lateral or vertical motion
7. - Shape of lights

The color temperature of the lights was a high number of Kelvin degrees--extremely brilliant and brilliant. They seemed to be wavering but I am not certain of this. I observed these lights for possibly 5 or 6 seconds and then turned to a 4x5 Bush format camera (135 MM 2.7 lens with a Rapax shutter, loaded with 4/5 Super XX cut film). I had this camera on the desk all loaded and waiting. As soon as I turned to shoot, the lights appeared to go out or move away so I did not get a chance to shoot the picture. 

The film was developed in the lab into the back Bay and got after shots of the strange back lights which were quite bright. I was unable to make out any details, however, that would be worth saying anything to the film. I did not give the film to the man and it did there was a momentary flash and we could no longer see any lights. 

I developed the film which was 1/250th second for about 3 1/4 minutes, the developing agent immediately at hand. After I had fixed and washed the film, I took it out of the examination.

It was an extremely hot day and I think that perhaps some sort of retraction or ground reflections could possibly have accounted for the lights, but in my estimation this is an improper explanation. The lens was quite dirty and so was the window screen. I cannot say that I saw objects extremely well in the manner of lights.

Submitted 17 July, 1952

CERTIFIED TO BE A TRUE COPY:
W. D. STRAUCH, Jr. LCDR, USCG