The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
COPY                      HEAD QUARTERS TACTICAL AIR COMMAND
                          Langley Air Force Base, Virginia

THOAR-3                   23 February 1952

SUBJECT: Report of Unusual Flying Object

TO:      DCS/Intelligence 
         Headquarters Tactical Air Command
         Langley Air Force Base, Virginia

Captain George F. Arns, H4 47th Bomb Wing, and I were flying a T-11 aircraft, number 41-27498 from Cleveland, Ohio to Langley Air Force Base, Virginia at 5:12 when an unusual flying object was sighted near Pitcairn, Pennsylvania.

A cold front cloud buildup had been encountered southeast of Pittsburgh that could not be topped or penetrated so we changed our flight plan to land at Greater Pittsburgh Airport.

As we approached Pittsburgh from the south at approximately 5,000 feet, a brilliant lighted object was seen high to the right (1 o'clock high), slightly climbing a course parallel to ours. The object was much higher than we were and bright white in color with a continuous, steady glow. It appeared to be smooth and round, and there was no exhaust or trail on fire because of the brilliance and comet-like appearance and yellow to orange color as the object approached. 

At a 3 o'clock high position, regular, one to two second pulsations of the object passed out of sight. Both of us thought it was a jet because of the speed, however, neither of us has ever seen a jet with a pulsation like that. At a lower altitude, the object appeared to be in excess of five (5) miles from our position. This estimate was based on the location of the cloud buildup on our flight and disappeared from sight. The cloud buildup was between 12,000 and 15,000 feet high (estimate).

The sky was clear and well illuminated by a bright moon above the clouds, affording continuous unobstructed observation of the object for approximately one minute prior to disappearing from sight.

We landed at Pittsburgh at 0330 hours.

UNCLASSIFIED
                                                    T52-11973

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10