The image contains a photograph depicting two round objects in the sky. The text in the document describes a proposed Schmidt system and its use in a sighting station to study unidentified flying objects. It mentions details about the equipment, cost, and operation of the sighting station. The text appears to be an excerpt from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

The proposed Schmidt System is so completely color corrected that an accurate photograph is a permanent focus. The rotation of the grating is introduced to prevent the unfortunate case where the travel of the object would be at some point of the travel the object appears would be at right angles to the direction of travel. It shutters are related.

The introduction of time by the shutter is all that is necessary during any one exposure. The objects about it the following manner and when fully understood it will be appreciated that the shutters introduced here will simplify the operations considerable. The shutters every 10 or 15 minutes is sufficient within this period. The velocity will be determined by the shutter cutting the track of a constant must travel. If a distance and absolute change of an object are to be determined the object must be seen by at least two sighting stations. This gives the well known triangulation or analysis. The track in space against a stellar background is given in both plates for the two sightings. The velocity however, is only one axis from this comes the position. Thus time is determined. The direction and distance location from this comes the absolute position; from this comes the absolute size of the object. The velocity and spectral analysis are made from the data other date.

The equatorial mount and its spring drive are old friends in the astronomical observatory business. The drive to eliminate star travel for periods of 10-12 minutes merely quite stand by for present standards.

The use of springs to drive the mechanisms as indicated previously are perfectly feasible. Springs hive been suggested to increase the independence of the sighting station from electrical power connections.

The estimated cost of the Sighting Station in lots of 100 would be about $3000 apiece.

JOHN E. CLEMENS 
Chief, Physics Research Branch
Flight Research Laboratory
Research Division