This image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a page from an old Air Intelligence Information Report document, specifically case number 1952-09-6382936 from Tokyo, Japan.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: Lt(jg) A.J. Norwood, USN
ATTN: Office, D/i PFAF

1. The following letter concerning radar contact with unidentified objects was received from this office and forewarded for your information:

SOURCE: M/Sgt. Joseph P. Wehling, AF 37,l53, 1956-1 AACS Detachment, NCOTC, GCA Section.

SUMMARY: On 2013 LST, 6 Sept 1952 source observed an unidentified object on the scope of the GCA radar at the Tokyo Air Base (Tachikawa Air Base). The object appeared as a very bright target and traveled at an estimated speed of 500-600 mph. The original target remained on the scope for 15 minutes while others were only observed for a period of from 2 to 3 minutes. The original target remained on the scope for 15 minutes.

The targets did not maintain formation.

During periods of various directions the targets remained in the NE quadrant from the field.

The range of the targets varied from 6 to 14 mile from the field.

There was no aircraft traffic reported in the local area at the time of the sighting.

Source was unable to locate the targets by visual means.

The visual sighting was described as 7 miles in scope, about the size of an F-80 aircraft, caused by a G-13, aircraft. Varying speeds from the estimated 20,000 broken clouds, visibility 7 miles, wind from NW at 2 mph, temperature 59°, dew point 75°.

Short AB (32 lon 12 lat) was the time the targets were picked up and what the radar presented as returns from the objects. From a standpoint of pure speculation, correlation might be given to the possibility that migratory birds which have arrived in that area might on this occasion have presented a radar pattern somewhat comparable to that produced by the objects.

This report was not forwarded by electrical means due to the low evaluation.

COMMENT BY PREPARING OFFICER:
Object is estimated as being approximately 55 miles NE-East of Haneda AFB. The object was found in the Southwest quadrant of that station. The radar operator search for GCA is not believed to be normally capable of picking up birds with sufficient clarity to be noticeable; however, it should not be entirely discounted as a possibility, especially on the basis that the objects maintained a very steady course over a period of 15 minutes.