The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
1. On 5 August 1952 at approximately 2300 hours, SOURCE was awakened by his wife and asked to look at a lighted object which could be seen from the bedroom window. The initial sighting of the object was orange in color, which gradually changed to an opalescer greenish blue. The object was circular in shape, but was not as brilliant as the original orange color. The source could not tell the exact size of the object, and the aerodynamic characteristics could not be determined, nor was there any trail of the object, but compared to a 14cm anti-aircraft tracer fired at its trajectory, he was familiar with the observed flight path, nature and speed of the object, which he judged to be greater than 500 mph, and at an altitude of 10,000 (5,000) feet. The sky was clear with a full moon shining at the time of observation. ETIME estimated the strange object was sighted at thirty (30) seconds. At the same time that SOURCE saw the object, he also saw an aircraft SOURCES estimated as twenty-five hundred (2,500) to three thousand (3,000) feet above the object. He identified the aircraft as an F-51 type. He said the unidentified object was characteristic entity, and also very rapid in its movements, but did not describe or identify the aircraft further.
2. SOURCE observed the object for approximately thirty (30) seconds, at 2300 hours, 5 August 1952.
3. SOURCE observed the object visually.
4. The point of observation was from SOURCE's bedroom window which faced due south and the location of source is approximately two (20) miles south of Valdosta, Georgia. (30/SCN-83/17). From where SOURCE was standing at the window, the object was at an angle of forty-five (45) degrees above his head.
5. SOURCE appeared "willing and gave his answers in a straightforward manner". His manner to the interviewer was found to be sincere and cooperative. He appeared to be an honest and truthful individual for fifteen (15) years, all this time as a photographer. He was an aerial photographer in the ALEUTIANS during World War II, and was a photographer on OPERATIONS CROSSROADS in 1946. He had returned from Korea on 1 March 1952, after eighteen (18) months there as PHOTO RECONNAISSANCE COORDINATOR. 
6. A check with the Moody Air Force Base weather station confirmed the weather conditions on the night of the sighting to be ceiling and visibility unlimited; winds aloft conditions unknown. A full moon was present at the time of the sighting.
7. Negative.
8. Negative.
9. Negative.