There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book report document. The image appears to be a scanned page of text from the report.

Here is the text from the document:

After the interview with Capt. Garney's officers, they returned to West Palm Beach International Airport to Capt. Garney's office. This was about 2 o'clock on the afternoon that the incident had just taken place. It was understood that Capt. Garney did not want any of this reported and he stated that if the press got hold of this incident it would be very serious. The officers stated that the incident had just left his office after conferring with him. Garney hesitated a little bit because he had not expected this answer but did think that this was just another incident of which he had had a number recently and which he attributed to jet fighters that had left that afternoon that had broken his contract with them.

He stated that when he had broken his contract with the jet fighters, he advised with the Air Force and said that any reputable editor in the United States would contact him before he bought the story and the last thing he would be to do would be to drag his friends' names in the public prints. He stated that when it came to release this story, that the Air Force would be glad to welcome the story, but they would not like to connect the names. 

On 13 September 1952, Capt Ruppelt and Capt Garney attended a boy scout meeting in a church in West Palm Beach, Fla. in order to address the boy scouts who had complained about the incident and to talk to a Mr. Capt. who was the boy scout troop chairman. They were rather excited and nervous about the whole thing and in many ways rather unnerved about it. Capt Ruppelt was impressed with Capt. Garney, however, Capt. Garney was a little bit nervous. All three men collaborated the first part of the incident so it will be given as a general statement. 

They stated that they did not see a straight nose, however, they first went out to a local restaurant and they had a cold drink and proceeded in the direction of a drive-in theatre west of West Palm Beach. The boys were under the impression that something was going to happen and they decided not to go to the drive-in. However they were very vague about this point. This was the only time in the interview that they seemed to be attempting to cover up anything. It was not determined exactly what they were trying to cover up, or anything. They arrived at this conclusion which is used for some our feeling and stated that they were under the impression was going to be a special incident which they decided not to go through, but the track and there were no cars in progress at the time. They stayed at the track for several minutes and then departed toward the street for several minutes and then departed toward the street for a military installation until toward the track. They stayed at the track for several minutes and then departed toward the street for a military installation.