The document contains two drawings. One drawing depicts a character resembling a cheerful ghost with a pointed head, wide eyes, a broad smile, and two simple arms. The text below labels it as "2nd Lt Robert Sonnett, pilots." The other drawing shows a simplified depiction of an airplane's tail and cone, marked with the label "TAIL CONE." Below this label, there are differently sized trailing lines representing perhaps motion or orientation. The text below labels this drawing as "2nd Lt James V. Wallace, Radar Observers."

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
(From 142d Tac Intcp Sqdn
New Castle County Ap'plt, Delaware
DATE
PAGE 1 of 2 PAGES

In accordance with AFI 200-5, 29 April 1952, the following report is sub
mitted.

While on combat air patrol an unidentified brilliant white light was
sighted off the coast of New Jersey at approximately 2045 Eastern Standard Time on
12 October 1952. Aircraft was approximately twenty-five (25) miles North of Atlantic
City at the time and the light was sighted at approximately 2 o'clock high. Object
was at first believed to be a star but this was discounted as the object appeared
to gradually lose altitude, and in comparison with the stars in the area the object was
far more brilliant. At this point the GCI station was called and asked if they had
a contact and anything in that area. The controller reported that he had a faint
contact and vectored the aircraft on a heading of 090 degrees which is toward the 2 or
3 degrees. The course which would have taken the aircraft straight for the unknown
object. The aircraft was at an indicated altitude of 20,000 feet and the object
was located approximately 20 to 30 degrees above the aircraft at a reported distance
of several miles. While flying toward the light at an indicated air speed of 250
knots, the bright object appeared to move gradually to the right and also gain in
altitude to a position of approximately 40 to 45 degrees above the observers. Both
observers at this time thought that the object could possibly have been an aircraft
in's great distance with its landing lights on. However, after flying toward the
object for about 10 minutes, both observers agree that the object appeared as do-
cular to egg shaped with what appeared to be a mid-wing with approximately 30 to 120
degrees dihedral. Directly below and as a part of the circular section there appear-
ed a tail or cone shape section of the same brilliant white light, ''huh comes on or
call station seemed to vary in size, sometimes appearing short and then longer.
Sketches by the two observers are shown below.

The object when described was likened to an F-86 aircraft standing on its nose except
that while the fuselage of an F-86 is long and slim the object was oblong or egg
shaped. The complete object as pictured above glowed with the same bright white
light. The object appeared to remain in the same general area and there was no
indication of contrails, sound or maneuvers with the exception of a gradual change
in position in both elevation and azimuth, as described above. Observers could
note no exhaust or propulsion methods as the entire object glowed with a brilliant
white light, Observers suggested that the tail of white light which projected
below the cylindrical portion, which varied in size, could have been an exhaust
since it was of the same color as the rest of the object, indicating its toothless
flame the color would have differed. The GCI station finally lost contact with

NOTE THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U. S. C.,
31 AND 32, AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED
BY LAW.
IT MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN WHOLE OR IN PART, BY OTHER THAN UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AGENCIES, EXCEPT BY PERMISSION OF THE DIRECTOR OF
INTELLIGENCE, USAF.