There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

1. On the afternoon of 17 April 1952 the undersigned took a group of Enlisted observer personnel from AACS Radar Station: All men were members of the AACS TSU on duty at this station.

2. Between 1505 and 1510 hours PST one of the men, who has a degree in physical sciences, called attention to the group to an object directly overhead. At this time the group was about 100 yards north of the main hangar on the Arizona side of the River. The object was seen immediately by the entire group.

3. The object which appeared flat-white, with no visible signs of structure such as wings, or tail assembly. It had no exhaust smoke or vapor trail. It appeared flat-white, as a dime might appear at an elevation of 50 or 60 feet. The angular diameter as viewed by the group was about six or eight degrees elevation. The object remained stationary over the horizon, and was very close to, and did not move more than seven or eight degrees in any direction. In fact, its position was so constant that we were able to accurately plot its course with a compass. The group was instructed that if any subsequent sightings are made, they should not any longer than necessary, this and not any longer, than a continuous five or ten seconds. The group was also instructed to note the altitude, angular size, color, shape, maneuvers and disappearance of the object.

4. The group observed the object for approximately five to eight minutes. At the end of this period the object simply disappeared. It did not gradually fade out, or move slowly out of sight. It just simply vanished. Immediately, the group discussed the phenomenon, but could not offer any satisfactory explanation. Laboratory analysis subsequently verified that the object was not any form of weather balloon, aircraft or astronomical phenomena. 

5. The group was instructed that if any subsequent sightings are made, they should not look at the object any longer than necessary, this and not any longer, than a continuous five or ten seconds. The group was also instructed to note the altitude, angular size, color, shape, maneuvers and disappearance of the object.

6. On the following day CAPT. XXXXX and 1ST LT. XXXXX reported another sighting while practicing with a theodolite. The description of the object was similar to the one observed on the previous day, except that this time the object appeared to be silvery in color.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 25 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED