Are presently investigating in urdhaa. It may be true that they have
supernumerary aviators. As for surprise in what we did also just "is obvious. This type of working in the same group
used by CIA and forces under CIA, there is much effect as if
one charged a journalist literally a manger that comes with a car.
"we" with was to Marrakech by thousands with vigence rives, and we
have church of flying saucers in our stretch vollage.

You apparently cannot the opinions of scientists only;
consider "here you get the positive result by scientists at A.C.Z., request, which expressed his opinion that a
saucersville as is may seem, some of the U.S.F.I.S. must be or interested. The reporter's this reporter was mentioned in fora, previously
on T did or cods strike. A prominent Washington columnist any this
report, listed with other mass men who were called in to see it. They
all said possible from t.have one of distances his
personal letter to us from this columnist tells me that we, in "very
saw this report, and that the reporters had reached a promise of
new copy from is latest "in addition. He said on all close
hit, following, in spite of "persistent efforts on our part. He told
me i thought that is approaching decisions (presidential, since we
needed a show on withdrawn that company is to lie in issue.
he made any moves in direct haste to make until after elections. Well,
where is that report from the enlisted group now? Why has it been kept
from us? We thought it ought to stay that it hadn't it's been
placed, how is it done. Who acts you must think without needing all
around "cases corner. It is all been kept, sacred. A fact is a fact,
specially to a journalist.

You claim that the great bulk of pilot reports have been
analyzed. Edited to the satisfaction of every U.S. men of the A.F.
investigation has been an investigator as you say, then it follows
that many of the conclusion are unjustified and a result is less
comprehensive you going over again, all of these incongruent reports?

You speak of burden of proof. When a solitaire's a sighting
is mostly written down and shelted with a sign of relief, who has
served beat a pilot and a reflectiveness as his crystal formation or
a balloon on that in wan form of other natural causes." I have
photographed this descriptive image as proof? Has the A.F. issued any
of "sightings" which pilots have been climb up out of sight in the
most romantic s side itself? Where is it?

"To that the objects radar each, military pilots and civilian pilots
new near Washington for C hours one nights and B hours another night
was held delivered There is the earth that all of the would it
is dental swarms glarily attracted" by a "random" or "cosmic"
is cause to me that the "solutions" are rather empty grounds. "Poor
it comes repetitive conspiracy is a position in a night
drive on night I proof. Does proof mean they to be described of it
all to it's existence is that found it? Then who has touched Jesus, talked
to saved" wrestling that all can can are not heard. What can
years? fairy accurately what they lead he "student of proof," is not
only over on the person or persons reporting the experience. it also
tests heavily on those who are attempting to solve the reports and
who claim, in writing, to have solved so many cases. If the "solution"
reports are so "valued" is not even "decent" the A.F. insists all
of the reports. At corn, through the department of public relations?
Can you give me a good reason why not after so many requests?