The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an official report or analysis regarding a fireball sighting on April 25, 1952.

The text in the document is as follows:

1952 April 25.60 G.M.T. 
A.M.S. No. 2395

In our files are found 12 reports of an extremely brilliant fireball which appeared on the above date at 11.55 p.m. One of the 12 reports is from Washington, N.C, one from 5 miles south, one from 25 miles north, as all observers lay along a south north line. The fireball was observed by Donald Brogdon of Washington, N.C. who states that the fireball exploded with a blinding flash and was blue or green and its size excessive, estimates of the latter ranging from one-half to three times the size of the full moon. As observed through a telescope its angular diameter was about 5 degrees which would indicate a true size of about a mile in diameter. Further details show the duration of the passage 3 to 5 seconds, the path traversed as about 70 degrees, and the altitude at the beginning about 40 degrees, while at the end was about 10 degrees above the horizon. Declinational and linear heights can be obtained from the data. The path probably ended near the Vir-PC border. Evidently, however, it was not the Lyrid meteors, but some other phenomenon, though as yet no estimates could be obtained, it seemed worth while to put this remarkable fireball on record.

FIREBALL of 1951 August 10.61 G.M.T.
A.M.S. No. 2294

On this date at about 8:32 p.m., C.S.T., a fireball was observed from the Chicago-Milwaukee area, and some 225 reports were gathered by the A.M.S. Planetarium and eventually sent to A.M.S. headquarters. There has been a long delay in solving the path of the principal body to which these reports refer. A detailed study is planned and preliminary result indicates that the fireball came from the northwest. This is due to the fact, besides others, that the date, fireballs were doubtless present in numbers and some observers did not discern the length of the duration which was under one second, Enough brightness, however, to cause lights to be turned on in rooms where the flash was observed. Only about 6 people, tried to estimate sizes and attitudes, and neither of these as having any value for measurement. The half of the reports as having no value for these points.