The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

Intelligence Division
U.S. USFW - Andrews AF Base,
Washington 25, D.C.
IR-897-52

TWO AIR FRANCE PILOTS ENCOUNTER A STRANGE FOG

1. Statement by the pilots Arnoul and Boumard: "As 1923 hours, local time (7 Oct 52), we noted (the town of) Breguignan, when suddenly, at 50 meters altitude, we were encompassed by a continuous and brilliant luminous cloud, which obscured all visibility, except for our instrument panel. This fog was absolutely straight and level. It seemed to be continuous and stationary. When it left us, it did so rapidly, in the same manner that it had appeared."

2. "We have estimated the lightning-like speed of the object at 2 or 3 times that of an aircraft at full speed. Over a determination can be made that the object was circular in shape, had a diameter of 5-6 meters, and was brilliantly luminous. From what we saw, we had the feeling that it was in the much larger volume than a normal cloud."

3. Joint Statement by the Pilots: "There is nothing in common between the observation made on a machine, perfectly driven, without a hitch, and the usually sudden and usually brief, unaccountable apparition of a luminous object in the sky. This apparition is usually stopping, and usually burns out. There is no comparison, in our opinion, between the smooth running of the machine and the brutality of the apparition."

4. In the 6 October edition, "France Soir" followed up by running another story. This article stated that the pilots claimed that as a result of this incident, it had been necessary to have their eyes examined, and they have been found to have suffered disturbances in their eyesight. They were then grounded from flying for the time being.

5. The article then goes on to state that, although the observatory at N... did not see the "flying eggs", there were many witnesses who are sure that it was not a casual or natural phenomenon.

CHARLES J. FOUIEY
Capt., USAF