HQ ACTIC MARS
WRIGHT AFB, O.

FB-548-52                                                           1

INTELLIGENCE (PRIORITY) REPORT
(Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting)
AFI 200-5

1. On 4 August 1952 at 1645 local time, Mr. [REDACTED], of [REDACTED] Village, Honolulu, T.H., observed two (2) objects in the sky which is believed to be flying discs.

2. Upon interrogation by the Intelligence Officer of the 1500th Air Base Wing, Mr. [REDACTED] stated that he observed two green colored disc-shaped objects about 6 to 8 inches in diameter hovering over Hickam Air Force Base in very close formation. The objects were shaped like a dinner plate with the center portion and tapering outward to a thin edge. These objects were observed in a spinning, rotating fashion at a rapid estimated speed of about 400 miles per hour. The objects were observed for a period of about 5 seconds [REDACTED] stated that one of the objects suddenly cleared immediately to the other object causing the other to disappear in a spinning motion and disappeared causing a disturbance of the air so that produced a wave-like motion as it sped away. There was no audible sound or noises emanating from the object. The outstanding recognition feature of the object was its plate-like appearance. It is estimated that the object was about the size of a conventional fighter plane.

3. The objects when reported were at an altitude of about 2,000 feet. Further interrogation revealed that the observer saw the objects at a 35° to 40° angle. No attempt was made at sighting. The distance from the observer to the objects could not be estimated at the time of the sighting. The observer stated that there were at least two planes in the vicinity of the objects. No report of a flying object was made by any military personnel on that date. Although hundreds of civilians on foot could not observe the objects from the vicinity (the sighting occurred between the end of the normal working day), no other reports were received on the sighting.

COMMENT BY PREPARING OFFICER:

1. The objects were allegedly hovering in an area located between John Rodgers (Honolulu International Airport) and Hickam Air Force Base. No report of unidentified hovering objects by military and civilian aircraft. Neither military nor civilian control towers sighted any strange objects in the area.

2. The observer is a telephone repair man by trade and has been living in the vicinity of Hickam Air Force Base for a period of 10 years. His knowledge of aircraft is quite extensive.

NED J. PATTIE
1st Lt., USAF
Intelligence Officer