There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JULIE 1948
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM US...
Hing intelligonce
35th Ftg-.ntop Wg., APO 994
REPT NO.
IR-1-52 .... 
PAGE OF PAGES

Statement of 1st Lt G. S. Day ADCC Controller at Johnson A/R,

At 2355T on 5 Aug 52, I scrambled one (1) F-94 alert aircraft to attempt to intercept and identify an unidentified aircraft or aerial object, reported to this ADCC through Shiroi GCI from visual sighting reports by Haneda tower operators. At report of progress of intercept came into ADCC, I logged this time. when recording of all reports was made, but due to conditions of communications and recorder, this recording is unreadable. My contacts were all made with Lt Albert, duty controller at the Shiroi GCI section, who was controlling the F-94.

The F-94 was unable to close on the unidentified aircraft or object, after positive one radar contact on its reported location; After a patrol search the F-94 landed. My records show this sighting remains unidentified.

G. S. Day
G. S. DAY
1st Lte., USAF
ADCC Controller

Statement of 1st Lt Melvin E Rawlins, Controller at Shiroi
At approximately 2300 hours, 5 Aug 52, while on duty as controller at Det 5th 528th AC&W Group, I received from the Haneda tower operator that they could see a bright light off !)BGSQu BYq; northwst of their station at approximately 00-lsoo'Clock. I relayed this information to ADCC and started checking for an interception. The radar scopes, both high and low beam, There were three (3) four (4) blips on low beam but none I could distinctly get a movement on or small I could get a reading on the HI scopes At 2345 hours I was relieved by Lt Albert, _ 

- 1st Le Melvin E. Rawlins is stationed at Shiroi and is not immediately availe. able to sign narrative statement

Statement of 1st Lt Henry E. Albert, Controller at Shirot.

The undesigned officer reported for work at Site #8, at 2345T, 5 Aug 52. Controller being relived informed me of an unusual sighting reported to him by Haneda tower operators. This was reported to me as being a lighted object hovering north-east of Haneda. After discussion with ADCC controller, it was decided that an F-94, should be scrambled to investigate.

At the time of scramble, I had what was believed to be the object in radar contact. The radar sighting indicated the object to be due south of this station over Tokyo Bay and approximately eight (8) miles northeast of Haneda. the target was in a right orbit moving at varying speeds. It was impossible to estimate speed due to the short distance and times involved.               

```