There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the statement by an AN/APS-23 operator dated 24 December 1952 regarding a Convair flight.

The text of the document is as follows:

SUBJECT: FLYOBJECT

Statement by AN/APS-23 operator, 24 December 1952, Convair flight on 21-12-1952, type B-36.

The AN/APS-23 with C-l12 control is used as search radar on this airplane. At the time it was requested to aid in detecting the phenomenon I was in search position and was also informed that in level flight, search condition, the best ground return was obtained with -7 degrees antenna tilt. It then reduced range to the stock position which removed the five mile range mark from the scope, and upon this fact I was informed that the minimum range on the scope at 14.5 miles should be considered. A target then appeared coming from the 5 o'clock position and antenna tilt to zero position on scale the described targets began to appear. I then found my next targets range from were to 26 degrees.
Since the targets were in the same proximity as the AN/APS-41 had indicated, I also observed a more distinct outline in similar CFI attitude. In similar CFI attitude, I would say that they would be between 20 to 25 miles distant, they appeared to be locked on. The AN/APS-41 operator would call out range of lock on, and my range would be comparable to his. I detected a second target further out (approximately one mile), and on several occasions I could see another target to the right by 15 degrees either side of the one up the center. These targets were very sharp and bright, and followed it out of the scope and with RF gain could be turned very bright. However, they were unusual in the fact that they did not track but rather the edge of the scope but would appear on the scope at a range of two to four miles. They also might remain constant for several sweeps, and then the next sweep they would be gone. Several sweeps later they might again appear. In this manner they would disappear at the same time the AN/APS-41 would unlock.
We next checked to see if the two sets were mutually interfering with each other by turning the AN/APS-41 to standby. No interference was observed.

R. O. CARLINGTON
AN/APS-23 Operator
Dept. 12-1