The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old newspaper or magazine called "Detroit Free Press" dated May 9, 1952.

The text in the document is as follows:

METRO FINAL
WE VISIT ADRIAN
Reporter Louis Cook Tells
About Bustling City,
with Pictures by
Doug Kenney

Collision a Meteor?
ST. ROCKS SEATTLE

"7,000 feet when it suddenly Another sighting might have been a little was inclind to doubt that the meteor which looked like chain light- described mass could even be ning passing to the earth, said as 7,000 feet.

Whipple, a Harvard astrono- "Meteorites usually explode mer, when interviewed for the 10 to 15 miles up," he said.
Associated Press.

"However, if a meteor happens, and the reported fracture of the explosion is from GREATER than the usual
velocity, then it was somewhat smaller than the usual bright- er, AN ASTRONOMER at the meteors." Yerkes Observatory, Lake Geneva, Wis., said the Seattle disturbance apparently was caused
by a large meteor —- a "big meteor as bright as a second magnitude star," he said.

"METEORS' surfaces burn "We believe it was up ground and then explode on approaching the earth's lower atmos- a very high, he said, and phere," the Yerkes expert said. the crater found, believed to Fragments are seldom be in Alberta, is very small."
seen, he explained. Canada appear to die from
as a result of the friction, rather than the tremendous heat."
THREE SEATTLE police patrol reported the ob- jects exploded over Green Lake in North Seattle at about 1:0 A.M. 
Sidney Horwitz, weather observer at the Seattle-Tacoma Airport, said the weather had been highly unusual, with a "lifting-off thing" lasting two seconds at most.
"Everything turned blue. As soon as it went out there were streams or something falling down in those trees. That came in three or four minutes later. I heard the rumble."
Most observers agreed the object was traveling from northwest to southeast, and some thought it broke in two before disappearing.
Two or three minutes later there were no reports of damage or recovered fragments.