The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report, likely part of Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

Output of the text in the document:

AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED: 1 JUNE 1952
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: MAJOR ARTHUR P. RUPLE, OPERATING OFFICER
A-12, TSUAX-BEAM, HIGHTSTOWN, N. J.    ID-31-525                        PAGE     4     OF    10     PAGES
During the course of an investigation a sightseeing party was made which lasted for over 1/2 hour. Details have been very carefully obtained from the crew of the aircraft and members of the sightseeing party who were aboard. The details tend to be precise and identical in the various descriptions, leading us to conclude that the data has been very accurately obtained.  
The described objects were clearly visible and were observed to maneuver in a manner which could not be duplicated by any known aircraft. The objects were circular in shape, appeared metallic, and gave off a bright glow, which seemed to pulsate or flicker. The objects were observed to make extremely sharp turns and stops, and appeared to have a very high rate of speed. They were observed to climb rapidly into the clouds and disappear from view. No noise was heard from the objects at any time.
The undisputed reliability of the observers and their complete lack of any known association with the subject of unidentified flying objects leads us to attach great significance to this sighting, and we respectfully submit this report for your information.
"JULY 10 1952"
This is to confirm and date in writing, as to an object sighted in the sky on 
Objects: A bright, shining, metallic-looking circular object. The object was first noticed by a member of the sightseeing party at approximately 5:35 pm. The object was observed for a period of about 30 minutes. During this time it was observed to make extremely sharp turns, stops, and rapid climbs, not possible for any known aircraft. The object appeared to be about the size of a large automobile. Its color was metallic and it gave off a bright glow which seemed to pulsate or flicker. At times the object appeared to be surrounded by a halo of light. The object was at an estimated altitude of 7,000 to 10,000 feet, and at one point appeared to be trailing what looked like smoke or vapor. At the end of the 30 minute observation period, the object suddenly climbed rapidly into the clouds and disappeared from view.
Conditions: Very clear, no winds, very slight breeze blowing from the northeast. Visibility excellent.
The reason why I called the Air Force at Park was, I was very much impressed by what I saw, and I wished to notify the proper authorities that this object had been observed, and I firmly believe that it was not any type of known aircraft, and I sincerely hope that this information will be of value in your investigations.