There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

The text in the document reads:

"The undersigned, on the 29th of July, 1952, was on a routine training mission, acting in the capacity of radar observer. In our flight over the area of 5,848 square miles, we had just finished six instrument passes on a B-29 aircraft at approximately 9,000 feet. After completing our instrument check, we observed an unidentified object approximately 25 miles north of us, at an altitude between 15,000 and 20,000 feet. We saw what appeared to be a group of smaller objects trailing the main object. This was kept under observation for approximately ten minutes. We were then told to look higher. By pilot, Captain Edward J. Ruppelt and myself, I was picked up at target on my scope at 60 degrees, until I kept the pilot in a starboard turn until I lost the target due to the turn. The unidentified object, when I looked at the scope, appeared to be moving at a speed over 500 mph. It was observed by three pilots and two radar observers in an area over Albuquerque, New Mexico. After the target disappeared from my scope, we tried unsuccessfully to regain contact with it. The object was giving a positive radar return, was several miles in diameter, and was level with us (at approximately 15,000 feet). After it jumped to 50,000 feet in a matter of seconds, it then jumped up to 350 knots (TAS) and gave chase. During the chase, GCI kept advising us on the target's movements, which were staying approximately ten miles ahead of us. The pilots and radar observers were unanimous in describing the object as silver or metallic, approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter, and oblong-shaped. There is no other means of identification, other than visual and radar detection, although the sequence of events and bluish-white exhaust that is visible is the only means of substantiating our story. I have never experienced any sighting like this before."

The document is signed by "Victor W. Yeaman, 1st Lt, USAF, Radar Observer".