UNCLASSIFIED [originally CONFIDENTIAL]

DETACHMENT 2
4672nd Ground Observer Squadron
Fargo Filter Center
Fargo, North Dakota

27 April 1952

SUBJECT: Report of Unconventional Airborne Objects

TO: Commanding General
    Air Materiel Command
    Attention: MCIS
    Wright Patterson Air Force Base
    Dayton, Ohio

1. In compliance with ADCL 200-1 dated 11 April 1951, the following report is respectfully submitted.

2. The following information is not the result of an observation of the undersigned; simply hearsay evidence from citizens of Moorhead, Minnesota and Fargo, North Dakota.

a. On or about 2145 hours 25 April 1952, a call from the Fargo Police Department was received by this writer. The reason: Airborne objects that glowed were seen "Very High" directly over the City of Moorhead, Minnesota between 2100 and 2145 hours. The glowing objects hereinafter referred to as "Disks" appeared in wide "V" formation consisting of five (5) disks per flight in five (5) flights approximately eight (8) minutes apart. Direction of flight was consistently South to North. No shape, other than "round" was apparent. Size could not be determined since disks were travelling very high. No trails of vapor or exhaust were seen. No obvious means of propulsion were apparent nor was there any noise made by any disk. Formation was described as wide "V" but irregular, or more specifically, rather sloppy, in that the disk pilots, if such is the case, appeared to have trouble maintaining constant speed and altitude.

b. Time of observation between 2100 and 2145 hours. Actual sighting time per flight of disks: about four (4) seconds, after which time disks suddenly disappeared.

c. Manner of observation was visual and no binoculars or other optical assistants were employed. Speed, altitude and type of aircraft were unknown. Form surface of disk unknown. Only description pertinent to same was "a glowing ball." No electronic equipment was available for use.

d. Location of observer was on Southwest corner of Third Avenue South and Sixth Street South in Moorhead, Minnesota. Objects were sited directly overhead moving north. Altitude unknown.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED