There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an unidentified flying object (UFO) investigation program conducted by the United States Air Force.

Here is the text from the document, produced using optical character recognition (OCR):

SUBJECT: (U) Unidentified Radar Returns 
TRAIL ATTAR
XG-AATAD-5 	     FROM:  ATIAC-P 	     DATE: 3 June 53    COMMENT NO. 2

1. The incident reported as happening at Granite City, Illinois, 13 Feb 53, cannot be verified by further investigation. However, it appears that there was some malfunction of the radar equipment, and that the signals obtained were not produced by any airborne object. It is very likely that there was some malfunctioning of the radar, although the report indicates that the signals were not operating normally. It is very doubtful that additional data obtained at this late date would be of value in establishing a valid explanation, since 13 Feb 53.

2. The radar data contained in the report from Carwell AFB, dated 13 Feb 53, is not sufficient for analysis purposes. For instance, there is no indication that the target observed on this radar was moving target, and it indicates that there was no temperature inversion and moisture lapse evident above the horizon, although the report stated that a check indicated that no definite indication of a temperature inversion existed.

3. The following information is in reply to paragraph 4 of Comment No. 1:

"The properties of the atmosphere which determine the refractive index (bending) and which change with height are temperature, pressure, and moisture content. 

"Excessive refraction occurs when there is a rapid decrease of moisture with height (moisture lapse) and to a lesser degree when there is temperature inversion. These conditions account for an increase of refraction which results in a rapid increase of elevation of the radar target with height (temperature inversion). The most pronounced cases of excessive refraction occur when both of these conditions prevail at the same time."

4. This comment is classified [REDACTED].

[DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS]
DECLASSIFIED 16 DEC 55

UNCLASSIFIED
SECRECY INFORMATION
SECRET