The document page does not contain any photographs.

OCR Text:

```
-2-

and two thousand reports dealing with thia area. And out of
that maas of reports that we've received wo've been able to
take th1nge which were originally unidentified and dispose of
tham to our satisfaction In terms of bulk where we came to the
conclusion that thase thfnga were aither friendly aircraft
erroneously recognized or reported, hoaX88, Quite a few of
those, elect-ronic and maeteorological phanomenaon of one sort
or another, light aberrations, and many other things.

However, there have remained a percentege of this
total. in the ord~r of t:v«enty per oent of tbe reports, tha. t
have come from credible observers of relatively incredible
things. And becw1se of those things not being pcissible for
us to move along and associate With the kind of things that
we've found can be 1BBYYclated with the bulk of these reports,
we keep en being concerned about them.

However, I'd like to a&y that the difficulty with
disposing of these reports is largely based upon the lack of
any standi:ud measurement or any ability to measure these things
which 11ave bean reported briefly by some, more elaborately by
others, but with no measuring devices that can convert the
thing or the idea or the phenomenon into something that becomas
manllgeable· as material for arzy kind of. analysts that we know.
We take some of these tbinge and we try to get the best pro-
fessional advice, if we can,- from them, about them, and ws're
in much the same position of trying to bring to the good honest
workmen of science a piece or material that .1las no utility
because it doesn't have the kinc! of measurements ln it that he
can use. And, as a consequence, he has to reject these th1nga
and say, vectil you can bring me something more substantial
than that, I can't make any progress."

eo our need, really, is to get the measurement value
on these an4, in the interim, lacking sufficient measure of
these things to make them amenable to real analysts, we have
to say that our real interest in this project is not one of
inte1lectual curiosity but Is tn trying to establish and
appraise the possibility of a menace to the United States.
And we can @ay, BS of now, that there has been no pattern th&t
reveals anything remotely like purpose or remotely like con-
sistency that we can in any way associate with any menace to
the United States.

Now, we do want to continue in the interests of
intellectual curiosity or tl'le contributions t.o be made to
scientific measurements, but our main interest Is going to
```