There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old classified UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICIAL SECURITY INFORMATION

DETAILS:

1. This investigation is opened at the direction of the District Commander predicated upon information furnished this District by Mr. and Mrs. SB who reported sighting an aerial phenomenon on 29 June 1952.

AT WILLIAMS AIR FORCE BASE, ARIZONA

2. On 1 July 1952, Mr. and Mrs. SB reported to the writer that they observed on 29 June 1952 about 2100 hours, 30 June 1952, when they suddenly became aware of a bright light of unusual brilliance about 10 degrees above the horizon and in an easterly direction from their position. The light, according to their description, appeared to be 3/4 the size of the moon and casting a definite shimmering, pulsating of a white light of unusual brilliance. Mr. SB stated that he has done a great deal of observing the night sky and that he has never seen a light that appeared quite the same as this one. After getting out of the car they observed the light for a period of approximately five (5) minutes. As they watched, the object traveled downward at a tremendous rate of speed until it disappeared near the horizon. It suddenly blinked out, when it reappeared momentarily, then spread. After two (2) or three (3) seconds, it suddenly blinked out again. Then appeared about two (2) or three (3) seconds later, both Mr. and Mrs. SB to be at least several miles away and traveled much faster than any known aircraft. They estimated it moved in excess of 1000 miles per hour. They stated the object was slightly larger than a full moon, Both stated they were startled and were not sure if they could actually see it for about thirty (30) seconds. Mr. SB is apparently of average intelligence. He and Mrs. SB are apparently of average intelligence. Mr. and Mrs. SB also stated that the object made no audible sound.

3. No other reports concerning this sighting have been received by this District and this case is considered closed.

UNCLASSIFIED