The image contains a photograph of two spherical objects in the sky, described in the accompanying text as "Twin Objects sighted in White Plains, N.Y." The text provides a detailed description of the objects, including their movements and the observer's attempt to sketch them. However, the image does not contain any human faces, so I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals.

Subject-Twin Objects sighted in White Plains, N.Y. 
Fig. 11. Here are the spheres, including frame, tilted upward very suddenly. This unusual ascending and descending movement they made increased the noise as of a small steamer, such as the one that plies between Boston and Hingham.

As you will notice the top bar in this figure is practically unidentified and seems to be gadgets or attachments down in between the framework and spheres. However, this feature was altogether too indistinct for me to try to describe.

Fig. III. Only one big sphere remained, brilliant as when it made the right angles turns with it's twin, and the noise ceased somewhat at this point.

The one sphere remaining puzzled me as to why it was still visible, but I believe because of the sphere's altitude it could not be seen clearly as it completed the flight angle turn and one sphere was traveling directly behind the other in a straight away.

Fig. IV. This sphere was finally cut in halves like the first and then vanished instantaneously. The noise also ceased simultaneously. To get the exact effect of how they vanished from view you will see a strip of paper three quarters of an inch wide and draw it slowly across Fig. IV from right to left. You can now see what I mean.

Sunday August 24th, - I am investigating this case on which I had been asked to look into by a local gentleman. I first sighted these objects and reported to him that I thought I had been mistaken in saying they may have appeared more to the North Northeast. We agreed that they may have appeared more to the East Northeast.

I hope I have succeeded in giving you a clearer picture this time of this unidentified aerial object.

Very truly yours,

[REDACTED]