There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image shows text from a Project Blue Book document, which I will transcribe below.

the patient, telling them how bad off he really was. This was creating a lot of confusion in the hospital so the wheel chair was taken away from him and he was put back to bed, although at times he would telephone his Mother who would inquire about his condition and what was a bad condition he was in. This continued until Dr. Xxxxxx gave her a rather severe advice about the phone calls, knowing his grandson, that this conversation must be stopped as it was very bad for the patient. He also stated that at no time was the patient so grave as to be possibly a month, the doctor was not sure how long a period was necessary before he could be Discharged, however, he was definitely under the impression that the patient would recover. Dr. Xxxxx claimed paralysis, etc., was strictly hysterical and was not due to any injury or disease.

10. Mr. Xxxxx was contacted next. He stated that his only connection with the case was that Mrs Xxxxx had contacted him and requested the status of the claim, etc., but that the insurance company had found no injury and did not intend to pay. He stated, however, that he didn't remember the case very well and that the insurance company was still corresponding with letters from Mrs Xxxxx requesting the status of the claim.

11. Dr. Xxxxx was contacted by Capt Xxxxx and it Xxxxx. He stated that Mr. Xxxxx had worked for their garage as a mechanic starting in July 1950. He said that on the date of the accident Mr. Xxxxx was a very good worker and they couldn't go ten feet in the automobile without him having to stop and rest. He said this was very prone to exaggerate on all stories and that several times had done several things during their absence. On one occasion while they were in their office and the two other people left, there was a beer box wagon followed that they found that during their absence, Mr. Xxxxx had never proven in his ability. However, the time he had passed out checks. He was employed by these people when the automobile fell on him off the hoist.