The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report detailing an unclassified observation.

Transcribed text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT UNCLASSIFIED 

HO, 15 AFU BRANCH AIT-11-25-52 PAGE 2 OF 3 

In accordance with paragraphs 7o and 7d of Air Force Letter 200-5 the following information is submitted:

A. Observation of Capt Dougher (See attached statement)

1. The object as sighted was a bright yellowish-white light of indefinite size. four (4) were seen in a NE direction from Visaheaden, and were changing colors from yellowish-white to reddish-orange and again to yellowish-white. Captain Dougher was handling and the other three (3) traveling slowly. The objects appeared to be moving at high speed and seemed to be small, possibly not larger than an automobile. The whole observation took approximately (12) minutes, which is enough time for Captain Dougher to drive home (about 5 miles). Captain Dougher believes that the light was actual miles away. He sounds were heard and the lights showed some effect on the horizon.

2. The time of sighting was about 1925 hours before to 1910 hours.

3. Observation was visual from the ground.

4. Captain Dougher was in command of the initial "burst" appeared in the display. His lights appeared to be several miles away at an unknown altitude but seemed to be in formation.

5. Captain Dougher is a pilot, not currently on flying status. He is classified and visiting his mother at the time of observation.

6. The weather at the time of observation was clear, no clouds reported, and visibility more than fifteen (15) miles. Wind (0) miles.

7. No meteorological activity has been reported for this period.

8. No photographs were taken.

9. No interception was accomplished.

10. No comments on the aircraft traffic control were made at this time of observation.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT UNCLASSIFIED