There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text produced by the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

Recommended Action

It is recommended that the project be continued and a maximum effort made to obtain better reports as possible, thoroughly evaluate reports that appear credible and to obtain more qualitative data to account for this phenomenon. Such action would give a view of records as shown Feb 19.

a. A survey be made of qualified astronomical observatories in the U.S., one selected, and a contract negotiated for assistance to be given in evaluating reports and in conducting other observations.

b. Air Weather Service be contacted and a more positive system for obtaining weather and balloon data be worked out for both future and past conditions.

c. It be determined what agencies in the U.S. are launching high altitude research balloons (i.e., all balloon events regularly launched for weather observation balloons) and determine how ARC can get this data.

d. A survey be made of the potentialities of the Air Defense Command radar, ground observers, aircraft command to determine how they can be utilized without detracting from their normal mission.

e. A survey be made of the potentialities of presently installed instrumentation at Holloman Air Force Base, Patrick Air Force Base, and Edwards Air Force Base, and determine how they could be utilized in this program. (see par 8)

It is recommended to be established with the Photo Reconnaissance Laboratory of Wright Air Development Center (WADC) to evaluate supposedly valid photographs of sightings, not radar scope or similar films or photos that are submitted to ARC.

It is recommended to have project produce supporting studies and that the following studies be initiated in addition to the present substantial analytical and developmental work:

1. Possible correlation between sightings from this time to 1947 with satellite data.

2. Correlation of radiation measurements with unidentified aerial object reports.

- 15 -