The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document from Project Blue Book, with handwritten notes at the top and bottom.

OCR Output:

TO: Headquarters, Air Weather Service
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington 25, D.C.

SUBJECT: Aid in Evaluating Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects

1. A survey of reports of unidentified aerial objects received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center indicates that approximately 12 percent of these reports can be evaluated as probably being balloons. It is believed that a percentage of the data were not available, and if they were it is possible that the percentage would increase. It is proposed that the Air Technical Intelligence Center establish a project to screen these reports to establish whether or not the objects observed were balloons.

2. To accomplish such a screening, it would be necessary to have all data on balloon launches in the United States. It is understood that the data on Air Weather Service, i.e., weather balloons, are readily available, but that data for other balloon launches (e.g., all balloons except those regularly launched, weather observation balloons) would have to be established. Coordination changes to obtain data on all research balloons would have to be established.

3. Preliminary screening. If there was any probability that the object reported in the past have been balloons, it would be forwarded to Air Weather Service by phone, wire or mail, depending upon the urgency of the determination of whether or not a balloon of any type was in the area of the sighting and reported. Weather Service would then determine and report whether or not a balloon was in the area during the time of the sighting. This would eliminate all reports where the object could be established as being a balloon.

4. It is believed that the existence of a balloon can be definitely established while in flight and in such incidents submitted for screening that the object was a balloon. In all incidents submitted for screening where the object could not be identified as a balloon, a more complete analysis would be made.

AWS for screening. The exact volume of reports that would be submitted to the screening operations would be problematic. If it is determined that the 12 percent figure is approximately correct, it can be anticipated that below this level, the difference will be made up with reports data being back to January 1952.

REDACTION made as per original condition for this request. A transfer of funds from AIC to AWS can be made if necessary.

COLONEL O'HARA

ENCLOSURE TO TAB E