There is no photograph present on this page.

**Extracted text:**

```
AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED I JUNE 1948
(CLASSIFIcATtoev)

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM {LIMltl
AIIL OFFICE, D/I SEAP

IE-35-52 PAGE 4 or 4 PAGES

sufficient to form secondary reflections off the lower clouds. Isolated patches
of thin clouds were reported by the F-94 crew as being at approximately 4000 feet,
wtth fairly strong reflections making them visible. These clouds were not reported to be
visible by the control tower personnel. Al 3/c LaNasse reported that as he returned to
the barracks, he noticed that the object seemed somewhat' higher in the sky than pre­ violllly, arul that lie noticed at the same time that the moon seemed proportionately
higher in elevation.

B. There was some thunderstorm activity in the mountains to the northwest,
of Tokyo. Although lower broken clouds later moved over Tokyo Bay, there was no re­
ported electrical activity or vertical development in these clouds. Visibility was
approximately· the same as earlier.

C. The only objects reported in th• area at the time of sighting were the
C-54 landing at Haneda and the weather balloon launched by the Haneda weather station
at 2100/I. Both were continually in sight of control tower personnel. Venus was
located low on the horizon and was definitely identified by the Tower, the GCI Site,
and the F-94 crew.

D. According to the radar tracking, the object should have passed very close
to Site #4 at Shiroi. A constant search of the area by personnel at the site, and the
thorough search by the F-94 without visual contact indicates possible moonlight re­
flections, since the object was visible to the tower personnel" at· both Haneda and
Tachikawa, located 30.miles to the west. The azimuth of the moon at this·time was
l.5g0 , with an 'elevation of approximately 36°. A secondary reflection off a cloud could
conceivably be'bright to observers to the south or west, while the remainder of the
cloud could block!: the reflection from above and to the north.

E. ,'!.'he F.,..,94 ci;ew evidently made an -extremely thorough search over the area,
and appeared'. to · be perplexed that they had been unable to make visual contact, since
everything witliin 20 to 25 miles was easily visible. flying at 5,000 feet, they could
spot the iscilatiec! lower'. cloud patches. Failure to sight the object could only be due
to the light on the lower surface of the object, or reflected In a narrot beam
toward the . south· and w&t..

F. t'he Iitrange appearance could be attributed to a localized blinding effect
fi: using lhe lll·uolon of a darker form, particularly with the lower scattered lights to
give an il luato of an outline,

G. ~t'ht'lile many sigh tings might be attributed to visual and electrical re­
~flecilons off. Itinized areas in the atmosphere, the near-perfect visibility on the night
of the slgntlng together with the circular orbit of the object would tend to disprove
this theory.

0.
CHARLES J. MAI.VERN Captain, USAF ATLO
AiLO
```