The Detroit Free Press    MONDAY, MAY 12, 1952    On Guard for Over a Century    40 Pages

Was Eerie Explosion a Meteor?
SKY BLAST ROCKS SEATTLE

Free Press Wire Services

SEATTLE — An unidentified missile — possibly a giant meteor — "rumbled like a freight train" across the sky and exploded over Seattle early Sunday.

The Air Defense Command began an immediate investigation.

The explosion bathed this industrial city of 500,000 persons in an eerie blue-white light and knocked city dwellers from their beds.

The blast was visible from 60 miles away, and occurred at a height estimated as low as 2,000 feet.

THOUSANDS of persons were awakened by the concussion, but there was no report of damage.

The phenomenon was at first definitely believed to be caused by a meteor exploding within the earth's atmosphere.

But astronomers said it was almost impossible for a meteor to get within 2,000 feet of the ground before disintegrating.

Some pointed out, however, that it might have been higher than reported by observers.

Dr. Fred L. Whipple, Harvard University meteor expert, said that if the Washington blast had been a little lower than reported it might have wiped out all of Seattle and its inhabitants.

Northwest Airlines Pilot Bert Carlson sighted the object as he prepared to land at Seattle-Tacoma international airport.

He said it was at about 7,000 feet when it suddenly shattered into eight pieces which looked like chain lightning. What appeared to be fireballs trailed to the earth, he said.

AN ASTRONOMER at the Yerkes Observatory, Lake Geneva, Wis., said the Seattle phenomenon apparently was a "fireball" — a big meteor heavy enough to penetrate into the earth's lower atmosphere.

But the Yerkes expert, Prof. Gerard Kuiper, said he was inclined to doubt that the object exploded even as low as 7,000 feet.

"Fireballs usually explode 10 to 15 miles up," he said.

"However, anything can happen, and the reported force of the explosion suggests that it was somewhat lower than the usual height.

"METEORS' surfaces burn off rapidly from friction with the air and they often explode from the tremendous heat."

Fragments are seldom found, Kuiper said, either because they burn up before reaching ground or because they are too small to be noticed.

The chances of a meteor or a large fragment from one striking the earth are "extremely rare," Kuiper said.

THREE SEATTLE police prowl cars reported the object exploded over Green Lake in North Seattle at about 2,000 feet.

Sidney Howick, weather observer at the Seattle-Tacoma airport weather bureau, said: "It was sort of a lights-on, lights-off thing. It lasted two seconds at most."

Most observers agreed the object was travelling from southwest to northeast when it blew up.

Ten hours after the explosion, there were no reports of damage or recovered fragments.