The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: Shreveport, La. April 10, 1952
A-2, 30th North Wing, SAC
T-1-52

The following report is submitted in accordance with instructions contained in letter, Headquarters, USAF, Subj: Reports on Unidentified Flying Objects, dated 10 March 1952.

1. Description of object: Brilliant white in color, and the size appeared about that of a small circular object, possibly 25-30 feet in diameter, traveling at an apparent ground speed of about 1,000 mph. The object was observed for approximately 5-6 seconds on April 6, 1952. The observed surface of the object appeared to be of a metallic nature, and no details such as fins, wings or projections of any kind were visible. The object traveled in a straight line course with no deviation, and left no vapor trail.

2. The object was first observed at approximately 2050 hours, 6 April 1952. The object was sighted by the observer while he was driving his automobile on Highway 171, about 7 miles south of Shreveport, Louisiana, and it was traveling in a northerly direction. During the time the object was observed, it passed over the entire southern sky from southwest to northeast.

3. The observer had no visual aids other than relative bearings from the automobile.

4. The observer reporting the sighting was a Captain in the USAF. At the time of the sighting, he was returning to his home station from a visit in Shreveport, Louisiana, and the sighting occurred at the time and place stated above.

5. The observer could not recall any weather conditions that might have a bearing on the sighting.

6. This is the only instance of a sighting by this observer, and no other individuals were present at the time of the observation.

7. The object was first observed directly to the southwest of the observer's position, and it traveled in a straight line course, passing overhead and continuing in a northeasterly direction until it disappeared from sight.

8. The observer had no visual aids other than relative bearings from the automobile.

9. The observer reported the sighting to the commanding officer at his home station upon arrival.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS: 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED