The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or memorandum for record dated 12 September 1952, regarding a report of a trip to West Palm Beach, Florida, to investigate a sighting of unidentified aerial objects by a Mr. Leonard.

The text in the document is as follows:

Memorandum for Record
SUBJECT: Report of a Trip to West Palm Beach, Florida, to Investigate Sighting of Unidentified Aerial Objects by a Mr. Leonard.

1. On 3 September 1952, Capt B.L. Reams and Lt. R.C. Olsson travelled to West Palm Beach, Florida, to conduct a further interrogation and investigation of a Mr. Leonard, who had reported seeing a strange object at approximately 1900 EST on the 8th of September 1952, concerning the Intelligence report of September 9, 1952.

2. A conference was held with Capt Carney to determine whether or not there has been any data added to determine whether or not the two USAF officers were not familiar with. Capt Carney stated that to his knowledge there was nothing contradictory to the report of supposed anonymous threatening telephone calls that Mr. Leonard had received. He stated that approximately two weeks ago (i.e. September 2) the threatening calls had ceased and that no further reporting of this case would therefore be needed while Mr. Leonard was at work in the establishment in which he is employed. The calls were concerned and he was advised that threatening phone calls were not an Air Force matter, and he should report any further calls to the local police. Capt Carney also stated that a Mr. S----, a nearby rancher, had been interviewed and had stated that a B-52 bomber had flown over the area on the evening in question and that this proved that the object reported by Mr. Leonard had been a ranch fire and that he had been mistaken. Capt Carney stated that he did not wish to pursue the matter further as there appeared to be no further developments and that he had determined that the object had been a ranch fire.

3. Capt Carney also stated that he had talked to a Mr. S----, who has been assisting Capt Carney and had indicated to him in the process that the Base Legal Officer from the West Palm Beach Air Force Base was disturbed and insisting that more information be obtained, even though Capt Carney had stated that as far as he was concerned he would not take an investigation but felt that the case was closed. Capt Carney was also asked whether or not he believes his story, naturally Capt Carney did not commit himself.

4. On the morning of 9 September 1952, Capt Olsson and Lt. Clason took a staff car into West Palm Beach in an attempt to find out more about the case and to determine whether or not they had possibly heard any rumors or could give any leads on the case. They indicated that naturally they were not officially interested in the case and that they had received no directions from their higher authority to pursue the case. The B.I.I. agent did state, however, that the BALL incident did appear to have caused some local interest.