The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of investigations into unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force. The text in the image describes various UFO reports, including one from two Pan American Airways pilots who reported seeing "eight-glowing red-orange discs" flying at 1,000 miles per hour over Norfolk, Virginia. The text also discusses the increasing prevalence of UFO reports in the public press and the correlation between publicity and the number of UFO reports, as well as the officer in charge of the Aerial Phenomena Section's views on the current large number of reports.

Reports: The reports include such interesting ones as that from two Pan American Airways pilots who reported seeing "eight-glowing red-orange discs" flying 1,000 miles an hour over Norfolk, Va.
There is no doubt that UFO publicity is now increasingly widespread. 
In the public press - has resulted in many of these reports. Project Grudge in 1949 pointed to a correlation between publicity and the number of UFO reports. Today, the same trend is apparent. It's a snowball effect.  
A sighting receives wide publicity: this results in more reports; these receive publicity; they result in still more reports.
Publicity can be good. Perhaps some of these reports are, as Project Grudge hinted, a "mild form of mass hysteria," sparked by publicity. Yet, the officer in charge of the Aerial Phenomena Section feels that the current large number of reports can be viewed in another light. He believes that in the past some qualified observers who have sighted UFOs failed to report them, due to fear of ridicule. Many of the current reports, he believes, simply reflect a knowledge that the Air Force is genuinely and seriously interested in anything and everything that goes on in the atmosphere above us.
This new attitude has also come about through publicity. He also believes that intelligence officers should know the investigative procedure at ATIC, so that they will understand that their reports are given serious consideration. A typical investigation can be summed up in the story of a typical sighting.
At about eight o'clock on the morning of 3 April 1952, four civilian Air Force pilot instructors stood at the airport at Ienyon, Ariz., observing a cadet cross-country flight. One of the instructors noticed a