There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which contains text only.

CERTIFICATE

I, Leroy D. Pratt, Airman First Class, AT 1524,019 assigned to the 3510th Provbing Air Force Base, Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, do hereby certify that the following statement is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

On 6 July 1952, while engaged in the routine air navigation and map trainer exercise as a student pilot of a T-33 class aircraft at Laughlin Air Force Base, Del Rio, Texas, I made the following observations:

At 0930 hours on the 26th of July, a T-33 type aircraft, serial number 51-4217, was observed above me at an altitude of approximately 30,000 feet, heading in an easterly direction. After this aircraft passed, I observed two unidentified objects, silver in color and circular in shape, in the same general area. These objects were traveling in a north to south direction at an indicated speed of approximately 600-700 mph. At that time, I notified the control tower of my observation, requesting information from the pilot of the T-33 concerning the light phenomenon I had just witnessed. It was ascertained from the pilot that he had also observed these same unidentified objects, and was unable to explain them.

I then contacted my squadron commander, Capt. J.L. Gonzalez, and advised of the situation. Capt. Gonzalez stated that the objects appeared to be traveling at an extremely high rate of speed, and were quite unlike any aircraft he had previously seen or heard about. He further stated that he would make an immediate report to the Intelligence Officer at San Antonio General Hospital, and advise the C.I.C. of the situation.

After advising CALL, I then notified the A.C. of the tower, and he came to the tower at approximately 1030 hours.

In the interview that followed, the C-47 had continued his pursuit to 19,000 feet, and had advised operations that he had lost contact with the unidentified objects, despite his best efforts. The C-47 pilot stated that the objects were brilliant, metallic in appearance, and rather elliptical. It continued to climb and disappear rapidly.

All control advised that they had a definite "blip" on their radar scopes and a precise plot on the altitude and position of the object. When the "blip" disappeared from the radar scope, the observer on the ground, counter-clockwise turning and descending to a landing, until contact was lost at an altitude of approximately 5,000 feet.

The 2-minute appearance and disappearance of this "blip" on the radar scope, plus the visual observation, fully conforms with the pilot's description of the metallic, elliptical objects.