There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

Subj: The discovery and preliminary investigation of a stone-like object, which apparently fell from the air near Washington, D. C.
1. The incident involving this object came to my attention thru an informal, very factual report on the circumstances, forwarded as enclosure of an Office Memo from Mr. Clocker and I discovered that a dead limb about three inches in diameter had been broken off a neighboring (70 feet) pine tree about 25 feet from the crown of the trees. The remainder of this limb was very dry and was lying on the ground about 35 feet from the point of break.
2. It is my conclusion that the fallen tree limb was indeed broken by the impact of this stone-like object, which was broken in two places, with the main break of about 45 degrees, indicating that its entry into the air was at an angle from the horizontal of about 45 degrees. The upper, small-diameter break of this limb, about 15 degrees, seemed to indicate that it was moved only a short distance, and did not fly thru the air.
3. Mr. Clocker writes: "A green maple crown was about 10 feet away in the direction of fall. It appeared undisturbed" (I thought that this was a good condition, a confirming this fact very significant, inasmuch as it tends to break at a right angles about 25 feet above the ground, yet it did not disturn the condition of the leaves and branches that were in its path). This path was undisturbed. I saw this undisturbed green tree and roughly measured its distance from the middle break of the limb to the length of my shoe from this middle break.
16. I do not believe that this down limb was from any fallen tree. Very rotten, I know sassafras wood very well, have seen timber from dead sassafras trees that have stood, dead, for long times, on my Virginia country place. It is very soft, but rots very slowly. The stump was very sound.
17. Another significant detail, noticed by myself and Mr. Clocker, was that the fallen limb was lying on the ground as though it had twisted through a 180 degree arc before or at the time it had fallen. The angles or the break at the ground end indicated this.
18. My conclusions about the fallen tree are that it was very recently hit as a point about 25 feet from the ground, and evidence indicates that some object, apparently the same object that broke the neighboring tree at a point about 42 feet in the air, I surmise that the fallen tree was nearly broken in two by this object, and that it fell at some time, between my first and second visits to the spot, that I would have noticed if it had been down.
19. Over the telephone on 5 August I received an informal report from Mr. H. F. McMurdie, which I immediately wrote as follows:
"The object is not a natural stone. The main body of the object is made up of silica and iron and magnesium and calcium, the quantities of iron and silica being equal."