The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

UNCLASSIFIED

WILLIAM SEERS, AF-22395762, 1413th Fighter Squadron, Harbor Field, charged of Custodian LEONARD JONES, 4017 Edmondson Ave., Baltimore, Maryland, had informed him on 27 May 1952 he had "seen those flying saucers."

AT BALTIMORE, MARYLAND:

1. LEONARD JONES, 4017 Edmondson Road, advised on 16 August 1952, at Baltimore, Maryland, Education - High School and Trade School, presently employed with Bendix Radio Division, Maryland, was interviewed on 27 May 1952 and stated that on 27 May 1952, between 2330 and 2345 hours, while sitting on his front porch with his wife, he observed two (2) large, bright white lights moving at a tremendous speed and immediately disappearing. He stated that the objects made no sound and seemed to change direction abruptly or zig-zag. This object had a peculiar characteristic of slowing down and speeding up. "These objects were much larger than usual aircraft lights" (estimated speed 300 miles per hour) and then increased in speed to "mail plane" (estimated speed 500 miles per hour) and then decreased in speed to a slow speed. There was no sound from the lights. He later decided that the two white lights were very round and were not similar to landing lights on aircraft. The distance between the lights did not vary. He stated the weather was very clear at the time of observation.

RICHARD BOSSE: a fellow employee at Bendix on the same night, but in a different part of Baltimore and at an earlier hour.

Interview of RICHARD ADAM BOSSE, 2914 Warnke Avenue, presently employed by Bendix Radio Division Maryland, on 27 May 1952 between 2230 and 2345 hours, he observed two unusual lights. A statement was obtained from BOSSE as follows:

Directions: Two large white lights appeared, low in the horizon, in a southeasterly direction. The lights looked similar to landing lights on airplanes. At first they appeared to be standing still, but they suddenly moved in a straight line and disappeared. These lights were like (green) lights on my car at a distance - just lights. The lights were 15 to 20 degrees out of the car. The lights separated, the one on my right veered upward and to the right and passed behind the second house. We observed it move rather slowly and at times seemed to float and "bob," though it was affected by air currents. It moved in an unnatural position, but when it passed behind the last house it was lost from sight.

The appearance was not comparable to anything I could explain. There seemed to be no form of a body, which should have been visible as a silhouette against the sky. The lights were as bright as though 1000 watts but seemed to have irregular pulsations or fluctuations as to intensity. The lights appeared and disappeared without any trail whatsoever. UNCLASSIFIED