The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document describing an incident that occurred in Salem, Massachusetts on July 16, 1952.

OCR output:

UFO SIGHTING
SALEM, MASSACHUSETTS
16 JULY 1952

On 16 July 1952 a photograph of four objects was taken by the USCG station at Salem, Massachusetts. The photograph was submitted to ATIC for analysis and the analysis was completed on 1 Aug 52. Analysis was made from original negative which was returned to the Coast Guard at their request. The results of this analysis indicated that the highly polished cars below indicated that the light was not outside and it was assumed by the analyst that the photo was a double exposure and for this reason was a hoax. A subsequent examination of this photo was made in October 1953 and the following analysis is indicated as a more probable cause.

The photo was taken through a window with a 4.5 bush Pressman Camera (135 MM F4.7 Repatr lens with Rapax shutter loaded with 4/5 Super XX cut film). The photographer observed the lights for 3 or 6 seconds and grabbed the camera, which had been on a tripod. He focused slightly to the four-lights and ran out of the room when he noticed that the lights had dimmed. He assumed at the time that the lights were a reflection, and upon returning noticed that the lights were again brilliant. When they went to the window the lights were gone. He again stated that perhaps some sort of refraction or ground reflection could possibly account for the lights.

The following points are deemed pertinent to analysis. The camera was focused on infinity and the picture taken through a window. As the witness approached the window the objects dimmed, as he returned to his point of initial observation the objects reappeared. The cars and buildings outside are sharply outlined. The outdoor scene inside is out of focus. All four objects have the same outline and general configuration, in spite of the blurring.

Conclusion: It is believed that the photos represent light reflections from an interior source (probably the ceiling lights) on the window through which the photo was taken. With the camera set on infinity the lights would still be out of focus since the distance from the lights to the window and back to the camera lens would still be shorter than the distance required for the camera to be in focus.