The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page.

The text output from the document is as follows:

"The pilot is a flight leader in his squadron and has 1,247 hours time in the air. He is rated second and is not given to exaggeration. Reported the following: On the 9th of December 1952 at approximately 10:20 hours, he was on a routine training flight in the vicinity of Asbury Park, New Jersey. The radar observer on this flight substantiates all the facts above and has nothing to add to the other observations and interpretations. The object was first observed at an altitude of about 28,000 feet and it appeared to descend to an altitude of about 12,000 feet as it approached the area. The object changed direction and then proceeded to climb at a rapid rate, estimated to be in excess of 600 mph, disappearing from sight in about 10 to 15 seconds. The pilot stated that the object appeared to be approximately 30 to 40 feet in diameter and circular in shape, a luminous white in color, and appeared to be a metallic type object. The object was under intelligent control and during the brightness seemed to swell with fiery-close effect, then returning to original size and luminosity. At no time was there any sound or trail associated with the object as it maneuvered. It did appear as though the object or light was changing altitude considerably. All the sighting was done visually and all attempts to pick up the object on radar were negative. The object was observed for approximately 10 minutes. The pilot stated that in his opinion the speed of the object was in excess of 600 mph and that the type of maneuver observed would have been impossible for any known type of aircraft using normal aviation flight techniques. The observation would have been approximately 10 miles. It did appear as though the object or light was changing altitude considerably. All the sighting was done visually and all attempts to pick up the object on radar were negative. The object was observed for approximately 10 minutes. The pilot stated that in his opinion the speed of the object was in excess of 600 mph and that the type of maneuver observed would have been impossible for any known type of aircraft using normal aviation flight techniques. The observation would have been approximately 10 miles."