There is a photograph present in this document. It appears to be an image of a "Flying Saucer Spotted in Florence, S.C. Area" according to the text.

Text extracted from the document:

Data for Air Force to accompany 8 mm film of unidentified aerial objects taken near Landrum, S.C. Nov. 15, 1952.

Remember reading the Charlotte Observer the next day, Nov. 17, 1932, at which time the same objects were sighted over Anderson, S.C. and Marion. The article went on to say they were sighted over the two places at exactly the same time we saw them. Sunday, Nov. 16, 1952, at 7:15 p.m. and that the switchboards were swamped with inquiries and that upon checking the various service bases no planes were in the air at that time.

Trust the above is about what you want. Will get this off in the mail special delivery.

All my love to [REDACTED] as ever.

[REDACTED]

Copy of two items in the Charlotte Observer, Nov. 17, 1932:
Page 1, lower right corner:
Big Saucer over Marion
H.S. Epps, chief of police at Nichols, near here, said tonight he had received more than a score of telephone calls from people seeking information about an unidentified object sighted in the sky west of Nichols this afternoon. The object was sighted between 4:30 and 5 p.m. Chief Epps said information indicated the object was silver in color, about twice the size of a house, was whirling and rising at an angle.

Flying Saucer Spotted in Florence, S.C. Area
Florence, S.C. Nov. 15. AP: It's flying saucer time again and followers of that craze apparently have a couple of hundred converts here-today, including an official of the CAA station. Shortly after 5 o'clock this afternoon, a shiny object was reported in the skies west of Florence. It slowly circled to the southwest and then disappeared. Telephones at the Florence Morning News were flooded with calls. So were those at the U.S. Weather Bureau station and the CAA office at Municipal airport.

A licensed pilot, said the object was "unlike anything I have ever seen." He added that when he first saw the object it was in the west at about 10,000 feet and that it slowly moved to the southwest before disappearing. He said he believed a smaller thought that it was a jet aircraft or even a magnesium flare such as the type used by aircraft in target practice. "It lasted too long and moved too slowly," he said.

The CAA official described the object as glowing extremely brightly and likened its shape to a saucer fitted at an angle of about 30 degrees with a thin edge down and heavier lip up. He said it saw no smoke.