The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s. The document is a letter dated June 4th, 1954, from someone named Cal. Bradford P. Schumman, describing an encounter with an unidentified flying object near Gurvanilla, P.R. on June 2nd, 1954.

OCR Text:

8 75 Haley St., Condado,
San Juan, Puerto Rico
June 4th., 1954.

Capt. Bradford P. Schumman,
Hqrs. 7702d Air Technical Reconnaissance Wing, 
Ramey Air Force Base, Aguadilla,P.R.

Dear Sir:

The following is my story on what I saw on June 2nd.:

Originally I started on a trip with my family from San Juan to Sabana Grande via Ponce and Guayanilla.
We were getting close to the town of Guayanilla when I detected something in the sky which resembled the moon. I glanced again for I had the impression it was moving. To make sure I stopped the car and looked at it. Suddenly it was no longer a stationary object but was moving. I pointed this out to my family and they also confirmed the moon was moving. It was moving at a good rate of speed and I could notice it was not and exactly a circular shape. They also acknowledged the phenomenon. They saw it I saw the flying object coming from inland. The "moon" was coming down like a glider. I was able to discern its outline against the night sky. The nearer it came I noticed that it assumed a definite circular shape. As soon as I realized the "moon" was moving I continued our trip but there was something unusual about the object. It seemed to be emitting a bright light which case a glow on the surrounding mountaint
As soon as I realized the "moon" was moving I continued our trip but there was something unusual about the object. It seemed to be emitting a bright light which case a glow on the surrounding mountain. 
As soon as I realized the "moon" was moving I continued our trip but there was something unusual about the object. It seemed to be emitting a bright light which case a glow on the surrounding mountain.  
The object continued on its course and disappeared over the mountain range. There was no sound and I guess the flight was very silent. It passed at a considerable distance and I did not dare to stop the car for I had the impression that family was rather scared and so I did not want to infuriate them any more than that. The color of the lights were rather reddish as orange or some similar livish. There was no sound and I guess the flight was very silent.

When the same left the ground area and came into the sea area it did not return of about 50 minutes and sight of flying activities it
took a direct course towards the horizon. The lights appeared to rise in altitude and spread.

I did not call the military authorities at that time because I thought they had sufficient data within range of "Ramey" Air Force radar system if any.