Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page of an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book regarding unidentified flying objects (UFOs) sighted in the Tripolitania area of Libya on September 19 and 22, 1952.

The text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
IR-12-52                                                                        PAGE 2 OF 5

Unidentified flying objects were reported by civilians in the Tripolitanian area of Libya on the nights of September 19 and 22, 1952.

A. Unidentified object sighted September 19, 1952:
1. Object was brilliant and illuminated sail, which was 20 meters in length, moved horizontally and then disappeared in a vertical climb. The object was silent.
2. Time - 2240 Local. Observed for approximately five minutes.
3. Visual observation from the balcony of a Libyan building, Libya.
4. Characteristics of object: Libya. The object appeared as a height of 10,000 meters. It traveled a southwesterly direction for five minutes.
5. The information was informally reported to the Sunday Chiulti, an English language newspaper published weekly in Tripoli, Libya. The information was scantily and incompletely recorded and the published article lacked many essential details.

The witness of this flying object was Mr. Tripoli. Reliability undetermined.

6. Weather - Clear; visibility 5 miles; wind south 190°, 2 knots.

7. No activity or unusual meteorological conditions.

8. No photographs or other evidence.

9. No intervention or identification action taken.

10. No other air traffic at time of sighting.

B. The second unidentified flying object, sighted 22 September 1952:
1. A brilliant lighted ball, about the size of a football, was sighted moving silently and disappearing. Disappeared without any tail, just out quickly.
2. Time - approximately 2030 Local. Observed for approximately six to seven minutes.
3. Visual observation at various locations in the city of Tripoli, Libya.
4. Traveling, in general, on a North-South line and then disappearing towards the Mediterranean Sea at a high altitude (estimated ten miles over the sea). No sound was heard.