There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of text from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

Transcription of the text:

In the fact he had a Gibson Girl radio with a balloon for an antenna. He quickly inflated the balloon, crawled on it and flowed out to the PHY. As he was being helped up to the ship, i.e. people's objects, people were diving out of the hatch behind him.

During the time the saps were shooting at him and several of the officers who were behind him were shooting. Shortly afterwards he was discharged from his station, one of his comrades was killed, it is believed in another direction. One other man, a holdup man, came in shortly afterwards and told them the hatchway was blocked, so they killed him and talked his cut of the robbery, took his gun away from him and gave him another according to those statements.

21. Another story was that he had been a PRO lost pilot in the Marines and had slown down some of the brothers are civilian pilots and started to question him about it. They said it was very curious to them that he had never been in an airplane before.

22. They stated that in general they always knew a story that would compare with ours. They said our account was impossible to be able to pin him down on anything and asked him a question because he had passed several checkpoints and they were always made good shortly afterwards according to their story. They said this was a few minutes after several new instructions had been issued while in West Palm Beach and one of them was reassigned and that he had purchased an article of clothing there. Because the uniform was question stated he was in contact with what appeared to be a red light, they said it was impossible his story and the story they tell could not account for it.

23. They stated that in several cases they have either been in the presence or have heard that was a s a friendly and would voluntarily bring up his "secrecy agreement" with the Air Force and not give any details.

24. On the morning of September 1952 Capt. Hallet, Capt. Carnny, Lt. Glance, and S/Sgt Seager went out to the spot where the object was seen the night before. At the same time Capt Seagar took a glimpse and supposedly observed the object. The whole group was approximately the same spot as about 24 hours later. The first car was parked in approximately the same spot as the car was parked in the clearing where the object was located. It occurs to me that they were going into the woods to take a glimpse. The only thing the whole group did not find was the light about 7 feet above the ground and shined it directly toward the road. It was not there.