This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with handwritten and typed text.

Transcription of the text:

"Baron George, Formerly, Science Editor of Time Magazine was talking your friend.

A capitol letter is placed in front of each paragraph herein to facilitate reference.

A. There are what appear to be more than a hundred variations in the report - your initial "object" has now become a "machine," "cigar-shaped machine," "torpedo-shaped machine," "rocket-shaped object," etc. As the man said, it is growing larger in your imagination. 

B. You refer to "a sudden acceleration and maneuver which I am unable to explain." In your report you said the object "seemed to stop and hover for about 5 minutes" and then "took off at a tremendous speed." This is hardly an "unexplained" maneuver - it is a known capability of virtually all jet aircraft.

C. You profess to be "disturbed" by the "implications" of this report. What implications? That we have some remarkable aerial devices developed by another nation? Or that we have them ourselves? Either possibility would be extremely interesting, but hardly disturbing. The implications are certainly not that flying saucers from another planet are visiting us.

D. The above were from recent letters. No DOUBT you are receiving mysterious calls, threats, visits, etc. Unfortunately, this is the price one pays for sticking his neck out. As the man said, if it is true, it is of the greatest importance - and if it is not true, it is a waste of time. In either case, I would suggest you to clean your own house before meddling in mine.

E. BILDERBACK mentioned in 1954. Ls an old curiosity called "Skunk Hollow." At the end of each paragraph, please refer to source, date, page, etc, so that I may check it in the records. We would be much more interested in investigating the possible espionage and subversive aspects that may be involved.

F. In a recent letter you also wrote, "We still have the names and addresses of some responsible citizens who were eye-witnesses." I would be delighted if you would furnish me with the names, addresses and statements of these witnesses. We would like to interview them in detail.

G. I would be most happy to discuss this matter further with you, provided you will clean your own house and cease and desist from this "meddling."

H. Your experience with the "horrible creatures" sounds very interesting, and I would like to hear more about it, if it is not too upsetting to you. It is obviously a matter of great importance and I would appreciate your cooperation in making a thorough investigation. Please advise when and where we might meet to discuss this further."