There are no photographs present on this page. 

Here is the text extracted from the document using OCR:

```
AF FORM 112-PART II
FEPORT NO. PAGE 2_ OF 3 PAGES

(Over Foreign

TECH (_this Form repmerdes Rf pooo, June 1949 es

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

TITLE (Classification)

Subject: Unconventicnal Aircraft Sighted

This is Item: Hildce) Preparation in accordance with

Sowrec ( if human, Me acade, addresse: and telephone wi: to be hown te, the data obsession office only )

__in the vrijeanty ode
1. Intelligence Information:
a. Name, Staff, Billy Bogan AF2452543, In, Syg. Sqn.. J143 Rb bass
2—3) space in Colorado Springs Colorado
b. Name, address, and telephone eg civilian witness)
c. Apperance of object (Given shape, color, dimensions ete.)
(1) Object appeared at the time to be disc-shaped in appearance.
2. Drawing of sketehes of ubjed as seen by observer

Circumstances under which sighted
was proceeding through traffic traveling from the North Aradew Center, Colorado Springs, on South Academy and Cocade Streets a area on

supplement

Epeivedlustisad

(1) On Wednesday 24 September 1952.
3.0 p-m. Be "mand down the sreee north of South Academy. he and he glance up evaluation of the situation.

(2) Upon thinking that at this point he was gond toward called out to his companion Sergeant in diregedion. Fteraclegg, NG, who, on the vehie

(3)_ Subject stated that at the time of the sighting he was riding down ir
speed in tolsen going
approximately
(4) The ppoximieety time was about 3:00 _p-m, Wednesday, 24 September 1952_____

approximately 30recon

ths object with 22 and
d little beyond in the wendown object made a sharp inclination. Me
toy wot:ie maintained a continual vigil on the object until it was lost to view whe
in the blink of an eye. Subject
noticed two separate objects argrad had separate paths at the performing spiral
(5) Object changed shape to indicate at that time to be ever cloud 3000
tt end retrieved one excellent aeasuring eneacterisiner ingring)

(6) On 24 September when
ever shape for briefly while the rearing une indicating extion.

(7) No sound was the objects while they were maneuvering, reporting that both object
beyond the horizon

Scensored

(9) Subject While only a uniform air foroe. No calls
jumped and
(10) The object in of in color and of lights for neare
considered area to have been of calcium electromagent Feos went ions about

and the objects more visible at the time he saw them both in
color and hu dead no happy, no
The air

(11) This being the end of all the facts known by this observation, continued
de while

(12) They of fact that is was of the sky a promety hardly be ro explain this fact in esta
both were very

AR FORM 122-PART-II
```