The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, titled "STATEMENT" and dated 14 November 1952. The document describes an encounter with an unidentified aerial object near Auburn, Alabama, including details about its appearance, movement, and visibility. It also mentions the presence of two aircraft that appeared to be headed for Montgomery, Alabama.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

STATEMENT

Immediately after the football game between Mississippi State and Alabama, 9 November 1952, a group of us (approximately 15) were standing outside the east gate of the stadium and within a few minutes a large shiny object surrounded by a halo appeared to be the size and shape of a solid head of a thumb held at arm's length. This object appeared to be the size and shape of a solid head of a thumb held at arm's length. This object appeared to be silvery in appearance. We observed this object while we walked a distance (7 or 8 blocks) to our car and intermittently while we drove to Opelika. Upon our arrival at Opelika (about 18 miles), we stopped at a cafe. We called the airport in Auburn and the object was confirmed to be of a strange nature. This object remained hovering and this object became less distinctive and the silvery color appeared to take on a yellow appearance. Upon departure from this restaurant it was gone and we could find no sight of this object.

The weather was clear and ceiling and visibility appeared unlimited although there was indication of smoke in the air.

On several occasions I sighted this object under the rim of my glasses and by holding my hand at arm's length this object appeared at all times this object was visible.

While observing this object at Auburn, Alabama, I did notice one or two aircraft that appeared to be headed for Montgomery, Alabama. It is believed that these aircraft were civilian airlines D-C-3 type.

The attached chart indicates our position and the position of the object when it was first observed by our party.