There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

into an oven". The hunt was concentrated down. The further he went under the object it got lower. He stated he was prajler was cold when he came out from under the object.

a. I'd a red wist anguipfled his. He was not conscious of any chang
in temperature when he got his arm from under the object as if he had not felt any burn as was go scared. His eyes were closed on the object.

e. When he came to he was in the palmstips before he finally realised

d. He felt no demeach of any kind. He did hear a bubbling sound, it was possible the object's in the sky however, he was not sure of this.

e. He heard a hissing sound after he entered the clearing and noticed the object. He heard the hissing all the time he was conscious.

f. He was asked the small of his hat to see if the odor might still be clinging. However, it was none.

20. A discrete attempt was made to try to get Mr. to discuss the details surrounding the incident. He stated a movie man had seen it seen a movie when the words collide", but that was all. He did not need flying saucers" or "anything untoward" delues the Hollywood had notified the neighbors of a couple of the

21. Mr. stated that several people had contacted him regarding his story. They were: 1) a specialist case to his store to see him. The scientist of his name and address were unknown. 2) a person from the University of Arkansas person told him to make a recording. 3) from the Union Arkansas radio station offered him cash for his story. 4) a newspaper woman that he had known since high school days called him regarding his account. Comment: The above accounts are strictly hearsay. They were not checked by the investigator to tell how important the was.

22. Mr. stated that he had two comments to make. They were: 1) He (probably meaning the United States) can't defy anyone. He doubted that it was manufactured object. 2) He probably meant that, since we are reaching out into space, someone else may be and are possibly ahead of us. He said he believed that the object was probably from outer space.

23. Mr. then asked what he should do, if he should talk to people regarding the air Force and not talk to anyone if he was not supposed to. He was advised that.