The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed text document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

STATEMENT OF: Lt. Arthur M. Ryle, Chief, Utah Facilities, Section, Logistical Services Division Technical Operations, Dugway Proving Ground, Utah
3 November 1952

SUBJECT: Statement of an unidentified airborne object observed in Hickman Canyon, Utah on 27th October 1952.

TO: Lt. Arthur V. Ryle,
Chief, Utah Facilities Section, Logistical Services Division
Technical Operations, Dugway Proving Ground.

On the Day of 27th October 1952, at 0800, while a companion and I were in the process of deer hunting in the vicinity of Hickman Canyon, a canyon on the county route between Stockton and Grantsville, Utah, I observed an object hovering in the sky at an altitude of 3,000 feet. The object was immediately recognized as unlike any aircraft I have ever seen. It appeared to be metallic, circular or disc-shaped, and was suspended motionless in the sky for several minutes, after which it began to move in a westerly direction. As it proceeded, it appeared to accelerate and rapidly disappeared in the distance.

While I was watching the object and I had attempted to work around a knoll, the westerly direction and I in a northerly direction in regards to the object in order to get a better view. Before I had come to the point where I thought I might be able to see it, the object abruptly stopped, hesitated momentarily, and then took off at a fantastic speed, climbing directly upwards until the object seem to fly in the mountain tentatively identified as south mountain and was lost to view.

I in company with my companion and I immediately reported our observations with nine for record. She insisted that she had the object three or four times before she saw it and assumed that it was a small aircraft approaching. However, when the object came into view, it was not an aircraft, but rather like a saucer with a dark color in the middle. Although there was no sound and all that was observed was the silhouette of the object against the sky, it appeared to be a solid metallic object traveling at a tremendous speed.

There was no illusion as to size, shape, speed, or altitude, and I am confident in my observation, until the object was lost from view. I checked the compass reading again and again and saw none. The compass apparently was not disturbed by the presence of the object. I watched the object through 15 to 20 seconds and I am convinced that what I saw was not a meteor or any conventional aircraft, but rather some type of flying saucer or other type of unidentified flying object.