The document does not contain a photograph. Below is the extracted text from the document:

---

Tucson, Arizona 7 July 1966

Dear Jim,

The information you requested several weeks ago concerning a UFO report submitted by me as reporting officer to HBAT Project Blue Book, follows:

The intervening years and a very mediocre memory do, of course, preclude my recalling the exact date, report date such as EHT, meteorological conditions at that altitude (which must have been about twenty thousand feet), names of observers, etc. I will, however, relate the incident to you to the best of my recollection.

The observation occurred in the hours just before noon in the early month of 1952 ( March, April, May or June.)

While standing on the front entrance steps of the Davis-Monthan Air Force Base hospital, I observed the approach of two UFOs upon a B-36 flying on a general east-west heading directly over the station. The objects appeared from the ground to be round in shape and metallic in color. (The same color as the B-36.) The objects approached the aircraft from the north-east at a speed about three or four times that of the aircraft.

The two objects appeared to be about the same size when first observed, one object appeared to gain altitude as it approached the aircraft because it seemed to grow smaller. It stationed itself as the B-36 passed just behind and to the port side of the B-36. The other object approached the aircraft at the altitude of the B-36 and stationed itself between the pusher-type prop spinners and the leading edge of the starboard elevator. The air crew, which landed the aircraft at DMAFB and were interrogated by me, confirmed the ground observed stationing of this object in this extremely close proximity to the aircraft.

I can no longer remember the length of time of the observation but all of the air crew members, except one who flew the aircraft through the war written this task to get to the technical observer, could verify this.

Two objects were reported to be symetrically convex top and bottom, about ten or twelve feet their from top to bottom and the middle of it's in as wide as easy configuration in an aerostatic figure one length (If I cannot judgment) one closer were reported by the air crew I remember to be between twenty or twenty-five feet in diameter. (This line angel) between spinners and elevator.)

One of the air crew members reported seeing a pale band of red color along the very bottom, the top and the edge of the objects All members did not about the color band, however.