The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the text output from the OCR:

UNCLASSIFIED

45724 Commanding General, 
Fargo 11 North Dakota
REPORT: Report of Unidentified Airborne Objects

TO: Commanding General 
Air Materiel Command
ATTN: MCIAT-2
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
Dayton, Ohio

1. In compliance with APGC 200-2 dated 11 April 1952, the following report is being submitted:

2. The following information is not the result of an official or authorized investigation of the unidentified sighting, but rather unofficial data secured from a reliable civilian source.

Fargo, North Dakota - On or about 21.5 hours 27 April 1952, a call was received at the Fargo Police Department from an individual who reported having observed several unidentified objects in the sky over Fargo. The caller stated that from his observation post in the northwestern part of the city, he had observed a number of objects which appeared to be moving at a high rate of speed. He described the objects as being circular in shape, and said that they maneuvered in a manner which he described as "fantastic". He stated that the objects appeared to be silent and that their color was a pale, silvery-white. According to the caller, the objects were observed for a period of approximately 15 minutes, after which time they disappeared.

b. Initial sightings between 2100 and 2130 hours, after which time they disappeared. The caller could not provide any additional information concerning the appearance or actions of the objects, other than that which has been previously stated.

c. Number of objects observed - unknown. The caller stated that several objects were observed, but did not give an exact count.

d. Location of observer was on the northwestern part of Fargo, North Dakota in the vicinity of 59th Avenue South and 55th Street North. This area is located in a residential district of Fargo.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL