There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

Maj. D____ USMC, Ret.
Jan. 26, 1953

Data for Air Force, to accompany the approximately 50 feet of 8 mm. color film of unidentified aerial objects, taken near Landrum, S.C. on Nov. 18, 1952.

1. Owner of film: [REDACTED]
2. The pictures were taken by [REDACTED], a resident of Tryon, N.C. They were taken at sunrise on Nov. 13, 1952, by the roadside of the Abernathy Farm, near Landrum, S.C. Time: 5:13 p.m.
3. The first part of the strip was with a one and one-half inch telephoto lens, set at 18 frames per second, with an F 3.5 setting on a Bell and Howell 8 mm. camera. The second part of the film was taken with the camera's regular lens set at F 2.5. There were many more objects visible than can be seen on the film.
4. Sky was clear at the point where the pictures were taken, but broken clouds on western horizon were sufficient to give color to the sunset.
5. Eleven objects were sighted. Data on variation in altitude, sound, color, etc., is given in Captain [REDACTED]'s personal letters below.
6. This film is submitted by TRUE Magazine, via [REDACTED], in accordance with an arrangement that the Air Force will analyze the film, make two copies, and give its opinion, within security limits, to Mr. [REDACTED], Air Force Press Desk. Has promised TRUE, during conversations with Mr. [REDACTED], that no publicity will be given this film without Mr. [REDACTED]'s permission, and that no copies will be shown to anyone but representatives of TRUE (except of course Air Force personnel).

Data on McLean is 26, married, father of a six-months-old son. Born in Natchez, Miss., he served 26 months in the US Navy, World War II. Part of service in Pacific. Discharged, entered Tulane U, 1946, graduated 1950 with B.A. degree in Journalism.

Employed for a year on copy desk New Orleans Times Picayune. Then went to Ingalls Shipbuilding Corporation, Pascagoula, Miss., and took job of editing industrial papers, Ingalls News. Has lived around the country: California, New Mexico, Mississippi, New Hampshire, Kentucky, and North and South Carolina.

Letters from his father to his son. The older man and his wife reside in Tryon, N.C.; he is retired as a result of WWI disabilities.
First letter: Sunday 11-30-52.