There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old report or document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

"that has been given the subject in the public press. Fantastic or not, it is desirable that USAF personnel report aerial objects that they can not identify. Such reports are considered important and are always given serious consideration.

"But why", you ask again, "is the Air Force interested in a subject so esoteric as the other is the natural habitat of the Air Force, which is charged with the control of the air in the defense of the United States. Hence it becomes imperative that, until such time as all sightings can be explained, alertness is maintained. Of the more than 1200 reports now on file at the Air Technical Intelligence Center, 15% cannot be satisfactorily explained or identified. This does not mean that 85% of the objects reported can be unquestionably identified. Some can be. Others can be identified well enough to be put in the "very probably identified" category. Others are unidentified, due to the nebulous nature of the information received.

The unexplained 15% have been examined, the sources and contents of the reports have been evaluated and, to date, no explanation has been found for them. It may be that as more experience is gained, solutions will be found.

In addition to the ATIC analysts already charged with evaluating these reports, negotiations are being completed to obtain the services of consultants in the fields of physics, nuclear physics, astronomy, and psychology to assist in the analysis of the reports.

The truth is that objects are flying over the United States which have not been identified. Strange things in the air have been reported for centuries, but this does not preclude the fact that the object reported yesterday or 2000 years ago may have been a mirage, while tomorrow's object may be a new weapon. These objects may be natural phenomena, balloons, high-flying aircraft, or something else."