The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report discussing a sighting of an unidentified aerial object.

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:
1. This investigation requested by the District Commander, Pursuit Officer. It is predicated on information furnished by the Commanding Officer Training Operations, Chief Division of Air Defense on the observation of an unidentified aerial object by one of his pilots.

2. The following report by the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory, University of California, Los Alamos, New Mexico:

"REPORT No. 1000 (28 July 1952) On 29 July 1952 at 05:25 am the existence of a bright, white, object was observed in the sky, apparently hovering over Los Alamos. The object was several miles distant and at an elevation of about 30,000 feet. It had a flickering or fluttering appearance. At times it appeared to be lighted from within. It did not have a solid or uniform outline and seemed to be partly obscured by scattered clouds and the wind velocity was low. Five minutes later, jets appeared to be inspecting the object."

3. Lt Colonel Hathaway stated that the above observer is a very reliable person and had experience in radar research during World War II.

4. The following report by the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory, University of California, Los Alamos, New Mexico:
"Approximately 1255 hours (MST) on 29 July 1952 at Los Alamos, New Mexico, several scientists observed a bright, white, seemingly circular object, larger than a jet at 30,000 feet. The object was moving in a zig-zag manner at high speed, apparently from East to West. The object gave off a brilliant glow. There was no sound. The light of the object was changing in intensity and it appeared to disappear behind dark cloud formations in the horizon."

Lt Colonel M. H. Hathaway is a nuclear scientific employee of the University of California and a very reliable person.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; 
NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED