The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, which is an Air Intelligence Information Report.

AF FORM 112 - PART II 
APPROVED : JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Director of Intelligence
27th Air Division (DI-4)

UNCLASSIFIED

When you saw these objects, exactly where geographically could you fix their position?
At about 2:50 AM over Bradley California. I observed them over the Naval Air Station, south shore of the Salton Sea. Three disappeared and two headed south.

What was your line of sight or vision, did you have to look high or at an angle?
At an angle.

Then you are not quite sure what they were?
They are correct, except that they had lights, traveling fast, and circling. They were circling quite tightly.

Did you ever see them at night?
No.

Interrogation of Desk Sergeant Imperial, California, at 1945 hours on 15 May 1952:

Will you please relate what you actually saw on the early morning of 13 May 52?
I was on duty as the desk sergeant at the City Police Department here in Imperial, California, when a call came in concerning an address. As I was coming down the street searching for an address, when I saw an odd glow coming down from the sky. I stopped the car and got out to take a look. I observed five objects circling. They would disappear and reappear and disappear again. This occurred for about 2 minutes. Then they headed off in a southwesterly direction over the Naval Air Station. They were very fast and high up.

Do you know a jet when you see one?
Yes, I'm quite definite.

What steps did you take? 
Immediately I called the Radar Station and reported to the Desk Sergeant who was on duty.

Have you heard of this or discussed this with anyone else?
Just police officers, and I read about it in the paper also.

How high would you estimate these objects were?
About a mile high.

What about the weather?
Clear.

Were they any US aircraft, airborne?
Not that I could tell. They were gone in a few minutes later.

Where were they from? 
I don't know.

You were unable to discern the shape or size of these objects?
Correct. They were high up and circling rapidly. I could not make out any details.