There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text only.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Intelligence Officer
HQ CNTID MATS Kelly AFB, Texas            IR-74-52                   1         1

STATEMENT OF WITNESS

Major ---------, Mont.

On 27 July 52, I was returning with my family from a being trip and had stopped at the side of the road to fill the car with gasoline. It was approximately between 1400 and 1500 hours MST. As I was putting gasoline in the car, I noticed a dark colored object hovering over a nearby mountain. This object appeared to be about the size of my fist held at arm's length. It was smooth and round and seemed to be stationary in the sky. I did not see the object take off or land. After filling the car with gasoline, we continued on our way. The object remained stationary while we were there and I watched it for about 3 to 5 minutes before we drove off. I had an eight-power binocular when I was watching the object and it appeared to be metallic and reflecting the sun's rays. There was no sound or trail of any kind associated with the object. 

I stopped to check on a car from Arkansas and one from Ohio. The man in the Arkansas car had stopped and was also watching the object through binoculars. I think the man from Ohio also saw the object, but he did not stop. Shortly after I left, the object made a very fast, vertical ascent and disappeared into a white cloud.

During this time, I took several moving pictures with an Eighth Bell and Howell movie camera. Upon developing the film, the object was visible in several frames, but very small and indistinct. Upon showing the film to Major ------, he was unable to identify the object.

I have flown in excess of ______ hours in the Air Corps, and have never seen anything like this object before. There was no sound, trail or other characteristics which would identify it as a known aircraft. I am unable to estimate its size or distance, but it appeared about the size of my fist held at arm's length.

I wish to state that I am in the Army Corps of Engineers and was stationed with the 7th Division, Sandia Base, Albuquerque, New Mexico.

(Signed)
Great Falls, Montana