The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

The hypothesis that since nothing hostile has been discovered in the past, nothing hostile will be discovered in the future can be followed, and the project's discontinuance, however, would end the present day technological advances, this hypothesis may involve a certain degree of risk in the future.

1. Continued Expanded Project
a. If the project is to continue it must be expanded in scope. This would require both a limited increase in the amount of funds and personnel needed, and an increase in the scope and diversification of the project. The number and variety of personnel would be expanded within the limited scope of the project. The possibility of any definite conclusions as to the nature of the objects under project investigation will ever be reached is extremely doubtful under the present operations.

2. At the present time the objects that have been reported apparently progress have been reported the future's unknown. Reports indicate that these objects are being studied but that new devices now being developed and new weapons that would appear similar to the objects that have been previously using MATERIAL AND IT IS APPARENT THEY ARE PRESENTLY BEING STUDIED only in a very limited way, and that present operations would not adequately cope with such an occurrence.

3. There are still "incredible reports" by "credible observers" that have not been explained and should be investigated.

4. An enemy could use the present flying saucer reports as a means of creating superstition at the public level to serve their purposes. Much reports (. . the mere existence of such a grand project would have a demoralizing effect) a certain degree of risk could result.

5. It is thought possible that all the reports of unidentified objects are due to misinterpretation of known objects. The suggestion of all organized projects will provide an answer to the present to confirm or refute this conclusion.