The image does not contain any photographs, only textual information. I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and transcribe the text found in the document:

STATEMENT OF LT. D. M. DECCO

On a routine night training flight in F8D scars on 7 August 1952, the following incident was observed. I was in the pilots seat and Lt. Orr was in the co-pilot seat as we climbed to a nut uder 9,000 feet on a 270 degree heading. 

After about a quarter hour, we decided to reverse course and go to 8111 Silvas Air Force Base in the Palm Springs area. I observed a brilliant white light traversing the right front windshield and continuing to our right. It appeared to be on a collision course with our plane. It was moving at a speed of approximately 1,500 feet per second. I turned, keeping the object in sight until I was on a heading of 270 degrees. The object then began to climb rapidly. As I started to climb toward it, the object climbed at a terrific rate of speed, then made a sharp turn and disappeared from sight. First an analysis of this incident under ordinary conditions would place the object's speed at approximately 1,500 feet per second. Altitude of the object at this time I estimate to be 15,000 feet. 

During this time Lt. Foster contacted Port Lyautey tower, giving our position and stating that we had an unidentified object. At this time the tower did not see the object but when we said it was on a course of 270 degrees, and definitely at the altitude we gave, it was suggested to us that it could be a balloon from a Soviet weather station. However, the object we saw had a very brilliant white light, with some reddish lights, and was definitely moving with no discernible upper or lower limits and altitude.

After the object had almost disappeared on a heading of 270 degrees, it turned sharply to the left, then to the right, and then dropped down, the whole maneuver being brighter than white phosphorus, and with two definite blinking red lights. The object blinked 3 to 4 times and then disappeared. I could see no wings or other aircraft characteristics. At this time, the object seemed to be only the bright glow of alternately blinking lights. At this time, the object seemed to have disappeared and I continued to climb toward it. It then started up and away from us.

It was following the object, but Lt. Foster suggested that we turn away from it and continue to 8111 Silvas because it would have been impossible to catch up with it due to the terrific rate of speed and acceleration characteristics.

The glow was so bright that I do not believe it could have been made by one of our planes or satellites. The tower reported an unidentified object north of the field, definitely, however we located this object directly in front of us. It was blinking red and green lights, and comparative slow movements.

We then continued on to 8111 Silvas where we practiced GCA approaches. We returned to base at about 2325.

Encl (2)