The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

The text of the document states:

STATEMENT

The incident occurred while I was returning from an official flight from El Paso, Texas, in a T-33 type aircraft at 10,000 feet altitude. Visual flight rules. I was departing the Albuquerque AFB 16 minutes after 12:00 noon, 27 November 1952, in a T-33 type aircraft equipped with 400 gallons of fuel (Magnetic Heading 103 degrees). I observed four quick bursts of black smoke, approximately two miles distant, from the aircraft, and at the same altitude. As I was approaching my check point, the Payson Homer, I noted the time to be approximately 12:14. The smoke puffs appeared in rapid succession for a period of about 10 to 15 seconds. There were no aircraft visible at that time. I turned to the left to better observe the smoke, and it appeared to be coming from a point approximately four miles distant, and at the same altitude. I at first thought it may have been the exhausts of another aircraft. We watched them for a minute or two, and then they disappeared. The tower controller at Albuquerque AFB advised me they had not observed the puffs. He replied in the affirmative and asked if I thought they were from another aircraft. The condition was not normal for jet-type aircraft, and did have somewhat the appearance of small explosions or possible emergency situation or mayday calls. There was no transmission heard, and no other aircraft were observed in that area. After observing the four rapid puffs, this time changing course to our left, approximately one minute later a rapid 90 degree turn in the direction of the puffs occurred, which would have taken the aircraft behind the aircraft. I immediately made a rapid 90 degree turn in the direction the puffs were observed for a better look, which would have taken me behind the aircraft. No other aircraft were observed making any turns at that time. The entire incident covered a twenty minute period. At no time did we observe any contrails or conditions which would have indicated the puffs for clouds as the atmospheric condition was perfectly clear, with only one small cloud hovering over a mountain some distance away. The best description which I can offer is that they would identify these puffs with black smoke, and the succession which occurred would indicate some type of emergency or military operation. The incident was observed over a twenty five mile course extending from a point approximately nine miles northeast of the Payson Homer to a point directly over the Payson Homer. The aircraft was flown directly over the Payson Homer.

BERNARD MacGASKILL, Jr.
Lt. Colonel, USAF, 54909A