The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

As an OCR system, I will extract the text from the document:

Subj: The discovery and preliminary investigation of a stone-like object, which apparently fell from the air near Rushville, D. C.

 ygrogen flame on a cylinder of lines" (I have underlined the word "cylinder")'. It: is my belief that this was purely a coincidence that the common 10 1-4-inch diameter cylinder was the first thing that could have seemed similar to the object under investigation. In what could have

23. I am convinced that no hoax is involved in this matter. Knowing Mrs. Lanham so long, I completely believes his detailed, and originally written account. Everything he described seems to indicate this was a legitimate discovery which now seems clear to me, that it probably came from the air and passed through the hill and the neighboring trees. I do not believe it is part of the lining of a United States or foreign aircraft.

24. It is suggested that the following steps be included in any further investigation of the subject object:

(a) That representatives of air lines having aircraft that fly the air lines from Washington to Denver, Virginia, be contacted.

(b) That the materials of the object be further and scientifically analyzed by radiologists, including chemists, metallurgists, experts, physicists, and astrophysiclsts.

(c) That the object not be substantially mutilated during the tests, that it be held on film in color showing its condition before any of the tests that might be discovered, and then returned to the same person from whom I received it.

25. The pictures of the subject object in enclosure (3) were made by the U. S. National Bureau of Standards, before any disassembly of the object was undertaken. Any additional pictures of this object by the National Bureau of Standards should be obtained. None of the other pictures, or of those of finding-place of the object, should be published without the permission of the owner of the land where this object was found, as he is not giving his name herein because, understandably, he might be publicicily conscious and object to having his name or the evidence, referred to above, now on his land.