There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image contains only text that appears to be a report describing an incident involving a strange object observed in the sky near El Centro, California. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR
INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATIC
DECLASSIFIED JON DIC 5.200.10

1. Letter from District Office #3, dated 27 May 1952, File No. ED-24-21
transmitted two (2) copies of wire received by Air Technical Intelligence Center,
covering reported a FLY ING OBJECT sighting near EL CENTRO, CA1..IF., regarding the
incident which occurred on 13 May 1952. The letter gives the names and addresses of sources, and a description of incident including time, bearing, size and other pertinent information. The above information was reported by the 51 Centre.

AT EL CENTRO, CALIFORNIA

2. Deputy Sheriff of the El Centro, Calif., Sheriff's Office made
available the complete files on Subject's happening which are noted as follows:

4:17 A.M. 13 May 1952, Imperial Police Dept., Imperial, Calif., advises that
Officer Dorfmeyer reported seeing a large FLYING OBJECT described as
looking as large as D-36' and having lights on the underside. No noise was heard
and the officer states they watched them approximately four (4) minutes.
Sheriff's Office. El Centro, Calif., notified CAA at El Centro, Calif., who will alert military authorities and Navy Control Tower, El Centro.

4:42 A.M., Deputy Sheriff 1
at El and, Calif., advises that he has a strange object in the sky at the northwest end of Salton Sea, and states object looks like a flare in the sky moving to and down at approximately three thousand (3,000) feet. He thinks it to be a weather balloon.

None of the officers at the El Centro Police Department saw any objects in the sky.
CAA notified and Naval Air craft is checking.

5:30 A.M.- Mr. , CAA, advises that Navy Control Tower, El Centro, reports
sighting a strange object as well as the Army Control Tower at Yuma.

(Signed) Deputy Sheriff

3. Deputy Sheriff interviewed and stated that he believes the
object sighted was not a weather balloon, as reported, but was a peculiar
and unknown object, which he described as a "flying saucer", and was stationary in the sky like the planet Venus. Weather observation balloon was not seen. 

Chief
Inspector ELOI SHERMAN, Imperial Police Department, Imperial, Calif.,
was interviewed and stated that Officer Dorfmeyer who had been discharged from the Police
Department, was unreliable. Chief Sherman stated that he had thoroughly interrogated the two (2) officers the morning after the sighting and found them to be thoroughly reliable and found no reason to doubt their statements as to what they saw and the manner in which they saw it. He stated that a check was made to ascertain if any weather balloons were known to be in the area at that time and that none was found, and that the said objects and the manner in which they existed, was unknown and not identifiable.