Seattle Post Intelligencer — 12 May 1952

Air Force Checking Presumed Meteor That Shook Seattle

Not Seen On Radar

Astronomers throughout the nation, and the United States Air Force, guardian of the skies, displayed keen interest Sunday in the fiery object that flashed across the Seattle area in the blackness of the early morning, then exploded violently.

Scientists who make a study of phenomena of outer space concluded the fiery object was a large meteor that streaked through the earth's blanket of air and disintegrated into flaming streamers.

The Air Force has become interested in all sky visitors since it is charged with the job of keeping a radar watch of all things, natural and man-made, that pass overhead.

CHECKING DATA—
As eyewitness accounts of the strange light and following blast came in from widely scattered parts of Western Washington, astronomers expressed the opinion that an unusually big fireball had been destroyed aloft in spectacular manner.

Col. T. Allan Bennett, commanding officer of the 25th Air Force Defense Division, McChord Air Force Base, also leaned toward the theory that the object which exploded at 1:26 a.m. was a meteor. But he said his office is making a thorough check of eyewitness reports and is anxious to receive them. Bennett said he doubted that the object could have been an aircraft or guided missile. None of the radar installations in the Pacific Northwest network picked up the object on their screens, he said.

ANGLE—
Asked if the speed of the object may have eluded the radar, Bennett said that the angle, rather than speed, probably was what caused it not to show as a "blip" on the radar scopes.

"If it was a meteor, it was probably coming nearly straight down. That would make it very difficult to track. The indications might be so insignificant that radar wouldn't pick it up," he said.

"If it was an aircraft or a guided missile, we would have picked it up," he continued.

REQUEST—
Bennett asked that anyone finding a "strange" piece of material report it to his organization at McChord.

Bennett said that the ground observer phase of the air defense setup is not at present on a 24-hour basis, and said no ground observers had reported seeing the flash.

The two-second blast, a tremendous blue-white flare, caused no ascertainable damage, but police, fire department and newspaper switchboards were jammed by hundreds of anxious calls from suddenly-awakened persons.

[NON-TEXT PAGE: map showing line of flight from south to north over King County area, bursting point northeast of Kent/Hobart; caption "LINE OF FLIGHT—Shown on this map is the path and the bursting point of the aerial object..."]