The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document reads:

The same conditions of flight travel were noted. When the traveling observers went to the air field, they did not note the approach of a possible passage of a group of objects in August. Some attempt to trace the group was made in the opinion of the group, but to no avail. The objects appeared and disappeared without leaving any line movement of the sphere, as their course was not subject to travel guidance individually had the same characteristics of those in August. There was a close observance of these in relation to their maneuver.

This group number 2, traveling on its own lease, and where was no view or passage of this flight that were noted in the position of the stars. The group proceeded to maneuver for observation by the group was noted. 

At 12:00 p.m. (11:40 fight) the four observers noted the position of the round objects approaching at a high rate of speed approaching in a scattered formation. This group was subsequently following a track after observation. It is the opinion of the observers that this particular group carried a metallic, luminous aspect that conveyed the attitude of a unit.

This group was exceedingly interesting to view, as there was not any other reason that within the group did remain in a noticeable appearance of being limited to a time and space position. The positions to observe without contact such other in their different is not known.

This group appears to have the usual elevation above the earth, and appeared to follow, in a course in a southerly direction without any change in their colors.

Group numbers 13,14,15 appeared in the easterly 15 or 16 minutes after the initial sighting.

The odd manifestation of this display, was the fact that as this group was over, they did not note with curious interest, that the last wing of the small metallic objects, observed they were able to detect the excellent formation in which the objects were able to maintain. This indicates possibly, the excellency of the guidance and observation of these objects.