Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 3                                                    4 June 1968


Should the files of Blue Book ever be thoroughly examined by
competent scientists, this incorrect statistical procedure will
surely be pointed out as being most unscientific. Though more
cumbersome, the proper thing to do is, of course, to carry in
the statistical records the number of, let us say, aircraft,
probable aircraft, and possible aircraft cases as separate entries.

4.    5 June 1952, Lubbock, Texas.

Properly classed as unknown. It would be straining things
to call these possible aircraft in view of the experience and
reliability of both observers. I feel, however, much more informa-
tion could have been extracted from the original observers. For
instance, what did they mean by "lights appeared to be spherical
and six inches in diameter?" They estimated the objects to be
40,000 feet high. Did they mean six inches at arm's length, etc?
Very obvious information bits have been repeatedly overlooked in
these cases. It is obviously too late to go back for the informa-
tion in 1952 cases, etc., but in view of the continued interest
in the UFO phenomenon in this and other countries, it behooves us
to correct the mistakes of the past in the investigation of that
truly puzzling cases of the present. The great handicap that
Project Blue Book works under arises not only from lack of staff
in Dayton, but far more importantly, in the gross lack of support
at the originating airbases. Also, what is meant by "two objects
were approximately 100 yards apart?" At 40,000 feet, this would
mean a subtended angle of approximately one-half degree. Things
like this could have been checked out by an intelligent interro-
gation officer.

5.    12 June 1952, Wichita, Kansas.

In '06. The past evaluation, "probably balloon" has a low
probability, even though a piball was reportedly launched 10
minutes earlier in that general area. There were two witnesses
and with the wind 25 miles per hour from the southwest it is
unlikely that a balloon could perform the maneuvers as reported.
It was stated that the object remained almost motionless for 10
to 15 seconds then moved southwest at a fast rate (against the
wind) whereupon it stopped, made several maneuvers, reversed
its field until it reached its original position, stopped and
took off directly east at an estimated speed of 400 miles per
hour, at which time the object changed from globular to saucer-
shaped. Observers stated that the object was moving faster than