The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

OCR output:

AT GREENBELT, MARYLAND 

15. Located at Greenbelt, Maryland, interviewed on 11 May 1952, and advised that he had observed something in the sky over the Greenbelt area around 12:40 pm the same day. He stated that to his knowledge ho believed the object he had observed was a jet aircraft but that it traveled at a tremendous speed and that it maneuvered in such a way as to indicate that it was not an ordinary jet aircraft. He would surely have observed its characteristics had it been an ordinary jet aircraft and he stated that in his opinion the object was not a jet and he was puzzled as to what it could have been. He does not believe it was a weather balloon, and stated it was almost at no duration, i.e. so fast that he doubted the person reporting it would have had time to be sure of what they reported.

16. Interviewed on 11 May 1952 and advised that he had no knowledge as to the above incident. 

AT CAPT'N BAY, MARYLAND

17. W  was interviewed on 11 May 1952 describing an incident that 
was reported to him at that time. He stated that he was on duty the evening of the 10th of May 1952 and at approximately 6:00 pm they observed a strange object in the sky over the Patuxent River. They observed this object for approximately 30 minutes to one hour while stationed at the State Police Barracks. None of the personnel advised that he had activated a report to the intelligence officer on this incident.

AT BELTSVILLE, MARYLAND

18. On 11 May 1952 Mr. Balstime, Baltimore, Maryland, was interviewed at 1030 hours and reported the same story as he related to USAF. The variations in the story were that the car engine did not stall and the lights flickered but did not go out. There was no other information developed by this interview.

19. Stated that he was in terviewed on 11 May 1952 and stated that his father, an official of the US Government, had reported seeing a UFO the evening of 10 May 1952 while driving in the vicinity of Beltsville, Maryland. He stated that his father is a rational person and he knows that he would not have discussed it with others except close members of his family, but he did state that he felt it was a unusual occurrence and wanted the information to be on record.

UNCLASSIFIED