The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

9. This plan will also relieve the military personnel who are presently engaged in these activities as a additional duty in order to handle the many voluntary reports presently being submitted to the Air Force. Reliance upon instrument observations will, with the exception of meteors and meteor trains, not only provide for the positive identification of many objects, but in some cases certain performance characteristics (speed, climb, altitude and configuration) can be obtained enabling observers to eliminate reports on known objects at the source and relieve the expense and burden which would otherwise be placed on the reporting agencies and the vital military communication works. Air Defense Command should find this quite advantageous to its "operation Skywatch", filter centers, etc. 

10. The operation of the plan is illustrated on the accompanying charts. The designated field collection agencies will hold reports of those observations which do not permit technical evaluation due to unreliable or incomplete evidence until they can be collaborated or discarded. Reports containing quantitative technical data suitable for analysis will be forwarded to ATIC.

11. The first step on receipt of a report at ATIC will be to screen it to determine whether further study is required by one or more of its special group of analysts. This screening will be based primarily on the behavior of the objects. If slow or hovering, it might be checked by the Balloon Group. The Aircraft Group would examine those objects traveling at speeds similar to those of aircraft and guided missiles, while the astronomical group would investigate objects having a performance similar to meteors, meteor trains, solar flares and astronomical bodies. Groups for other categories would be organized if required, e.g. a group familiar with the problems of radio activity.