There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR text extracted from the document:

```
-11-

THE PRESS: You don't know whether Andrews Field
and Washington National Airport actually got a triangulation 
on anything?

CAPTAIN JAMES: You see, the records made and kept 
aren't accurate enough to tie that in that close.

THE PRESS: What is the possibility of these being 
other than phenomena?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I'd like to maybe
relieve Captain James just a minute. Your question is: What?

THE PRESS: What is the possibility of these sightings
being other than optical or atmospheric phenomena? In other 
words, what is the possibility of their being guided missiles
launched from some other country, for example?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, if you could select 
out of this mass any particular one or two and start working 
on them and say, "What is the possibility of them being 
these things?" Then you come to the point and say this one 
is reported to have done this, what feature for it to do 
those things either one of two conditions, absolute maximum 
power or no mass. If this is think in terms of a guided
missile, it does these things that have been measured and 
reported. It can do those things if there is theoretically 
no limit to the power involved and there is theoretically no 
mass involved. That's one of the conditions that would say,
well, if someone solved one of those problems, this could
then be explained as one of those things. You find another 
one and it has -- it just develops into no other purpose or 
no other pattern that could be associated with them, a missile. 
Those which we might identify as being missiles will be tracked.
They'll have a track to develop something that people can put 
a measurement to. I don't know whether that answers the 
question. It satisfies some of it, but maybe not all of it. 

Yes?

THE PRESS: Have there been any such instances so 
far in which you had information that indicated that either 
of these two conditions were fulfilled?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Absolute, no mass?

THE PRESS: No limit to the power.
```