Unfortunately, there is no photograph or image present in the scanned document provided. The document appears to be an old UFO report text from Project Blue Book, describing a sighting that occurred on August 2, 1952 in Rapid City, South Dakota.

The text of the document is as follows:

The second break occurred at a point about 21 feet and 9 inches above the ground. It appeared to have occurred much like snapping of a dead, decayed twig. The upper break was almost at right angles to the lower break. The debris had snapped off. On the other half they were compressed inward before breaking, suggestin that the twist had been indicated to some extent before breaking at this point. The tree was about 4 to 5 inches in diameter at this point.

The lower section remaining is standing upright. This section first broke off suddenly at a right angle about 3 feet 6 inches down from the level of the original break. The section hit butt-first slightly beyond the mid-section of the fallen tree. The broken section is held about 5 to 6 inches deep in the soft forest floor and then snapping off at right angles across the fallen bole to lean against a large standing pine. The buttend was still in the hole it apparently made in falling. The crown was largely intact. A small branch was broken off and on July 31, it had fallen by the time we returned on August 2.

The entire bole of the tree and the larger branches in the lower part of the crown showed signs of advanced decay. While the top was relatively green, the middle and lower portions showed indication of the decay. Faint rings, a more or less "case-hardened" shell remained to support the tree. The dry-rotted center fell out as the tree snapped. Only a mere or less "case-hardened" shell remained to support the tree. The brittle, but not decayed.

A few apparently active fruiting bodies of an unidentified fungus are present within five feet on each side of the upper break. They appear as blackish-brown small protrusions in lesions running with the grain. These within about 6 feet of the break showed a heavy, sooty discharge of spores. Those more remote showed lower and more scattered discharges. The blackened areas showed distinct fungus activity. The tree apparently had been dead for sometime, at least 1-1/2 spaces on July 31, but the rain of August 2 obliterated it.

Bark was largely intact except for the lower 10 to 12 feet of the tree. Bark had been stripped by woodpeckers during prior years. This old bark lay at the base of the tree. Apparently decayed by wind and growth, it had fallen from the tree. Those who have worked in western pine types state this to be the practice of the recent full tree around the base of the tree. Such bark-fall often results as the tree is attacked in browsing. The same result can be obtained in "drumming" a dead tree with a hand-tool.

The tree apparently had been dead for sometime, and, like all such trees, had to fall sooner or later. Had it been on an exposed site it would likely have fallen some time ago because of the advanced stage of deterioration at the lower break.