The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a report or document.

eballs hint

Something similar had almost happened o night before, Mrs. Agatha Gill's wife of this Alton, Gliz - had been driving east on Highway 60 near Alton, ARIZ. coming home from town, too, saw a great light "as bright as a daytime sun, hovering overhead. It was so intense that I nearly drove off the highway, I was so terrified," Mrs. Gill told me.

Watchers across a 1,000-mile span from Santa Fe, N.M. to Vista, Calif.- watched the eerie phenomenon-a small flame-lit object, a Conductor J. B. Hale of a Santa Fe freight train was adding at his track about a caboose, remarked, "That's right, we saw that thing go over just a while ago. It was too bright to look at- - -nearly blinded me to watch it."

One of the brakemen outside yelled for the trainme to hurry up for it turning loose over the sky," he re ported.

"I saw a Fireball.

Railroad conductors are not excitable pee- ple - Racing across Arizona, pilots of National Airlines reported that as they flew, the Thomas R. Aillard of Snick Airways pilot, who recognized as the firelise." Andanangelo, Texas pilot Thomae E. Cahill, reported to the CAA control tower at Oran e as it streaked right over his aircraft. "It was by far the brightest meteor we had seen in 15 years af flying," he said.

Desmond, Sk Nayar, N.M. watched the ball make six separate and spectacular jumps" just a few hundred yards from his bomestead As one of the dazzling display faded, he saw it trail a luminous vapor tail that remained visible for over 30 minutes. 

So did Julian H. Dunn Jr. a Navajo Indian weatherman on the Window Rock Navajo Reservation, N.M. (which killed four) on such a fireball investigation showed certain finely marked angular traces at the impact point, which again may have been caused by the same unusual fiery object.

Those Great green fireballs flashing through the heavens as an unexplainable phenomenon. They are still being reported in many places here, have wondered what they are. Some government sources know more about these objects than their public official statements indicate.

Atomic Energy installation at Los Alamos, and for the several installations at White Sands Army Missile Bange, and the Lincoln Nefense Base, is also said although various intelligence and scientific agencies of the ment have investigated, they have shown inere inclined to cover up than to give public information.
He is Dr. Lincoln LaPaz -- said one girl. a specialist of - -- - - - - - -