There are no photographs present in the provided document page.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
-28-

MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY: There's no special policy as
a result of these reports. We have a standard operating procedure that would call for an investigation of reports that can be tracked on a reasonable assurance of some sort of intercept or some direction to (inaudible). Those instructions are standard, however, and are not especially caused by this.

THE PRESS: General, is it true that there was a 
two-hour delay between the "sighting" of these objects last Saturday night and the dispatch of the jets from New Castle?

MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY: Yes; that is true because
there was never a track established. As soon as a track was established to tell the airplane the direction to go in and the authenticity of the thing was established, then the pilots got off. As long as there's a sporadic report with no identification, no track established, there's no use in sending a very short-range short-field-duration interceptor in the air because he wouldn't know where to go or what to do.

THE PRESS: In other words, it was the decision of 
the operations officer that occasioned the delay and not any 
error in transmission of the alert.

MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY: That's correct; yes, sir.

THE PRESS: General, it's been rumored that the 
Air Force has been picking up blips of this sort for quite awhile but waited until civilian radar picked it up. Is that true?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think I mentioned earlier 
our past experience in dealing with these things in many areas where we have had, ah, hundreds of fruitless intercept efforts in response to radar blips. It's not new with us at all.

THE PRESS: But of the same caliber as recently as 
the past couple of weeks, I mean, the same caliber blips. I think we've all heard about this blip, but is that the thing that you sighted before in the past by the Air Force? That's what I wanted to ask.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I can only say that I 
feel fairly sure that they were the same or reasonably the same. No two blips on a radar are alike.

THE PRESS: Have these been better, clearer, bigger?
```