There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten or typewritten text.

1. Case History: (Continued)
1. This case is of peculiar interest in that the object observed did not appear to conform to any known type of conventional aircraft, either military or civilian. The object was reported to have been under the control of some intelligent force. The movement and behavior of the object was not characteristic of any type of aircraft with which the observers were familiar. In view of the highly technical nature of the observations and the fact that the object was apparently under intelligent control, this case is considered to be worthy of very careful investigation and analysis.
2. The first observation was made at approximately 8:45 p.m. on November 25, 1951. The weather at the time was clear and the visibility was excellent. The object was described as being approximately egg-shaped, with a conspicuous light at the rear. The object was observed to be in level flight at an estimated altitude of 2,000 feet and moving at a speed of approximately 600 miles per hour. The object was observed to make a sharp 90 degree turn and then accelerate to an extremely high speed and disappear from view.
3. The second observation was made at approximately 9:00 p.m. on the same date. The object was again observed to be in level flight at an altitude of approximately 2,000 feet. This time the object was observed to execute a series of sharp, angular turns and maneuvers which were described as being beyond the capabilities of any known type of aircraft. The object was again observed to accelerate to an extremely high speed and disappear from view.
4. The third observation was made at approximately 9:15 p.m. on the same date. The object was again observed to be in level flight at an altitude of approximately 2,000 feet. This time the object was observed to make a series of abrupt changes in direction, some of which were described as being in excess of 90 degrees. The object was again observed to accelerate to an extremely high speed and disappear from view.
5. The observers, while highly reliable and credible, were unable to provide any additional details or observations which could aid in the identification or explanation of the object. The movements and behavior of the object were described as being unlike anything the observers had ever seen before and completely beyond the capabilities of any known type of aircraft.
6. In view of the highly technical and unusual nature of the observations, this case is considered to be of considerable interest and worthy of very careful investigation and analysis.