The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page. 

The text reads as follows:

"Page 3. Data for Air Force to accompany 8 mm film of 'ident Ified objective' taken near Landrum, S.C. Nov. 18, 1952.

Monday's addition to send in article about the same things being observed over Anderson and Marion, S.C. at the same time were 'were seeing them over our vicinity.' In as much as the article stated the surrounds were swamped at the places mentioned, also the air base at Greenville,S.C. I made no comment to tell 'em. I did attempt to tell about these objects, the layers of hot and cold air, but he went into a dissertation on clouds. I wouldn't argue with him and let it go at that.

Wish you could have been along with me at the time... You would have sure had an eye full -- something to remember for a long time to come.

Love to S--- and E---
As ever,

Second letter:
Tryon, N.C., 1-8-53.

Dear --,
Just finished your letter and am glad something might come of the 'saucers' pictures. I'm enclosing to the data you request about the 'saucers.'
The following is about what happened. We sighted the objects in the sky on the 16th Nov., 1952, at 5:15 in the afternoon. I am positive as the time of day as I glanced at my watch at the time, so there is no arguing this point.
The weather was clear where we were standing off to the west on the horizon we sighted the objects there, where a few broken clouds, enough to give us some color in the sunset. When I first saw the saucers they were eleven (11) in number and seemed like a string of beads, and appeared as large as an automobile hub cap. As I stated previously, one would leave its formation and ascend straight up while another would do the exact opposite and descend downward.
The ascending saucers made an abrupt right angle turn in leaving the formation. We at no time saw more than eleven objects and no less than eight. The formation had not dissolved until the telescopic lens we would have captured the whole sequence of events.
I would judge the time element, that is, the time we were able to view the, was in the neighborhood of twelve minutes... I observed no variation in altitude the entire time but I did get the impression they were traveling in an east to west direction and I base that on the fact that when first seen they would about the size of the jub caps on my Ford and when we finally lost them to view they were about the size of tennis balls. There were no aircraft visible at the time and I observed it carefully."