The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, possibly describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) incident.

19. He had told the investigator about his discharge from the Marines and his story was that after he got back from overseas he had had some trouble with respect to share the driving from California to Florida. His passenger said that the person disappeared and it turned out that the car was a stolen car and that his story was that he was out in California with a friend and that he and a friend had decided to take a little weekend trip for possible value and psychological study. They stated that the girl had stolen the car but they got out of the charge. Several times he claimed that he was the one who had invited them over to his home on two or more occasions. They said that the odd thing was that all these people were not known to one another except through this association. He appeared to have had knowledge of a story about the disappearance of the girl.

20. Once during a birthday party he stated that during the war he was a Marines' aid but had been shot and killed in a battle somewhere. He stated that one day he was contacted by an Officer of Naval Intelligence who asked him to go on a special mission. He was taken to Washington, D.C. and then flown to the Pacific to map Japanese islands that were approachable. He stated that he was piloting a PSY aircraft along with his surveying and cartography equipment and that as they approached the islands it life raft was jettisoned out of the plane. The plane came in for a landing but crashed due to cover of darkness he could not see but was not injured. At the beginning of the story the island was 7 x 3 n. long and at the end, it was 2 x 5 n. long. About two weeks after sighting the island the weather changed all of a sudden and there was all day and night drizzling up although they had had sunshine all day. He claimed that during the job he had found something but would not say what it was and it landed at night. However, the next day the airplane and the airplane's land and brass instruments were disappearing. He inflicted his rubber raft and started paddling toward the aircraft but the Japanese found him and sank his life raft. However, he was on the island. He inflated his rubber raft and started paddling toward the shore.