The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram depicting a UFO sighting. The text on the document describes the sighting and provides details about the observed objects, including their shape, size, and motion. It mentions that the observer was unable to understand why the objects appeared as perfect circles at all times, and that the observer had difficulty sketching the objects due to their rapid movements and changing angles.

The text is as follows:

Major Robert R. Kennedy, 
Air Technical Intelligence Center, 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, 
Ohio.

Attention: AFOIM-ATJAA-3
Subject: Twin Objects sighted in White Plains 7/17/52

Dear Sir:

I am enclosing with this letter another sketch I have drawn of the Twin Objects observed and reported to me on July 29, 1952. In my previous sketch I sent along with a filled out questionnaire August 8, I drew only the first of the twin objects I saw. This time I have drawn both the twin objects as I saw them. At the time I did not know how to sketch the different phases these twin objects went through, so I drew only the one I saw first. No doubt you have already arrived at the conclusion in the sky, making it more difficult for me to sketch these strange phases these twin objects went through. 

I have numbered on this sketch the different phases these twin objects presented and a description of each follows:

Fig. 1. This shows the beginning of the right angle turn, at which time the circles appeared to start diverging in size, remaining as two large Ferris Wheels made of crystals. It seemed to me that these spheres were attached as two spheres, but no attachments were visible, simply the two spheres, but no attachments. There was one bar and corner of frame which was well defined against the pale blue sky. The width of this frame-work in my sketch is approximately correct in relation to the dimensions of these spheres. I believe this is the beginning of the turn, which caused the two spheres to seem shorter and wider as if being viewed from an angle.

The whirling sound I had been hearing from the beginning seemed to increase as the turn commenced and the machinery, or whatever mechanism was contained within, sped up in making this right angle turn.

I hope this additional sketch and information will be of value in your studies of this type of aerial phenomenon. Please let me know if you require any additional data.

Sincerely yours,
...
White Plains, N.Y.
August 16, 1952