The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document titled "Air Intelligence Information Report" related to an incident involving an unidentified flying object.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
DET 3, 6001st AISS, APO 970
52-3350
PAGE 3 OF 4 PAGES

The altitude and full description of the object and it's actions were described by the pilot, by radio to "Mosquito Control" a ground control, during the sighting.

The object circling there [sic] to the left in a disaster ring from 100 to 500 feet above the pilot's aircraft. This caused it, the object, to completely disappear from the pilot's view while the object was circling on the far side of the sun. It is estimated the object was at approximately 16,000 feet when it disappeared from observation with the naked eye. It Bernard were [sic] government issue greenish brown.

We optical device was used. The entire sighting extended over a period of 3 minutes. The object was observed against various colored backgrounds, the dark terrain, and the blue sky and white clouds. It remained constant in shape.

Both sources state that the general motion of the object was steady and gave the impression of controlled flight. They stated that it did not appear to be moving on the motion of air current.

The pilot had flown 54 missions in this theater and the observer had flown 48 missions.

Statements were obtained and attached to this report, along with the letters from the Intelligence Officer/Military Technical Control Group. The statements indicate the approximate flight paths of the object, and the rapidly changing speed, which indicates the object was under precise control. The points as covered in the several debriefings they received.

COMMENTS OF THE REPORTING OFFICERS:
1. It is believed the sightings considered to be competent observers and sightings reported by them are considered reliable. Both officers gave exact information. However, save considerable detail in his debriefing which is reflected in this report.
2. During the inquiry conducted by the investigating officer, it was indicated that no other object beside their aircraft was picked up by the radar.
3. Lt Col Andrew Payton, Operations Officer, 30th Weather Squadron was interviewed. He remained that the air force installation in that area at Chip'o-ri (CS322), however the largest weather balloon utilized by this unit 1250 cubic feet. He stated that there was little further known pertaining to any this object or object since that incident or any other balloon operations in that area reported during the period.
4. At Yokchoang, Korea: CS3099 approximately south west of the area in flight, the pilot, 1st Lt Smith sighted the object near his aircraft. Lieutenant Smith, the officer in charge of operation at that site, reported on 5 November 1952 that he saw the object for approximately 250 yards under his command and control, and during the period he observed it he attempted to close in on it and that it promptly outdistanced his aircraft.