The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report describing the sighting of a UFO.

DESCRIPTION
Like a loaf of French bread, almost black objects shaped the right of the tower and one to the left of the tower.

(A) The object at the left then started rising slightly to the left and stopped above the tower. The object at the right at this moment, when the object at the left started rising to the right, it quietly moved to the left and seemed to merge (B) with the first object, then the object moved down and to the right in a straight line, moving somewhat like it was on an escalator, down to a position (C), a little more to the right between (1) and (2).

Between (C) and (D), Mr. [REDACTED] and the others came in. This was about 10:31.

The object did not stop at C, it just slowed down. Then, from position (C), the object started very unusual gyrations, leaving smoke trails. The object did this time-changing curved forms at all times. At one time it looked like a coin slowly revolving, at one time like a bean bag that had been encapsulated, billowing out and disintegrating, something like that. The one thing that all the observers agreed on was that the diameter of the object and the diameter of the Moon were about the same.

As the object became more circular, it appeared darker (almost black), and then it would expand until it equal to the long side, becoming a circle. As the object became more circular it appeared darker (almost black), when it was more the shape of the loaf of bread.

One of the observers said it was gray and Mr. [REDACTED] said they saw dark irregular streaks running through the object, but this was not verified by the others.

The object then careened to the ground and disappeared (D). (E) It was about the size of the spot the object disappeared. A little closer to the tower, at a spot on the horizon more than 1/3 the distance between (1) and (2), there appeared what seemed to be smoke, billowing (similar to smoke from a large factory smokestacks). This smoke then appeared to form into an object, like a cubelike shape.