The image contains a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). The document appears to be a report dated December 2, 1952 about a sighting at LaGuardia Tower.

The text in the document is as follows:

LaGuardia Tower - December 1,1952
1. Number of objects seen: One
2. The object: Ground
3. The size: Approximately the same size to the naked eye as a runway contact light directly in front of the tower.
4. The color: An orange-white appearance
5. If more than one, the formations: Only one target observed
6. Any trails: Negative
7. Aerodynamic features and propulsion systems: Unknown
8. Speed: Not discernible as continuous motion, except when a reference was made to stationary objects on the ground to which this a change of position of the light could be constantly noted.
9. Sound: None audible in t he tower.
10. Maneuvers: (Including direction and heading) Light had a downward angular tracks, angling noticeably to a more lateral movement after completing two-thirds of the descent from the beginning of first observation. The direction was from south to north.
11. Manner of disappearance: Behind the New York City skyline.
12. Direction first and last observed from observers: First observed at a bearing of approximately 290 degrees and disappeared at a bearing of approx. 310 degrees.
13. Time of first and last sightings: 0.305 to 0.355
14. There observers added in their observation (airplanes, radar, etc.): Was first observed without the use of binoculars and then with. Radar was constantly checked, but no targets appeared to the west.
15. Location of observers: In LaGuardia Tower
16. Estimate of distance and altitude from observers: Fifteen miles distant approx. 5,000 feet.
17. Elevation above horizon: Five degrees.
18. Information about weather: Airport traffic controller at LaGuardia 1945-1952
19. Identification of any aircraft in area: One inbound flight to LaGuardia was identified as to the light seen to the west when the aircraft reported plat-ing. (12 mi. SW). Aircraft did not sight the light until they were 3 miles away. Neither we had lost sight of it by the time aircraft remarked "it looked like a cluster of lights." The flight was a DC-3 on a routine trip SHR.

UNCLASSIFIED