The page in question contains a drawing rather than a photograph. The drawing appears to depict a sketch of an unidentified flying object (UFO), represented as an elongated, oval-shaped object with indistinct features.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text on the document:

```
ENCLOSURE #3, REPORT 3-52
Observers Signed Narrative of Sightings

674th AC&W Sq,
Osceola, Wisc.
45/9/31-92/38/5:4W

NARRATIVE

    I first observed the identified flying object at about l6llE CDT on l3 July 52 while on duty as a Tracker at this AC&W site near Osceola, Wisc. I was on break when Airman Malarski who was on duty as a directed me see the object. He ask aid in identifying it, questioning whether an intense white light near Coura. We checked all flight plans and found that there were no flight at the altitude this object appeared to above beaker, to be about 10-15,000 feet.

    The object seemed to be heading northwesterly and when first observed appeared to be like spherical aircraft within the attitude margin. The object dimmed somewhat in brilliance, and as it passed near our position and moved to the northwest, the hot low intensity, bright white light continued to fade, the lights were all norma No further remarks of it were heard from my position.

    In matic tracking I left this object being tracked because I was unsatisfied with my observations and therefore cannot answer any queries pertinent to this sighting. I do know that the object was very far behind anything I have ever observed before. It was definitely a smooth flying, non-powered elliptical aircraft. I immediately returned to my position after the object was of sight but was unable to continue tracking it because no radar contact had been received on it.

    I am not sure that this object was a weather balloon or similar object because the balloon I am speaking of was at too low to the horizon for a balloon, also the object appeared to be much larger than a weather balloon, having a size comparable to a C-47. The object may have actually been at 40,000 ft. me appeared well in the horizon, but I am not

    At the time of the sighting, visibility was good. If was clear and no clouds. and the Moon was visible at the time, although not in the immediate area of the object. The sighting lasted approximately twelve minutes, that was above the crafts

   At about 1623 approx. I observed the object for the last time. Id

/s/    Christopher _______
Observer
```