The image contains a photograph of a document page from Project Blue Book, a military investigation into UFO sightings. The text in the document appears to be an official report dated September 17, 1952, from Major Robert R. Kenneady, Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

The text of the document is as follows:

Attention : TWIN-ATTA-5
Subject : Twin Objects sighted in White Plains
Date : July 17, 1952

Dear Sir:

In reporting the Twin Objects I sighted July 17 from my back yard, I undoubtedly witnessed an extremely strange and peculiar light display. They could not possibly be anything familiar. For at least a month, this peculiar feature a very dark secret for one whole month, when I felt I could no longer conceal. Therefore, on August 16 I made an appointment with the pastor of our church, bringing all correspondence I had had with your Intelligence Center for him to read. I then told him the secret and asked him if he thought it was advisable to withhold this information. I expressed, by the information I had received, that it could not be Russians, by any means. The twin objects I observed were identical, with no identification at all, since we least know they are not Russians. 

Since then I have watched newspapers and periodicals (yes going through past issues) for reports of a sighting, but none appeared, which makes me wonder why they did not come across the following information.

1. Time magazine of April 14, 1952 reported that Lancelot Hogben, F.R.S., gave a lecture to the British Interplanetary Society and the public stating that the earth "can perceive or record radiation in some form of the electromagnetic spectrum (extra-terrestrial neighbors) can perceive or record radiation in some form of the electromagnetic spectrum (extra-terrestrial neighbors)." Also assume that the earth can send such radiation strongly enough to signal deep space.

2. Read in our local paper that our Air Force had ordered pilots to shoot at unidentified objects they may come across in the sky.

3. Read in our New York City paper dated Sept. 15 that a ten foot tall monster was supposed to have alighted from a "Flying Saucer" down in Sutton, W.Va.

The very afternoon I sighted this Twin Object I felt it was a friendly sighting. Since it came from the north, if you will refer to my very first letter reporting this Twin Object I would up my letter by saying "this strange objects appeared to be listening to me." Now I am about to reveal some of this information, but this other feature which I am about to reveal.

First, as I wrote in my letter of Aug. 15 (explaining Fig. 1 of my sketch) the sound noticed at the beginning, very similar to noise made by a small steamer, a muffled staccato.