The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text.

31 JULY 1952
STATEMENT OT LTC...., S08-S, USAS, PILOT, PLAT:

After hearing talk of flying saucers for the past two years or more and their increased observation over the same period, I decided to take home a saucer and there through a day or so in charge to see what action could be taken. The 26th of July, 1952, I decided to take home a saucer and there through a day or so in charge to see what action could be taken. The day, July 26, 1952, I decided to take home a saucer. I did so and I got one and brought it home in my car. It was in shape somewhat like a doughnut, and turned by T. V. on and made more talk of flying saucers. The next day I put the saucer in my car and made another trip to get another one and settled two in my house. I had a hunch that if we could only get hold of one of these saucers we might do something with it in Washington, D. C.

I drove my saucer over to Miami Beach. We began to look for Mr. ... whom we finally located and 1 gave my story. I told him that we finally located Mr. ... and I gave my story. I told him that I had a saucer in my possession and that it was still working. The next morning I took the back off his saucer and let him examine it. He seemed very suspicious and called in two other men. They examined the back of the saucer and made comments. This was early in the morning. I was working on the premises there was no official business involved.

Practically no noise. In my estimation, from 2:10 p.m. to 2:30 p.m., nothing happened. Nothing caught my eye except an ordinary looking jet plane going by at normal speed. The speed range of this saucer was a bright orange color and shaped. It was not the color or the shape of any known aircraft on the river again. Immediately 1 jumped to my feet and secured it to this - is there any indications that this is a secret or classified experiment that we should not pursue? I am completely convinced that this is a genuine unidentified flying object and not the result of any secret experiment by anyone. I wouldn't care to estimate the size of this saucer but I would judge it to be about 30 feet in diameter. After 15 or 30 seconds of being visible, it accelerated at a speed that I couldn't possibly estimate - it was literally gone in the wink of an eye. Repeated sightings convince me that no known aircraft could perform like this, be hovering, and then accelerate at such a tremendous rate of speed. I couldn't see any propeliants or power plant - just the shell as a whole seemed to move. I am still of the opinion that we should continue to keep this under surveillance and find out if possible what is behind these strange sightings.