The image provided appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph or image present on this page, only text.

USA-ICTS
Unidentified Flying Object
Maryland
12 September 1952
Major F. F. Hammerlund

Intelligence Division, Hq USAF,
Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D.C.
P-4
Civilian Resiling Near Andrews APB
10 September 1952

1. On 10 September 1952 an unidentified flying object was observed near Andrews APB. The object was sighted, stationary, glistening, and similar in appearance to a half dollar. It also was probably the same object which has been observed on several previous occasions at this station and in the nearby vicinity.

2. The sighting occurred at 1430 hours Eastern Daylight Time outside the residence of the observer at 8 Dangerfield Drive, Clinton, Maryland. The location is approximately 4 miles from Andrews APB. This sighting was independent of and disconnected from the previous sightings in the immediate vicinity of Andrews APB. The observer, who was an Air Intelligence Officer during World War II, reported that he was only limited in knowledge of aircrafts' types and characteristics and practically no knowledge of principles or flight, capabilities or various airborne devices.

3. Prior to 1600 hours local time on 10 September 1952 a check was completed with radar operators and Andrews APB. All reported negative as to this sighting. The weather at the time of the sighting was with visibility conditions.

4. There were no upper air observations being conducted locally at the time of the sighting. Two residences policemen were notified, and during the day 2 Andrews APB inspectors made a thorough search without finding any other observations. The first case was at 1300 hours Daylight time and terminated at 1340. The second was at 1725 terminated at 1741. A visual observation was made by US Weather Bureau, Silver Hill Maryland, at 1653 eastern daylight time and terminated at 1741.

DON F. MARTINDALE
Major, USAF

WILLIAM L. TRAVIS
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division