The document contains text but no photograph.

Here's the OCR transcription of the text in the document:

---
SILFI STATENEII

I, PhiICO Technician; Control and Warning Squadron, 135th AC&W Squadron, do hereby make the following sworn state-
ment:

At about 1600 EST, Friday 23 May 1952, my attention was called to a bright object in the western sky. A transit was available in Fair Main-
tenance Section, and using this instrument, I attempted to identify the above mentioned object. Although plainly visible to the naked eye be-
cause of its brilliance, the object was still too small to be identified using the telescope on the transit. Attempts to identify the object with
the aid of a pair of 7 X 50 binoculars were also unsuccessful.

This object was observed for about forty-five minutes during which time it appeared to be floating in the air and moved about in a random
fashion. When first observed, it was about 2 degrees above the horizon and almost due West of Building T-120. (Azimuth 268 degrees). Total change
of position did not exceed 5 degrees horizontally or 3 degrees vertically. No rapid changes in position were observed.

Toward the end of the period of observation, the object's angle of
elevation decreased rather steadily and at the same time its brilliance
decreased until it became invisible at or near the horizon, bearing about
271 degrees. Brilliance of this object changed continuously during ob-
servation, being bright for periods of two seconds to two minutes, and
very dim, sometimes invisible, for like periods. Change in brilliance was
gradual.

Motion of this object rules out the possibility of it being an air-
plane or meteor. Other possibilities are:
1. Helicopter: No helicopters known to be in the area.
2. Flying Saucer: No comments.
3. Piece of paper soaring on thermals: Possibly taken aloft by a
whirl-wind. Exploding motion and changing brilliances. Cannot be
discounted because of high brilliance of observed object. Sun-
light on fleeting paper results in an unusually brilliant object,
when viewed with the sky as a background.

It is my opinion that the object sighted was a piece of paper.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 Yrs.

DOD DIR 5200.10

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 27th day of May 1952

Emilu G. Hinwc4
1st Ltu., USAT
AO-75523

UNCLOSSFIED

34-5-3-46
---