The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, regarding a UFO sighting near Los Alamos, New Mexico on July 22, 1952.

The text in the document is as follows:

NATIONAL SECURITY INFORMATION
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation is opened at the direction of the District Commander presidented upon information furnished by DONALD E. DICKINSON, Director Security Division, Los Alamos Field Office, concerning the observation of a flight of unidentified aerial objects by DON E. WIEWS.

AT LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO

2. On 22 July 1952, at 1030 to 1115 hours, Mr. , a supervisor, and CARGO PILOT, observed a flight of approximately eight (8) round or elliptical objects from the Los Alamos Air Force Base. WIEWS observed the objects to be approximately 25 to 30 miles southwest of Los Alamos and traveling at a speed estimated to be in excess of 1,000 miles per hour. WIEWS presumed the direction of flight to be Southwest, although it was his estimation the objects could have only been at a low altitude. He described the color as aluminum or bright metallic with varying luminosity, and estimated the size to be impossible to determine because they were so far away. WIEWS stated it would be impossible to determine aircraft type at such a distance, but he had estimated the objects to be rather large in relation to aircraft. WIEWS stated some had been observed to change direction instantly; others did not seem to remain long in one direction, zig-zagging and appearing to reverse themselves, making it impossible to keep in view with binoculars. WIEWS was engaged in other activities during this observation period, so could not maintain continuous sighting. When first seen, the objects appeared to be hovering directly overhead. The altitude was impossible to ascertain. They must have been very high because no distinguishing marks could be determined by the unaided eye. The objects appeared to the sighting to be visible only with the aid of binoculars. It was estimated the objects were in sight approximately 25 minutes, although not continuously.

3. Mr. , a CARGO PILOT, and , a FIRE DEPARTMENT, also observed this group of objects.

- CLOSED -

UNCLASSIFIED

CONFIDENTIAL SECURITY INFORMATION