The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document that discusses the "World of Flying Saucers" and various observations and theories related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 97—THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

Images made of light can glow with brilliant colors, can show well-defined counter-shapes, and can flip on and off. Since they are not subject to the forces of gravity and inertia they can travel at incredible speed, change direction sharply and instantaneously, and perform all of the maneuvers ascribed to the UFOs. On the other hand, these observations have become credible, and the major part of the problem remains unexplained.

Only one problem remains: just exactly what produced the images? Of the many possible explanations, we first considered the simplest, an astronomical source. The UFOs appeared to be in the sky as stars, i.e. 35,000 to 45,000 miles distant forty-five minutes after sunset. The night was dark, for the moon had just entered its last quarter and would not much later. Apparently, the only planet visible at that time was Jupiter, which is so bright that it would have been conspicuous. Moreover, since Jupiter set more than an hour after the sun, it should have been visible above the western horizon at the time of the sighting. But since it was not particularly brilliant, having a magnitude of a little more than -2.6, we put aside the astronomical theory, for the moment, as improbable.

We next explored the possibility of multiple reflections in the glass windows of the cockpit, produced by a light source inside the plane (such as a cigarette), or in the air outside (such as a searchlight). Like the astronomical theory, this idea was set aside as incredible. Learning to distinguish between a reflection and a real light seen through a cockpit window is part of every pilot's training. When he sees a strange light, he automatically makes the proper checks. Furthermore, Nash and Fortenberry had observed the disks through three separate windshield observations.

Accepting the overwhelming probability that the source of the UFOs was outside and below the aircraft, we concluded that it was illuminated by a light source, probably from the ground area near Newport News and Norfolk, with several airfields and military installations, included countless possible sources such as a searchlight, an illuminated advertising sign, or an aircraft. Stratification of light waves or temperature and/or humidity could have multiplied such a light into a series of glowing disks. The source of this theory, of course, depended on the prevailing weather conditions. According to the reports, on the night of July 14 normally a third of the sky was obscured, but was covered with thin cirrus clouds, practically invisible, at lower altitudes. Light, even and calm, and a temperature inversion existed. Under such conditions the suggested mechanism would obviously not operate.

A more detailed survey of the weather conditions, however, quickly showed that the picture was greatly oversimplified. At the time of the sighting, the night had already become quite dark. Yet the sun had set only forty-five minutes earlier, and, according to the observers, the disks should have ended until gone had time. Thus there must have been a dense cloud bank low in the west.