The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that seems to be part of a Project Blue Book report. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and extract all the text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS
146TH FIGHTER-BOMBER WING
GEORGE AIR FORCE BASE
Victorville, California

14 May 1952

Statement of Observer:

1. One of the 3 objects (that I observed) resembled a paper plate in shape and its surface was of a metallic color. The others were too high to allow any accurate estimate as to shape or size but had a metallic glistening. One of the smaller objects was not continuously visible because it seemed to waver or "wobble". As it turned, the sun's reflection on its surface could be seen. The other two smaller objects were continuously visible, the smaller one disappearing and reappearing in the paper plate's flipped end over end in a definite direction, disappearing from sight about 5 minutes later at a reduced speed.

2. I made the two sightings at 1225 and 1226. The first observation lasted 1 minute and the second one around 3 minutes.

3. I observed the objects from the ground with the naked eye.

4. I was at the central part of George Air Force Base when I made the observations. George Air Force Base is located 4 miles northwest of Victorville, California. The larger objects moved in a northwesterly direction. The smaller one, on the second time, it was moving east approaching me and then headed south after approaching to within 10,000 and 15,000 feet. The two smaller objects did not move in any direction constantly but in the same general vicinity. They were between 20,000 and 25,000 feet high.

5. I have a high school education and am taking instruction as a civilian light aircraft pilot.

6. Weather was clear, with good visibility and little wind in the vicinity.

7. No special activity or condition which might account for the sighting.

8. No physical evidence of the observation was apparent.

9. No interception or identification action taken.

10. No aircraft in the air in the vicinity at the time of observation.