The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text describes two photographs taken on July 7, 1947, near Phoenix, Arizona, showing a disc-like object with a round front and a square tail. The text states that these photographs have been examined by experts who claim they are true photographic images and do not appear to be caused by dirty lenses or imperfections in the camera. The text then goes on to describe an incident on July 10, 1947, where a circular object was seen flying at a high velocity, paralleling the earth's surface and leaving a trail which appeared as a "burning-up" of a cloud formation. The text also mentions the death of a National Guard pilot, Capt. Thomas Mantell, who was killed while attempting to chase an unidentified object up to 30,000 feet, and several other sightings over Lubbock, Texas.

Text output:

One of the best pictures was taken in 1947. On 7 July, William Rhodes 
of Phoenix, Arizona, saw a disc circling his locality just at sunset, and 
took two pictures. These pictures, showing a disc-like object with a round
front and a square tail, have been examined by experts, who state that they
are true photographic images and do not appear to be caused by dirty lenses
or imperfections in the emulsion. (See page ____.)

On 10 July 1947, Woodruff's report describes a circular object, reported
as a circular object flying at a high velocity, paralleling the earth's surface 
and leaving a trail which appeared as the "burning-up" (Mr. Woodruff's words)
of a cloud formation. The sighting occurred near Harmon Field, Newfound-
land. Two other persons also saw the trail, which remained in the sky for
about an hour, and it was photographed by another AAF employee. The result-
ing photographs support Woodruff's observation as far as the long-lasting
vapor trail is concerned. See page _____.

Death rode on a "Saucer" when, on 7 January 1948, a National Guard
pilot, Capt Thomas Mantell, was killed while attempting to chase an unidenti-
fied object up to 30,000 feet. While it is presumed that this pilot suffered
anoxia, resulting in a crash, his last message to the control tower was:
"It appears to be a metallic object ... of tremendous size ... directing
itself toward our position and appears to be a metallic object." This sighting
was at Godman Air Force Base in Kentucky and was one of the
first to be reported from that area.

Lubbock lights
Skipping years and many sightings, we arrive at one of the most 
puzzling cases to date: a series of sightings over Lubbock, Texas. The high