The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned document or report. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to output all the text found in the document:

IR-21-52 2 2

1. A civilian female's manner of observation was visual from the surface. From the surface the observer located the object, which was flashing, and claimed it was onknow by any authority.

2. The observer, located in the Randolph Air Force base control tower, was controlling an aircraft at the time. He observed the object at 9:55 (55) degrees. This sighting was determined by the fact that the tower operator pointed out the object to the pilot of the aircraft under his control, and the pilot concurred in the observation.

3. V/C Walter D. Watts, Lt, 13-KCCCH, is a control tower operator. This was the first time he had ever seen anything like it. He is very familiar with all types of aircraft, conventional and jet. He stated he had never seen anything like it before. The object was described as being about 45 degrees up, larger than a star, flashing on and off, and moving very slowly. He estimated its size as being approximately two and one-half times the diameter of a B-29 propeller. The observer will attest to his report.

7. The weather at San Antonio during the sighting was clear, visibility fifteen miles, surface winds southwest at seven (7) knots.

8. The investigation by the District Office Randolph AFB was recorded in their official log. It appears a detailed check of the Randolph weather data and a thorough check of the aircraft control center records on the date was made. No further information was uncovered to warrant a formal air technical intelligence investigation. The project BLUE BOOK record of this incident includes only a very brief summary noting the date, location, and such limited details as were reported in the initial report.

9a. No negatives were ever obtained and no photographs taken.

10. Identification or classification action was taken other than the recording of a routine "Unidentified" report and the initiation of this brief follow-up check at the local level, without further information or development.

11. The traffic in the immediate area was one (1) D-28 Laminar training aircraft, serial 2, Randolph AFB, in the landing pattern, about the time of the sighting.

COMMENTS TO: REPORTING OFFICER

The reporting officer's report was submitted promptly through channels to this headquarters. However, no further investigation or information on this particular sighting was developed by this headquarters. The object observed was reported to have definite characteristics and to have been witnessed by a control tower operator very familiar with aircraft. No photographs were obtained, however, and the lack of physical evidence or data precluded anything more than the recording of the incident as "Unidentified" in project files.