-1-

[redacted], Capt. PAA                                January 18, 1962

The nature of many of the phenomena have been known for many years. I have discussed these with many pilots, both civilian and military. I find that they are completely unaware of the ability of a bright star near the horizon to appear to maneuver. The Air Force was unaware of this. The Air Force scientific advisor was unaware of this. But it has since been definitely demonstrated and proven that this can happen under certain conditions of temperature inversions. I am not saying that what you saw resulted in a temperature inversion. But I am saying, however, that I have more than theory to go on.

Let us return to another point. Of course I do not know what you actually reported to ATIC. All I have to go on is their fairly lengthy and detailed report. I conceded that inconsistencies may arise because of inadequacy of transcription. I illustrated from time to time by a spot check in the ATIC reports, some of the resulting errors from inadequate questioning. For example, when they asked the question "What is the bearing of the UFO?" the reply may refer to the direction of the UFO as seen by the observer. If it may refer to the observer's estimate of the course of the UFO. There are two quite different thing.

Be that as it may, I welcome the opportunity to ask you a few more specific questions. Perhaps I am not quite as naive as you suspect. I had even gone so far as to obtain photographs of the inside of a cockpit in a DC4, in order to judge the configuration of the windows.

Sharp

Here is a point of disagreement. I agree that you can estimate angular spread and angular speed. This is equivalent to your statement that they would approximate the size (angular) of a LC3 or a UC4 at 2,000 feet. This means that they were a little more than a quarter of 3 degrees in diameter, something less than half the diameter of the full moon.

Now, if you knew the distance, you can get the true size. Or, if you knew the true size, you can get the distance. But--and this is the point that I tried to make in my previous note--no one can possibly determine the distance of a object of unknown size if it lies beyond approximately 3,000 feet. With a single eye you can't judge distance very well. Try closing one eye, partially mask your arm, and try to bring the little finger of one hand against the pointer finger of the other. Ability to judge distance depends upon binocular vision. The distance between two eyes is two and one-half inches. At 3,000 feet, the two eyes subtend an angle of approximately one fortieth of a degree. In fact, most people cannot judge distances accurately beyond 150 feet.