The page includes no photographs.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

She maintained that in the western part of the sky it would remain stationary,
then hop up several degrees very quickly - almost instantaneously - stop,
move to the left and then swerve down in sort of a slanting motion, repeating
these maneuvers many times. By this time everybody at the Filter Center was
very excited and, as they said, shaking, because they had the feeling that
somebody was watching them.

This original western object disappeared sometime between midnight
and 1:00 am. Just about midnight, however, the Filter Center people almost
simultaneously saw other objects to the east. Object #2 was sighted at
0612 to the north of east. At 0712 two other objects toward the
east were seen. The plots of these objects are given on photos 3 and 4. The
best drawing of the positions and motions of the objects comes from Sgt. Harry
and is included as Fig. 6A.

Mr. ___ was located at the CAA Control Tower, 2½ air miles away
such that the Filter Center had a bearing of 321° from the tower. He saw all
4 objects also, but not exactly in the same positions. Since there was a
chance here of getting a fix on these objects, we spent a fair amount of time
having Sgt. Harry and Mr. Wilhelm sight the remembered positions of the objects
at the time a C-124 Globemaster came by at approximately 0800Z. This estab-
lishes a point in time, and Fig. 2 and 4 show the position of the object at
the time of the passage of the C-124. Object #1 in Fig. 2 is denoted by the
" x ". ___ stated that the bearing of object #1 was 260° at an altitude of
18°. ___ gave the position of the object at 275° and 13° altitude. The
altitudes do not check, but the bearings place the object about a mile and a
half west of the Filter Center. If one adopts a mean value of altitude, the
fix places it at 3½ miles from the airport and 1½ miles from the Filter Center.
The motion over a good number of degrees, in apparently close position, and the
many changes of color would appear to rule out a star.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```