There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One:) 
22.1. (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.): Certain, Not very sure, Fairly certain, Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shapes would it have? Give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

OCR Text:
20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
     Sketch is provided.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. About 15 to 20 feer.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One:) 
(Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.): c. Not very sure
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Faded out slowly.
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shapes would it have? Give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Smaller object faded out slowly, larger object seemed metallic and cylindrical in shape, about 15 to 20 feet long.