The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text found in the document:

3. On 8 May 1953 the writer, in the opinion of S/A PAUL and Constable CORNIAN, interviewed STEWART, who stated that on 17 April 1953 at approximately 9:30 hours he observed a light in the sky.

4. On 8 May 1953 the writer, in the opinion of S/A PAUL and Constable CORNIAN, interviewed STEWART, who stated that on 17 April 1953 at approximately 9:30 hours he observed a light in the sky which he first thought was a helicopter, but it was 75 yards away from him and appeared to be a dome-shaped object and was hovering motionless. The object gave off a glow and was spinning rapidly. The object was observed for approximately 2 to 3 minutes and then shot away at a terrific speed. STEWART stated that the object was approximately 20 feet in diameter and oval in shape. After the object disappeared, STEWART observed a small white light in the sky which appeared to be an aircraft, but was moving in a different direction and speed than the previously observed object.

5. On 6 July 1953 the writer, in the opinion of S/A PAUL and Constable CORNIAN, interviewed STEWART, who furnished the following additional information: In the meantime, STEWART had contacted others who had observed the object on 17 April 1953 and on looking into the air at the time he had observed the object, he now observed a large silver disc-shaped object hovering over the trees, which moved off at a terrific speed. This object was estimated to be around 60 to 70 feet in diameter and just as it passed over the trees, it gave off a glow and then shot up and away at such a terrific speed that it was lost from sight in approximately 2 to 3 seconds. STEWART stated that the small white light which he had observed after the first object had disappeared was possibly an aircraft, but the large silver disc-shaped object which he now observed was definitely not an aircraft, nor was it any type of known aircraft.