The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book document, which is a report on unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

The text of the document is as follows:

RESTRICTED
SECURITY INFORMATION UNCLASSIFIED

If the data as r ported by La Paz are correct, then we do have a strange phenomena here indeed.

Astronomer NN has not seen any. He happened to be with me, however, while I interviewed some laymen who had seen some aluminum-colored discs. 
He was most impressed by the consistency of their stories.

Astronomer NN is Clyde Tombaugh, who has already been identified in the Life article. He has made two sightings, the first of which is the one reported in Life magazine and the second was reported to me. The details can be obtained by sending him a questionnaire, as he is willing to cooperate.

Briefly, while at T-Telescope No. 3 at White Sands, he observed an object of -6 magnitude (four times brighter than the planet Venus at its brightest) travelling from the zenith to the southern horizon in about three seconds. The object executed the same maneuvers as the nighttime luminous object which was reported in Life magazine. No sound was associated with either of the sightings.

Mr. Tombaugh is in charge of optics and rocket tracking at White Sands Proving Ground. He said that if he is requested officially, which can be done by a letter to the Commanding General, Flight Determination Laboratory, White Sands Proving Ground, Las Cruces, New Mexico, he will be able to put his telescopes at White Sands at the disposal of the Air Force. 
He can have observers alerted and ready to take photographs should some object appear. I strongly recommend that this letter be sent.

Astronomer OC is a meteor observer at the Harvard Meteor Station in New Mexico. Although relatively new on the job, he observed two lights while on watch at 1:30 a.m. that moved much too fast for a plane and much too slow for a meteor.

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED