The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

AERONAUTICAL CHART SUPPLY

It is requested that the following information be used as the latest information available, U. S. WEST AERONAUTICAL CHART, as per paragraph 1 below. The items listed are for use and accounting for the United States Air Force, and for the use of other U.S. government agencies.

CIVIL CHART SUPPLY

This is a listing of charts to be made available for the use of Government agencies. A request will be necessary to obtain these charts and items with authorized agents.

1. Aeronautical charts, maps and publications as listed in the U.S. Air Force Aeronautical Chart and Information Center Catalogs and Bulletins.

2. Regulations:
Maintenance of aeronautical charts.

Distribution, accounting, and reshipment procedures will be covered in separate directives, and a specific chart supply manual will be issued later.

(1) Requests for maintenance and distribution of aeronautical charts and maps should be addressed to the Commanding Officer, U.S. Air Force Aeronautical Chart and Information Center, 8900 South Broadway, St. Louis 25, Missouri.

(2) Requests for special purpose charts, maps and charts, other than those listed in paragraph 1 above, will be covered in separate directives to be issued later.

3. Charges for charts will be made in accordance with current regulations from U.S. Air Force accounting within Continental United States. Agencies outside Continental United States will order charts through regular supply channels and will be charged as prescribed by appropriate regulations. Agencies within Continental United States are to bear the signature or approval of the Base or Station Operations Officer. Agencies outside Continental United States will have the signature or approval of the appropriate Supply Officer of that area.

Remarks: Postage is not required.

FROM
PENALTY FOR PRIVATE USE TO AVOID PAYMENT OF POSTAGE, $300

OFFICIAL BUSINESS
DIRECT TO HOME