The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document page discussing weather balloons and saucers. The text on the page provides details about sightings of unidentified flying objects, including a specific incident near Rosallia, Washington on February 9, 1953 involving a U.S. Air Force pilot. The text analyzes various evidence and concludes that the UFO sighting was likely a weather balloon.

Transcribed text from the document:

Weather Balloons and Saucers

In the early years of the saucer era balloons accounted for some 25 percent of the unidentified flying objects reported to ATIC. The pattern of these sightings is unmistakable, and the identity of balloons and their nature as certain as any evidence can be. Nevertheless many such identifications are resolutely rejected by the saucer enthusiasts to whom it is disconcerting to dismiss an observation as the flight of a balloon. But we can summarize a few of the more famous cases.

On February 9, near Rosalia, Washington, a pilot had sighted a 15-30 ft weather balloon. During this encounter the pilot saw to his left a large unknown object which he described as moving erratically with a sound which he termed "whistling" and then "disappeared."

The evidence exists that the light was either a "saucer" or a meteorological object; but the real probability is that it was a balloon. Investigations by ATIC determined the following facts:

On February 9, 1953, the pilot of a T-33 jet plane bound for Spokane, Washington, was near Rosalia when he sighted a round, white object rising at a speed estimated at 15° to 120° above the horizon. While trying to identify the object, the pilot observed a larger object which he described as metallic, about 50 ft in diameter, rising slowly in view for 15 to 20 minutes. The larger object was estimated to be 10 miles southwest of the pilot's position. As the pilot proceeded on a southeast course, the R-33 made a pass to the left and the larger object disappeared. The pilot could not identify it.

At a later date, thirteen minutes before the sighting, the United States Weather Bureau at Fairchild Air Force Base had released a pilot balloon. Winds aloft at altitudes of 6,000 to 30,000 feet were from the northeast with a speed of about fifty knots. Computations showed that the existing winds would have carried the balloon to the southwest, and it would have been over Rosalia, which is 125 nautical miles from the Fairchild Air Force Base, in about fifteen minutes. The plane sighted the unknown near Rosalia thirteen minutes after the launching. This, together with other evidence, supports ATIC's conclusion that the UFO was a weather balloon.