The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

USAF TIS

After some difficulty I reached Col. Sason by telephone, who advised me that no reports had been received from the object observed in Reno, Nevada. I was informed that the matter over to Col. worth. I get the impression that someone would have to verify the existence, where this object was still visible, while no appearing to move. It was necessary for me to condition ally to do so on a subsequent occasion.

1:15 pm. No one having arrived to verify sighting. I again called col. worth and requested that I again be called by the telephone and he would call me back. This he did at 1:30 pm. 

At 1:30 pm I returned to base, and the object was still visible. I was able to reconstitute the driver the object which reserve it. This he did, giving his name as Prof. The time now 1:50 pm, the Professor of Geology, university of Nevada.

I could not reach Col. Worth by phone until 2:45 pm, when I reported this verification. Col. Worth suggested we send two civilian men to our hotel for "debriefing".

1:50 pm, we returned to 6th and Lake streets, but could not again locate the object.

2:30 pm. two sergeants visited us at our hotel, expressing appreciation of our reports. The army was very interested in all such reports.

Col. did point out to us that Army had been aware of this sighting for some time, but hadn't been interested enough to look at it.

I have spent 13 years in Air Line work as a Meteorologist and Radio Communications. Any guess as to altitude or size of the object would be subject to wide error from a visual observation. For reasons will know, I would guess the altitude to have been between 20 and 30 thousand feet - the latter altitude more consistent with the smallness of its head or pin head size at arm's length.

The object was not an airplane. Considerable doubt in my mind. 

No encountered more in way of fighting, and this is difficult to understand, such sightings when we know the object could be tracked quantifiably and fully understood. I don't think I shall again get so much trouble in attempting to get attention if I should make another sighting.