The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newsletter from the "C.R.I.F.O." organization, focusing on "Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects". The newsletter discusses various topics related to space and astronomy, including the upcoming movement of Mars, telescopic observations, and the "enigma of two unknown objects". It also lists the names of individuals who have accepted associate membership with the organization.

C.R.I.F.O. - NEWSLETTER
Vol. I No. 1

WATCH RED PLANET MARS! BY July, 1954, Mars will swing to within 40 million miles of the earth. This unusually close approach has alerted every possible source of "saucers" is getting geared for the event. Some authorities believe that the coming conjunction will produce a peak of sightings. Perhaps Keyhoe is right - The Air Force was informed of an invasion.... One indication of official concern is the tremendous effort being made to intensify observation to track the objects. This project is headed by astronomers, Dr. Kagle, Obermaier, and Dr. Lincoln La Paz.

ASTRONOMERS ALERTED... Mars rather than cosmic expansion will concern astronomers in Bloemfontein, South Africa where the telescopic perception is better. Bloom-fontein will soon again be the scene of exhaustive observations of the heavens beyond this world - as stated in Martian canals, atmospheric conditions, etc., this world-wide program of telescopic tracking and photographic recording is to determine if the reported observations are based on "scientific fact or fantasy." Some are convinced that Mars is uninhabited; others are convinced that the "two unknown objects" are regularly operating from this planet.

THE ENIGMA OF "TWO UNKNOWN OBJECTS"... What is the real significance of this phenomena to date is fragmentary and confusing. Frank Edwards, radio commentator, first reported the discovery of the "two unknown objects" by an unnamed radio-physicist, proclaimed in an address to the British Assn. of Advance-ment of Science that Britain and America's had identified radar objects as "two unknown objects of unique character" and described them as "discovered in interplanetary space." 

On March 12, Frank Edwards again revealed official concern over the two objects when he disclosed that an official report between British and American scientists had been presented at the Pentagon. These objects, states Edwards, were not seen prior to 1947. Scientists in White Sands are examining information, but CRIFO will pass along what information is obtainable.

The following named men have accepted Associate Membership with CRIF0:
Thaddeus W. Culmer II - Robinson, Illinois
Dean A. Mitchell - Cincinnati, Ohio
James Moseley - presently in Lima, Peru