There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document with text describing an observation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) over Santa Ana, California on January 9, 1953.

The text of the document is as follows:

CASE #21 (round - page 4)  
9 Jan 53  
Santa Ana, California  

Two observers, an a/c commander and a pilot of a B-29 aircraft, observed the objects while flying at a heading of 320 deg. The objects appeared as a formation resembling the lights formation of jets, with lights appearing at regular intervals. The lights seemed to be oscillating somewhat and disappeared and reappeared at intervals. There was a brief rate of closeness that the a/c commander started a turn to the left, suddenly the lights and appeared to hold the same position momentarily and then made a slight rise and disappeared. The lights appeared in a slightly bright V formation and were blue in color. During the interval in which they were observed, the lights changed from a banked to a level position, stopped and started only momentarily before disappearing. The time on board was 1937-1942 with the time remaining in view for approximately 5 seconds thereafter. The a/c in which they were flying was on a heading of 320 deg and was over Santa Ana, California. The objects were observed at 23:00 or 23:15 of the a/c. These objects appeared to be at a level with the a/c which was flying at 35,500'. The speed of the objects or their distance from the observer could not be ascertained. The weather conditions at the time precluded any positive identification. In most cases the a/c commander upon first sighting initiated a turn in an effort to get out of the line of flight of the objects. As both were familiar with the reflection characteristics of the B-29 cockpit, there were checked to insure the lights were not a ground reflection within the cockpit. There were no other a/c observed in the immediate vicinity and those were reported by air traffic control and identified as friendly aircraft Service.

ATIC Comment: The R-97 type a/c were Santa-Ana-as-9-Jan-1953-sighting-of-high-altitude-multi-colored-lights-maneuverable-which-case-had-positive-identification-was-not-available.