There is no photograph in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing a report from the 25th Air Division (Defense) related to an incident where a station called F-4h was unable to pick up certain tracks.

The text of the document is as follows:

"FROM: 25th AIR DIVISION (Def)
TO: DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE, USAF
SUBJECT: UNCLASSIFIED AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT 

1. The fact that station F-4h was unable to pick up these tracks when they were within the surveillance capability of that station reflects the deterioration of the monitoring equipment at that station. This condition reflects the inability of the Air Force to properly monitor air traffic and numerous fishing boats and some ocean vessels.

2. A close watch toward ocean-going vessels from Tatocush Island (near Neah Bay?) appeared to be a matter between 1500 and 1700 feet from the station, yet the tracking equipment was unable to pick up the tracks. This could indicate that the station's equipment is in need of repair and adjustment. It is noted that F-4h is manned by personnel from WSAF, who have been charged with the development of ground and universal radar units and may develop and blink may appear on scope when actually no aircraft object is present.

3. It is further noted that site F-4h was below the level of the surrounding terrain and that the equipment installation was made during the winter conditions, which may have a bearing on the null area for F-4h at the present altitude setting. More detailed examination may be required.

4. The Westport Coast Guard station is located at AD 2291. The unknown tracks are within 50-75 miles of that station. The Coast Guard Headquarters at Seattle has been notified of this traffic and stated that they have not been able to identify any unusual vessel activity on their 500 kc marine monitor station's equipment. The Coast Guard has stated that they will continue monitoring the situation and will attempt to identify or track any vessels known to be in vicinity of tracks as reported on the CCG monitor station's equipment.

SECTION V - CONCLUSION 
1. This Headquarters is unable to further evaluate these tracks.
2. No firm conclusions can be reached as to identity of subject tracks."