There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

LUKE AFB, ARIZONA 
3 MARCH 1953 

I. DESCRIPTION
In this instance, the object was never observed, but a high altitude condensation pattern was observed. When first sighted, the contrail was approximately 3000-4000 feet long, extending above the aircraft, very thin in depth and with an irregular trailing edge. As the object flew away, the contrail made a u-shaped turn at 20 degrees. During this maneuver, source and object were at right angles, moving above 500-900 feet long with an irregular, wispy trailing edge. Immediately, a condensation trail began to form and extended for several miles, diminishing in intensity. After this, the object reappeared, reversing its maneuver, and passed through the contrail again via approximately 1800 ft. long, ending abruptly. At this time, the object was traveling at an estimated 800-900 mph. The most unusual feature was that the contrail stayed with the un-lighted object, and did not extend across the sky as the contrail of normal aircraft contrails.

II. DISCUSSION
The contrail was observed by the pilots of three P-51 type aircraft with only one pilot obtaining a visual of the object itself. The pilots described the overall size as being somewhere between 50-60 miles before breaking off. The object, however, source states the observed the close-in detail of the object, which was described as being in very good condition, and has been analyzed by the photographic laboratory at WADC. 

a. The white vapor trail photographed is probably a vapor trail from a rapidly moving object. The subject itself is invisible in the photographs.

b. The exhaust vapor trail, apparently from a twin propulsion unit, is more pronounced than the end of the film itself, as though the object were accelerating in response to pursuit. The configurations in the trail object.

c. An additional vapor trail, thought to be due to distorting surfaces, is also in evidence; but it disappears rapidly. This additional vapor trail appears to be centered about the exhaust trail.

Within the content of the film, the photographic evidence have reduced the distance between the object and film as though the object were not parallel, but closing, and therefore the distance and velocity with respect to the plane cannot be determined with a full resolution.

UNCLASSIFIED