The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Directors of Intelligence
Headquarters Air Materiel Command
23-9-53             APR 23,1953

AO 35-2404 The following information was received from Lt Colonel Gilmer K. Walker, Jr.:

On or about 23 May 1953, I noted an Pilot on a routine right containing a light from Rabat, French Morocco, flying at approximately 13,000 feet. The light appeared to be a brilliant white light, blinking or flashing at intervals. The pilot reported maintaining contact with the object for approximately 30 minutes, and stated that it appeared to be maneuvering in a manner similar to instrumentation or radar interference as though it were an electronic countermeasures device. The object was observed to make abrupt changes in course, altitude and speed, and at times appeared to stop in mid-air. The pilot stated that he had not seen such an object before and that it appeared to be an unknown craft under intelligent control. The object was last observed about 30 miles west of Casablanca Air Force Control over the ocean. The incident was reported in detail to Casablanca Air Force Control immediately and over DIRECT voice line.

I was immediately dispatched to the area by Casablanca Air Traffic Control at 22:30 where I retraced the route of the flight reported by the pilot. At this time the object was no longer observed, and nothing further was discovered. The pilot who made the original sighting was Lt. Col. A. W., an experienced pilot of the US Air Force, with a long and distinguished record. He was at the time and remains now a member of my staff.

The position report rendered Casablanca Air Traffic Control as 21:30 was made over direct voice communications from the aircraft to the Control Tower. The time on the incident was on an automobile pilot's watch, and a change in course of approximately 90° was made during the incident. The duration was approximately 30 minutes.

There was some evidence of small particles or ground fog in the area. Those were referred to by the pilot as being analogous to what might be seen during a similar incident in the area some time ago when a small meteorological radar target was picked up and investigated, but nothing further developed.

At approximately 2130Z, I observed what appeared to be an approaching aircraft from the direction of Casablanca, but it was not possible to positively identify it as the same vehicle. The light was visible, but the outline of the craft was not. The light was traveling at a high rate of speed, and made an abrupt change in direction though the light remained steady without blinking or flashing. I was unable to maintain visual contact with the light, as it proceeded to move rapidly out of sight to the east. This was the only other incident of note observed in the area during the period of my investigation.