There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
44OTH AIRCRAFT CONTROL AND WARNING SQUADRON
Ellsworth Air Force Base
South Dakota

19 January 1954

Dr. J. A. Hynek 
Ohio State University 
Columbus, Ohio

Dear Doctor:

After your departure I checked possibility that Lt. Needham was
a man who tended to become excited or confused in emergencies. I discussed
the possibility with several of his associates and particularly with his oper-
ations officer, Major Fairbrother. Contrary to  statement, 
I found that Lt. Needham is a very reliable, cool individual with an excellent
combat record. On the other hand, I also checked a little on  re-
liability. Some of the pilots of aircraft that he has controlled have termed
as somewhat "more than as he gre more  reacustomed to his job. I
also have had a from my adjutant that Mr.  has been known to ex-
aggregate stories. Exaggerations were particularly noticed in Mr.
accounting of baseball records. It just so happends that the adjutant has
been a student of baseball records for some years and he immediately detected the 
inaccuracy of the stories. He told no one about them at the time did not con-
tradict Mr.  on the spot because he wanted to avoid embarrassment for him.
Apparently Mr.  will toll stories to improve his prestige although the facts
may not be accurate. The adjutant and Mr.  were both members of the squad-
ron baseball team during the past summer and the adjutant noted that Mr.
will never admit that he might have been wrong. He engaged in several seriuos
arguments with umpres was it was apparent to everyone, including members of both
teams, that he was wrong.

The above story leaves me somewhat embarrased. There were three
members of my organisation who contributed to the authenticity of the lesident
The two Staff and

Although these facts do not entirely disredit 
their statements I do not feel By adding
it appears the observations of all three can be treated skeptically. These military
observers are of course the only people to whom I can ascribe traits of reliability.
However, it would appear that a part of any future investigation could appropriately 
contain a reliability investigation of all persons who offer evidence of unusual
sightings. I say this in spite of the fact that I agree with you that observers
should not be automatically subjected to ridicule.

In my own mind I have now totally discounted the entire incident as an 
unfortunate series of seemingly coincident circumstances. A light was observed 
by a ground observer who could very well have been from a light airocraft. This
statement was reported to  as a flying saucer." Mr.   then in-
terpreted a target on the scope as the object in question and send an interceptor 
after it. He constructed a scene which amy well have been the track of his own
interpretation of what  pursuit, I accordance with what was told him
was chasing a light and he picked up a heavy own in accordance with the venture
```