There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains text describing different types of balloons and the procedures for obtaining data on them.

Here is the text from the document:

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED

There are two different general categories of balloons: One is the research type balloons. These balloons vary in shape and size and are released from various points in the United States depending upon what projects are being conducted and are not launched at any scheduled time. They may be small like weather balloons, they may be clusters of these weather balloons, or they may be large polyethylene balloons that are 100+ in diameter. With the present emphasis on cosmic ray study many different types of balloons are being launched in the United States.

The other category is the regularly launched weather balloons. These are launched from known locations in the United States at definite times.

Project Blue Book gets data on the large research type balloons either through ADC or, if necessary, direct from the launching agency. Due to the nature of this problem, ATIC is familiar with most of the agencies in the country who are launching research balloons and can go directly to these people to get information on their balloon tracks. Since the launch sites are changed frequently, this requires constant liaison.

It is possible that now or in the near future your division or Force will get data on all launches of research type balloons. It is definitely worth a try to contact the division or Force. If they do not have the tracks, they may know of a launch program. Normally these large balloons travel great distances and it may be difficult to get data without going to Hq ADC.

On the regularly scheduled weather balloon launches, Blue Book has data on all launch sites and knows the approximate time of launch each day. We have the authority to directly to these stations to obtain data on their balloons or, if the time element is not critical, to go through Air Weather Service to get it from their central files. Fortunately, many of these balloons are tracked, either by radar or by radio DF and it is possible to get the exact tracks of the balloons.

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED