There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document from the 912th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, dated 2 July 1953, regarding a UFO sighting incident that occurred on 30 June 1953.

HEADQUARTERS 
912TH AIRCRAFT CONTROL AND WARNING SQUADRON
RCAFSTATION, ONTARIO, CANADA
2 JULY 1953

STATEMENT

I was in bed reading, the time was 2350 on Tuesday 30 June 1953 when the telephone rang. A night switchboard operator on the other end was on the line.  He said "Mr. Balder, there is one of those flying things up here." Through the window I could see 7 lighted objects which were flying in a line. Just the tops of them were visible. I got the impression it was going VERY fast. I looked in the general direction of the hill, and I looked around but I could see nothing. To my amazement I saw a glowing disc about the size of a dish pan with a band or bright fiery light shining the center. The object seemed to be moving away from me. The sight seemed to be hypnotic and I had to decide to pick up the phone. To my dismay the object was no longer visible. I believed Mr. Balder had also observed the object, and I wait for his call. After some minutes Mr. Balder appeared around his trailer barefoot and in his pajamas. The object had disappeared. I questioned what I had seen. I felt that the trailer to see if Smith was still on the phone. He was there waiting for me to call the orderly room. I told him what had happened and he was off the phone. He said that the radar was off the air. I called Mr. Balder to the phone and went back outside. I stood there looking at the point the object had disappeared. There was a faint glow in the area where the object had disappeared. At 2359 the glow got brighter and I saw the object rising very rapidly to the north disappearing into the clouds. This made me feel that the object was intelligently controlled and that whatever it was, it was very fast. My wife handed me my shoes and said that she thought I had better get dressed and go to the orderly room. As soon as I arrived I called operations and found out that the radar was still off. Since I could not get any official reaction why the radar had gone off, I decided to go to the hill. As I drove I watched the point where I had last seen the object. After a short while the object came back through the clouds. The cloud cover did not affect it in the least. When it reached the top of the hill, I looked at it through binoculars and could see that the object sighted was the moon. When it reached the top of the hill I lost sight of it as it came through a hole in the clouds. The sky had almost a complete overcast but the object seemed to move between the clouds very rapidly. The sight alarmed me and made me think that whatever it was must have been under intelligent control. I found out from Mr. Smith that the generator had gone down and he had gone down to see what he could do. It was at this time he sighted the object. He had gone to the believe room to get Smith to ask for my operations. I had stopped because operations had stopped because of this incident.