The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the output of the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system on the text in the document:

CASE #26
13 Feb 53
At 0235 in the morning of 13 Feb 53, a civilian visually observed 3 very bright lights traveling at a very high rate of speed over Fort Worth, Texas. These weather were circular in shape and clear and calm.
These unidentified objects were traveling from ESE toward the observer at a moderate rate of speed. (Cruising speed of a T-33.) The 3 lights had the same intensity as the rotating beacon at Carswell AFB. All 3 lights were of similar intensity, and white in color except the center light which was blinking green. These lights were observed for a period of 10-15 seconds until disappearing out of sight.
The lights were first observed approximately 500' apart and appeared stacked in vertical echelon. The light suddenly accelerated a distance of 1500' and came to a complete stop. In sequence the other 2 lights duplicated this maneuver. After assuming the original formation these lights repeated the same maneuver only ending up in horizontal echelon. The maneuvers appeared to take a distance of 2 miles and an altitude at or below 6,000'. After the 3 lights came to a stand-still in a third maneuver they were arranged in a vertical echelon; then with the center light acting as a pivot the 2 other lights maneuvered in a swinging motion resembling the motion of a kite's tail. The lights were next observed in a steep climb and attained an altitude of approximately 20,000' very rapidly.
A Radar technician then began to pick up blip on the tail radar of B-36 a/c. The lapse of time between visual and first radar sighting was estimated 2 minutes. The lights were observed at a maximum azimuth of 90 deg to the S, between 40-50 deg vertical angle, between 6-10,000 yards on readings. On a 2-3/4 multiplier, this distance would be approximately 16,000 yards.
Only two of the three original lights were observed on the radar. There was a considerable amount of "snow" but the closer blip was distinguished easily. A check for ground returns was made and none was received. An attempt was made to pick up these lights on 3 different radar sets of other a/c with negative results.