The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report document.

Transcribed text from the document:

At approximately 2131, 26 Feb 53, while on duty as a Senior Operator, this detachment received a report from the crew of a C-47 aircraft, AT-184 and the crew reported that while on a routine flight over the coastal area of Korea, they sighted an unidentified luminous object which appeared to be about 20,000 feet in altitude and traveling approximately 600 mph. The object was described as varying in color from yellowish-white to reddish-white. It was sighted for approximately 10-15 seconds. The crew immediately notified the 5th Air Force Operations Officer and also the commanding officer of this station and have our Commanding Officer make a report of same.

On the same date, Major Warol arrived at Operations immediately after our report to him. He stated that he had been contacted by the Control Center of the Fifth Air Force and that the Fifth Air Force had been contacted by the Tokyo Air Defense Command to investigate this incident. Major Warol asked our Commanding Officer for further details and took a bearing on the flight path of the object. We found it to be 230 degrees from our station and this checked with the information from the Fifth Air Force Control Center.

It was approximately fifteen (15) miles in distance and was observed to be traveling in a north-easterly direction. It was described as being approximately 60-80 feet in diameter and seemed to be glowing. It was observed for approximately 5 seconds and then started some procedure which appeared to be again. I also reported that our radar at this time was not in operation and that no identification had been made.

At approximately 2357, we received a report from the Japanese Coast Guard that there had been an incident in the area that we had reported concerning. The name of this vessel was Towa Maru. I informed the Operations Officer of this information.