The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book document that provides instructions and details regarding the collection of data and the use of questionnaires for visual sightings and radar observations of unidentified flying objects.

RESTRICTED
to give a description of the sighting and the sources. This includes the date, time, location, description of the object, its apparent course and the source's name and occupation. Any other details that will help clarify the sighting should be reported.
To aid the intelligence officer in collecting data for the written report, Blue Book has compiled lists of questions that pertain to nearly every sighting. These questions and have been arranged in the form of questionnaires. Two questionnaires, one for radar and one for visual sightings, have been completed and are now in use. Two others, one for sightings made from the air and one for general background data, are in the process of being developed. These questionnaires are designed to require a minimum amount of work on the part of the intelligence officer and will insure that all available data are included in the report.
The Ground Observers Data Sheet (presently called USAF Technical Information Sheet) is to be filled out by the observer. It can be handcarried or mailed.
The "Electronics Data Sheet" is to be filled out by the intelligence officer at the ACEW Squadron with the assistance of a technician, if he is not a technician.
The "Aerial Observer's Data Sheet", that will be published soon, is to be filled out by the pilot of the aircraft from which the observation was made. The forthcoming "Supporting Data Sheet" will be filled out by the intelligence officer making the report.
These questionnaires have been made up after a great deal of study. Approximately a year ago, ATIC arranged to have a group of scientists and professional people to design a questionnaire. These people studied all questionnaires that had been previously used in this project, they studied our file of sightings, and arrived at a tentative version of our present questionnaire. This tentative questionnaire was used for a period of approximately three months, the results

RESTRICTED