There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing only text.

RESTRICTED
SECURITY INFORMATION UNCLASSIFIED

Pruett, although he observed no objects, did hear a very loud noise above the clouds early one morning which he does not believe was aircraft. He asked the local radio station to help; his phone was kept busy for four hours. There is no question that the noise existed, but no one found anything.

Astronomer Y has made no sightings. He was so interested in speaking of his own troubles that it was impossible to bring the conversation around to scientific problems. His professional rating is only intermediate.

Astronomer X, with a high professional rating, has made no sightings and exhibits an extremely negative attitude toward the whole problem. He feels that all sightings except the green fireballs are merely misrepresentation of familiar objects, and he has no patience with the subject. He believes that the Air Force should have enough data to settle the question of the green fireballs, and therefore settle the question. La Paz, when questioned later, said he did have sufficient observations and the objects were sight to ten miles high. Astronomer R, who happened to be present when Astronomer X was "sounding off", again reiterated that it would be a good idea for some astronomer to take a responsible attitude toward this problem, and that we will get no place by merely pooh-poohing it.

Astronomer Y has made no sightings but has stated, "If I saw one, I wouldn't say anything about it". This statement led the conversation into the question of what conditions would have to be met before he would report it. The answer from him was the same as from several other astronomers, that if he saw a genuine unexplained flying object, he would report it, but he would stipulate certain conditions that would have to be met before he would consider it genuine.

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED
SECURITY INFORMATION