There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

UNCLASSIFIED
PAGE 1 OF 2 PAGES
 
Verbatim record of interview with Mr. Ray Dietrich, Harrisville, Michigan on 23 September 1952.

"I am a lumber operator now. Have by own mill and we build houses in Bay City. We have large pulpwood operations in Alcona and Iosco Counties in Michigan and we also operate a sawmill in Harrisville, Michigan.

On 23 September 1952 at about 8:30 pm while I was working late at the mill in Harrisville my wife came down and said she had been observing something in the sky for the past hour or so. I immediately shut down the mill and went outside with her. She showed me the object which looked to be about the size of a car and was silver in color. It was hovering at an estimated altitude of about 1,000 feet and was motionless. I watched it for about 11 minutes and saw it start to move slowly to the north. I ran and got my truck and followed it for a short distance, watching it through my windshield, but it got away from me, moving much faster than any aircraft I have ever seen. So on the second look, I could hardly keep it in sight it was moving so fast. I don't know if this is something new or a secret military aircraft, but I have never seen anything like it before in my life. When it first came into view, my wife yelled to me 'look at that thing in the sky' and I ran out and saw it hovering there. After a while, it started moving to the north and gained considerable speed. When it was up driving, you know when you see something way up in the sky, that's the way it was. I was literally out of this world, about 20 feet as far as I could tell - way up high. There was no sound at all that I could hear. I looked up and right in the sky there it was. I locked up and went to the house to call the State Police. They came out and looked but couldn't find anything."

Question - You were facing to the East?
Answer - Yes.
Question - And when you saw the object, it was directly in front of you?
Answer - No, it was southeast of the town of Harrisville, about the same direction as the mill, but a little south, I'd say. So that's where I saw it.
Question - And you said it seemed to be about the size of an automobile?
Answer - Yes, that's right. About the size of a car.
Question - And it was hovering?
Answer - Yes, it was hovering motionless at first, about 1,000 feet up.
Question - And what color was it?
Answer - It was silver in color. Shiny, metallic silver.
Question - And did it make any sound as you observed it?
Answer - No, I didn't hear any sound at all. It was absolutely silent.
Question - And how long did you observe it?
Answer - I'd say I watched it for about 11 minutes before it started moving off to the north.
Question - And which way did it go?
Answer - It went off to the north. I ran and got my truck and followed it for a little while, but it got away from me very quickly, moving much faster than any aircraft I've ever seen.
Question - Did you notice anything unusual about the object's motion or speed?
Answer - Well, the main thing was the speed. When it took off to the north, it gained a tremendous amount of speed in a very short time. I could hardly keep it in sight, it was moving so fast.
Question - Did you notice anything about the outline or shape of the object?
Answer - No, the main thing that stood out was the silver color and the fact that it was hovering motionless at first. The shape was hard to make out clearly.
Question - Did you get the impression of any structural details or protrusions?
Answer - No, I didn't notice anything like that. It just looked like a smooth, silvery object.
Question - Did you notice any exhaust or trail of any kind?
Answer - No, no exhaust or trail at all. It was just silently hovering and then took off at tremendous speed.
Question - Did you notice any lights on the object?
Answer - No, I didn't see any lights. It was just a silvery, metallic object.
Question - Did the object appear to rotate or change position in any way?
Answer - No, not that I noticed. It was just hovering motionless at first, and then took off to the north.
Question - Was the weather clear at the time?
Answer - Yes, the sky was clear. No clouds or anything.
Question - Did you report this sighting to anyone else besides the State Police?
Answer - No, I just called the State Police right away after I lost sight of it.
Question - Did you notice anything unusual about the time of the sighting, such as electrical or radio interference?
Answer - No, I didn't notice anything like that. Everything seemed normal, except for the object itself.
Question - Is there anything else you can add about your observations?
Answer - No, I think I've covered the main details. It was just a very strange and unexpected thing to see. I've never seen anything like it before or since.

UNCLASSIFIED
Declassified after 12 Years
DoD DIR 5200.10