There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report from 1953.

23 MARCH 1953

Dear Dr. Hynek:

We have been receiving your reports and evaluations on the 17-7-53 case, and we have been studying them very carefully. We have been evaluating the significance of this case in the light of what has been revealeed to us from other sources. This case appears to be one of the more puzzling that has been referred to us.

We estimate that about 23 or 24 persons, on 17 February, saw what appeared to be a cylindrical object with definite wings or stabilizing surfaces on each side of the body, and which gave off an intense glow, bright enough to read by, as it passed over the area in central Ohio. March reported can be substantiated to this extent.

As far as follow-up on the Valiant's sightings are concerned:

(1) Port Austin, 17 January - Continuation visual and radar - Have asked information on for evaluation. Definite airborne object visual and radar contact. Not identified by same object. The physical details and the visual at follow-up are recorded. The object involved gave our Indianapolis Data Sheet a good shaking and caused quite a discussion and speculation on the object's identity and destination. HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO MAKE a positive identification UP TO THE PRESENT DAY.

(2) The Skyraiders at Venice, California, on 27 February. Evidence - film. Current information indicates this film is consistent with a valid sighting and has beed analyzed for technical information. No identification as yet.

Concerning Dr. Hynek's proposed contract: we don't buy it either in its present form. I would like to confer with you and talk about this over-expanded contract. I feel we should rewrite it considerably, bringing it more in line with a reasonable approach to the problem. As a matter of fact, the tone of the contract is quite alarmist, and I think it gives the wrong impression. I believe we must continue to approach this problem realistically and avoid anything which would tend to create the impression that we are doing an all-out campaign to seek the involvment of the Intelligence Services (Army, Navy, Air Force). This would be a grave error and cause great complications to a matter which is not quite ready for that type of approach. I am sure you will agree with me on this.

I will telephone you in the very near future on this and other matters. Please feel free to call me at your convenience.

Sincerely yours,