There does not appear to be a photograph present in this document. The image provided appears to be a typed text document from a project blue book report.

Transcript of the text from the document:

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

DISTRIBUTION AGENCY REPORT NO.
Amarillo Air Force Base, Texas 1952-6979166

1. On 3 August 1953 at 12:45 hours, an object, which was first thought to be a large balloon, was reported to this office by personnel on duty at Amarillo AFT Terminal, Amarillo, Texas.

The object, which was first observed at an altitude estimated to be between 5,000 and 10,000 feet, was described as being disc-shaped and approximately 50 feet in diameter. It was observed to be hovering and then to move erratically at a high rate of speed. The object was observed to be reflecting the sun, giving off a momentary brilliant spark or flash, then darkening and appearing to be normal again. The object was observed for approximately seven seconds.

Two military observers, both having over 2,000 hours of flying time, watched the object closely and stated that it was not a balloon, aircraft, or anything they had previously encountered. They remained over the field approximately one second.

The object then proceeded south, both disappearing at a rapid rate in approximately four seconds.

As no time did the objects change in shape from an appearance of being cylindrical or cigar-shaped. They did not appear to slow up or to come to an abrupt stop. It is presumed that the speed of the object was so great that they passed out of sight in this short period of time. The sky was blue and there was nothing in the vicinity to which they could be compared.

It is estimated that the object observed could have been from 4,000 to 10,000 feet in altitude. The first object was observed to be at approximately 5,000 feet and the second object at approximately 10,000 feet. Both objects were identical in appearance and were observed for only approximately seven seconds. When the first object was first sighted, it had the appearance of being a brilliant red flash, which faded into the normal blue sky. The second object when first observed gave the same brilliant red flash and then faded into the normal blue sky.

COMMENTS OF PREPARING AND APPROVING OFFICERS:
1. The delay in forwarding this report was due to report being previously classified and the necessity of having it declassified.