The page contains no photographs. 

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
COPY

Oxnard, California

28 January 1953

To:	Commander, N.B.C., Point Mugu
From: 	
Subject:	Report of flight of unidentified object along coast line of N.B.C., 28 January 1953

At 1300 23 January 1953, the [REDACTED], boat, [REDACTED], was tied to its mooring buoy approximately 1,100 yards directly offshore from Fox A Loma for the purpose of observing R. D. launching after having recovered RP-2 from the surf at 1115, and delivered same to Frexel base at Hueneme.

At 1300 a R. B.F-3 was airborne, and two tenders and myself were following its flight. However, we lost sight of the R. D. in the distance and were settling for its return to the Fox A Loma. Since I had last seen the R. D. in the direction of Hunem, which is on compass bearing of approximately 200 degrees magnetic from our [REDACTED] buoy, I observed the approach of a jet airplane of the type which had been used as control plane on the preceding flight of a [REDACTED]. It seemed likely that this plane might have the [REDACTED] under control so I concentrated my attention on it as it approached Fox A from Hueneme.

When this plane was approximately at the western boundary of N.B.C., bounded by Arnold road, I sighted a white object which I mistook for the units of the R. D. L. wing. However, its approach was so rapid that it was instantly apparent it was not the R. D., but some unknown object.

I called to the two men in the boat with me and tried to point it out. One of the men, [REDACTED], saw it as a white streak, but since I had no chance to pick it up before it was overhead, I had sufficient time to make out its shape, color, flight and the fact that it seemed to have rather fuzzy or shimmering perimeter.

Since it: appeared above and from the stem of the jet plane, which I estimated was traveling at approximately 150 to 200 knots, there was an opportunity to judge its speed. Between the time the jet plane had traveled from Arnold Road to the beach absolute station east of Arnold Road, a matter of about three seconds, this object overtook the jet traveling on the same course and directly over the plane. The object did not alter speed or course, but continued on a straight line to the east toward Magu Rock and disappeared in the haze headed in the general direction of Santa Monica.

COPY
```