There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

OCR Text Output:

```
about 20 minutes ¢¢ and south of Rapid City but saw nothing. He re- turned to base and was about to land when he observed a light noxt- ves of the base. He started out on a heading of 350 degrees magnetic, the object was high (30 deg., 45 deg) at ill o'tlock from him. He checked the possibility of a reflection and determined that this was not the cause. He continued his course keeping the object at angle for a better view. After about 30 seconds, it disappeared then reappeared for another 30 seconds at the end of which it abruptly fled and was not seen again. The object was silver in color and varied in intensity. It appeared to "pull away" because it got smaller. The comment as to size was that it was "brighter than the brightest star I've ever seen".

The pilot who flew the second CAP was interviewed next. He stated that he took off und started to climb when GCI told him that CCC had a light. He was north of Ellsworth AFB on a heading of 360 degrees meg: netic when he sow a light 30-40 degrees to his bright ard level. He thought it was a star or planet but as he looked away it appeared to "jump" 15-20 degrees in elevation. (Note: Due to the speed of the air- craft and the fact that the pilot was intent on identifying the object, ¢ he was not exactly sure of his positions, All positions are subject to some errer.) The light seemed to be paralleling bis course. The first thing the pilot did wes to check for reflections in the cockpit (i.e., canbpy, gunsight light, etc.). He was sure the light was no reflection in the aircraft. The light, which the pilot ostimeted to be considerably brighter than a tas , changed intensity and changed in colors while he watched it. He started to climb and the light appeoved to climb also. This was because the angle of elevation increased. He climbed to 26,000 feet. All this tirme he had the radar blip of both the object and his own craft were being carried and the pilot was talking to the euhtroller on UHF. As the pilot turned into the light on his initial sightings, he turned on his rader gunsight. As he swung onto the toregt, the warning light rame on. No ranga was obtained since the sight starts to measure at about 4,000 yards. All this might indicate vas that somothing was beyond 4,000 yards. ‘The light remained on until the chase was broken off. After the chase, on the way home, the light blinked on and off several times indicating a possible malfunction. The sight was nog checked by maintenance on return and had not been checked since.

The F-84 chased the light for about five minutes, or to about 80 miles north of the base. The light appeared to make slow changes in color and intensity. The pilot stated that the light definitely moved in relation to the stars. After the intercept was broken off, the air- craft returned toward base.
About 20 miles out of base he got a visuel on a SAFU light that changed from red to white. He was on a heading of 180 degrees magnetic at 12-14,000 feet and the light wns 10 degrees low to his right. He thought it was a car going around eurves in the hills but changed his mind when the red and while lights wame of ewual intensity. The target was in the ground clutter of the rader but something at 8C00 feet was picked up on the heighe finder radar The light slowly went on then

21

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DEGLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED


종5-11155
```