The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which describes an incident that occurred on June 24, 1953 in Hampton Bays, Long Island, New York.

Transcribed text from the document:

Place of Occurrence:
June 24, 1953

Slow, silver object, 20-30 feet in diameter, with a glowing, intense center section and several glowing rays or arms extending from the center section. This object was observed hovering stationary for over an hour, during which time it discharged glowing balls of light. When it started to move, it moved with a slow, gliding motion. The object did not make any sound and there were no exhaust flames or smoke visible.

At the rear, there was a very small, rudder and horizontal elevator fin, attached to the rim, directed at 90 degrees to the main craft. With this connection to the cabin, this tail assembly was sufficiently large to continue moving this craft on its departure.

MOVEHENTS:
The craft slowly tilted itself to horizontal and stayed that way for several minutes. It was considered as I noticed the slow, tiling action out of the ship. It showed, and then the cabin turned slowly, about its axis, although the basic position or move in any direction. Then the cabin turned slowly, carrying the connecting stem and the first window forward, and a part of the second window.

During this entire time, there had been no sound other than the steady hum previously described. There was no breeze moving; and during the later sighting of the craft, it was trying to land, but lacked any landing equipment, decided against that and departed at a tremendous speed.

After many more seconds, the craft slowly tilted its stern upward and then moved rapidly with an increasing speed upward on an angle. I watched it diminish in size until it was out of sight, in about 4 seconds. It made no noise, whatsoever, like a jet, nor did it leave a trail. There was no visible motor, exhaust, or gas discharge of any kind that I could see.

I have heard many airline motors at close distances, and jet planes over our house frequently, but the sound of this craft was not a recognizable sound, or a jet type. The noise described was more like a hum, or a "Sing-Song" effect, that seemed to pulsate slightly.

Just before it sped away, a small object came out of the rear of the craft and descended slowly. This seemed to be a smaller craft dispatched from the larger one, which then returned and joined or was reabsorbed into the main craft as it sped away.