There is no photograph present on this page.

**OCR Output of Document:**

```
MEMORANDUM FOR THE FILE

UNCLASSIFIED

2d OSI Detachment (10)
Ernest Harmon Air Force Base
13 May 1953

2D49-0-7

SUBJECT: Unidentified Sightings at Sheave's Cove, Newfoundland

1. On 7 May 1953 Major JACK P. HUFF, Base intelligence Officer, WILLIAM N. O'NEILL, Detachment Commander, and informed
him that there had been reports of unidentified sightings during the period of March and April 1953 in the vicinity of Sheave's Cove, Nfld.

2. On 8 May 1953 the writer and S/A DEAN and Constable LARNEST CORRIGAN, MGP, Stephenville Detachment, Stephenville, Nfld., Interviewed XXXX XXXX, Canadian National, 20 years of age, Sheave's Cove, XXXX stated that xxx time in March 1953 he was walking along the XXXX road with his brother, XXXX. XXXX did not remember the exact time but stated it was shortly after dark. at this time he noticed the road directly behind him "lit up" and thought that it was a taxi cab behind him with bright head lights on. He then observed a light in the sky approximately three quarters to one mile away and approximately 50° to 55° in elevation from shoulder height. XXXX is approximately 5'6" in height. He stated he observed this light for for two seconds and that it was traveling from a southeast direction to the southward over St. Georges Bay. The Light appeared similar to a kero bulb with a tail on it. XXXX stated the tail appeared to him to be approximately three feet long and four inches wide and was the color of the flame of the kerosene lamp and sounded like an aircraft far away. Further questioning XXXX stated that for a radius of approximately 75 yards from the point he was standing on the road, the area was lighted up by this object in the sky. XXXX stated he last observed his light falling toward the bay in a downward arc and when last seen by him it was approximately 100° elevation from shoulder height. further XXXX the "bulb" part of this object was circular and approximately 12 to 15 inches in diameter. XXXX also stated that on 14 April 1953 at approximately 1930 hours, he was sitting in his kitchen with his mother, XXXX. At this time, when they saw a light in the sky that was traveling in a southwesterly direction. XXXX stated that this light, which he viewed for approximately one to two seconds, also appeared like a light bulb in that it was approximately 18 inches in length and again was the color of the flame of a kerosene lamp. XXXX stated he did not observe any of the identical lights up from this object neither the object sounded like an aircraft far away. XXXX could not state at this the distance the object was from him. XXXX also stated that he noticed that it appeared to be falling toward St. Georges Bay and was traveling three times as fast as a falling star. XXXX stated that he had heard that residents of White House, Nfld, had observed unidentified lights in the sky. XXXX could offer no other identifying data regarding these people.
 
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
<ILLEGIBLE>
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

Incl. #1

UNCLASSIFIED
```