The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph included on this particular page.

Now, as an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AF FORM 112—PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
R-Q-55 
I was returning from X-22, a routine mission, at an altitude of 30,000 feet on a heading of 152 
approximately 20:55Z. Ever as I crossed over a certain point, I sighted an unidentified flying object, which at first appeared to be a star, but soon developed into a luminous object with a semi-solid appearance and about the size of a golf ball held at arm's length. This object was traveling at a tremendous speed, far exceeding the speed of any jet aircraft. I had it in sight for approximately 20 to 25 seconds. During this time the object was flying at or about my speed. It crossed my track to about 10 o'clock and then disappeared as if by blinking out. At no time during observation was there any definite outline or shape, as the glow seemed to come from within. The color was a very bright white with a bluish tinge.
This slow was about 1/8 degree in diameter and was about as bright as the nose of a B-36 at 30,000 to 35,000 feet. I was unable to establish contact with the object, as through the radar was operating, it could not be tracked. I felt reasonably sure it was not a meteor, since it was traveling at a constant speed and on a level course. Also, it differed in color and intensity from a meteor. Though I checked the change, I could not establish any parallax. It appears to have been possibly the aftereffect of an F-94, though I checked the change, I could not establish any parallax. It appears to have been possibly the aftereffect of an F-94, though it lacked the characteristic "puffer" or trail. Also, the performance of this object was far in excess of the capabilities of any known jet aircraft or guided missile. I was having trouble with getting one of my tip tanks to feed properly, and I wondered if this could have had any effect on some of my instruments. Otherwise, I am unable to establish the identity of the object.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
UNCLASSIFIED 
DOD DIR 5200.10