The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with text discussing the creation of a scientific panel to investigate recent UFO sightings.

Restricted 
Security information

-19-
entirely competent men. Therefore, it is proposed that some reputable group 
of scientists be asked to examine recent sightings which have already gone 
through one or two screenings. If this group becomes convinced that the data 
are worthy of being treated as a scientific problem, that is, that the sightings 
are valid and that unexplained phenomena really do exist, then they should be 
asked to vouch that these data are "worthy of being admitted into court".
Armed with this scientific opinion, various scientific societies should be 
approached. The American Physical Society, the American Astronomical Society, 
and the Optical Society of America are particularly to be approached. These societies
should be asked, in view of the validity of the data, to appoint one or more 
members to constitute a panel to advise ATIC and perhaps to direct the neces-
sary researches into the phenomena. This would serve not only to work toward
an ultimate solution of the problem, but in the meantime would lend dignity
to the project.  

In short, either the phenomena which have been observed are worthy
of scientific attention or they are not. If they are, then the entire problem 
should be treated scientifically and without fanfare. It is presumed that the
scientific panel would work with the full knowledge and cooperation of the
general contractor, but would not be bound by secrecy, which would tend to
hamper their work. It is possible that this panel might be a panel in the RDB, 
similar to those in geodesy, infrared, or even cryptographic research.
In the meantime, it is recommended that the Air Force approach the
Joint Chiefs of Staff for endorsement of a considered statement of philosophy
and policy for presentation to the public press. There is much confusion in

Unclassified