There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

CALIFORNIA DIVISION
WESTERN AERIAL OBSERVATION

December 18, 1953

To: Air Force Investigating Group on Flying Saucers

On Wednesday, December 16th, 1953, my wife and I went out to our back yard in the San Fernando Valley, California, and saw what appeared to be a round, metallic object north of Ventura Blvd. We arrived there at about sundown, which is close to 5:19 P.M. P.S.T. We went immediately to our ranch house, which is located on a hill facing southwest.

At approximately 5 o'clock (while it was still daylight), I was looking out of the window when I noticed something in the sky. It appeared to be a black saucer-like object, which was hovering and seemed to be oscillating slightly back and forth. It was not going down or up, just seemed to be stationary. The whole object was very clear and distinct, and was colored a dark gun-metal grey.

As I continued to watch, the object did not seem to change its position or altitude to any great degree. After watching it for several minutes, I called my wife to come and look. She confirmed that she could also see the object, and she said that it appeared to be a "saucer-like" object. After watching it for about three minutes, I do not know how long it was there.

When it did not move or change, I asked my wife to get me our night glasses, binoculars. I wanted to get a better look at the object, which by now I had recognized as the so-called "saucer". As soon as I focused the glasses on the object, it suddenly accelerated at a tremendous speed, and was gone. There was no trail or vapor or any other sign that it had been there. It was just there one second and gone the next. There was no sound whatsoever. The object appeared to be about the size of a fifty-cent piece held at arm's length. The color was a dark gun-metal grey. Its outline was very distinct and sharply defined.

In 60 seconds from the time it started to move, the object had completely disappeared. It had achieved a fantastically high rate of speed, much higher than any aircraft I have ever seen. I would estimate the speed to be several thousand miles per hour. There was no acceleration visible, it was just a sudden burst of speed and it was gone. The object was heading in a generally northerly direction when it disappeared.

On the morning of December 17th, I reported to work, having been impressed by the sighting and wanted to advise my supervisor, Mr. [REDACTED], that I had seen an unidentified flying object.