The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing various questions and sections for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One): a. Head of a pin, b. Nickel, c. Dime, d. Quarter, e. Half dollar, f. Silver dollar, g. Baseball, h. Grapefruit, i. Basketball, j. Other.
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22: a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Uncertain.
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it resemble? What color or colors would it have had, and what other details would you provide? Please make your description as complete as possible.

OCR Output:
20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. eae Slok canes, Ss eepenaannaen te Ene eeeeeepaaennemnenes
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. yAecty a ata a aaa neem
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One): a. Head of a pin, b. Nickel, c. Dime, d. Quarter, e. Half dollar, f. Silver dollar, g. Baseball, h. Grapefruit, i. Basketball, j. Other.
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22: a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Uncertain.
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? aon eet 1 
24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it resemble? What color or colors would it have had, and what other details would you provide? Please make your description as complete as possible. Avocaat al cere a mien a aer nnn nneennnnnnneennemannnnnrnnnnnnnnnnesneesnnereeomasnsnnnnnenns