The document contains no photographs.

Below is the extracted text from the document:

```
AF FORM 11.2-PART Il
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

(Arr CLASSIFICATION) UNCLASSIFIED- 
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

(PROM (Unitner)) 
710th AC&W Sqdn, EAFB, Rapid City.

PAGE 2 OF 2 PAGES

On 15 September 1953, at approximately 1945 hours MST, Miss also of Black
at Black Hawk, South Dakota was attending a 4-H meeting when she glanced into the sky and saw a red glow which seemed to be travelling approximately 150 to 200 mph,
The children at the meeting also saw the object but Miss states that their
ages range from nine to fifteen years and it would be almost impossible to get a complete and accurate report of the object from them. The object was seen for approximately thirty minutes and then disappeared behind a hill.

At the same time, Mr. & Mrs. Black also noticed the
object and reported the same as Miss to this organization.

At 2330 hours MST, Mr. & Mrs. again saw the object which appeared over the movie screen at the Drive In Theater. They stated that the object seemed to be travelling closer to the screen and then suddenly turned to a brilliant white such as an automobile headlight and then disappeared behind a hill to the north.

The sky at these times was clear of clouds and there were many stars. The moon was in the west at the time and was giving off a very dull glow

Mr. & Mrs. stated that they watched the object for approximately twenty minutes before it disappeared.

This object seemed to be appear to stand still at times and also to flicker such as a star would do. Mr. & Mrs. also stated that the object turned 
to a yellow glow but for a few seconds and then changed to the brilliant white.

Comments of Preparing Officers:

All three civilians reporting this object have been involved before in
filing object reports. it is the personal opinion of the undersigned that if the objects matched the descriptions as reported, they would have been seen and reported by many more people.

a&hte 
ATILA L LE CROIX 
Captain, USAF 
Operations Officer. 

DOWNGRADED ATA Y.SAR INTERVAL oc
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS, 
BYOd DIR 5200,10 

UNCLASSIFIED
232313
```