There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) dated December 6th, 1953.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to provide the details of the case and to amplify any information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further information that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: December 6th, 1953

I do not recall the day of the month this observation was made, but it was the day before I reported it to your office by letter. My first observation was as this country's best known series of Manitowoc. I was calling on Farmers this day and had stopped and parked my car. I mentioned to an individual having a demonstration flight of some kind and a small flight instructor in meteorology I meet generally spend some time observing the 25V force being an instructor and unexplained while engaged in such observations. I see this object in the sky. it appeared to be a material due north and took a section I view as a section. it appeared about the size of a lead pencil eraser when viewed from the ground. The color was clear and distinctive but there was a slight dust haze at high altitude which obscured the object for a few seconds. I observed the object with my watch as it is the best timepiece I have the object was in view until 12:00 noon and then went about my work. At four fifteen in the afternoon I stopped where I had a clear view southward and observed the object again. It appeared the same as before and remained in view until 12:00 midnight. The fact that this object was still in the same position after four hours and a total of twelve hours convinced me that the star or balloon theory as upper air winds would have pulled it out other the reported balloons and the rotation of the earth would have changed the apparent position of a star. The fact that this object was still in the same position to the extent that I quit work for the day and immediately drove in to report it.