There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a document discussing instrument flight procedures and standard aircraft holding patterns.

INSTRUMENT FLIGHT
For flight subject to Instrument Flight Rules, the pilot and aircraft must be properly rated and equipped. Certain ground facilities must be installed with prescribed instruments and equipment. Consult Civil Air Regulations.
I.F.R. (I.F.R. - Instrument Flight Rules):
1. If I.F.R. flight is planned, the pilot must obtain clearance from the Control Tower or other agency, who will advise if I.F.R. flight is approved,  when to expect clearance, and the instrument departure procedure.
2. During flight, the pilot must report position, altitude and other information as required on the air traffic control agency frequency.
FLIGHT PLAN: Prior to departure for flight within, or flight into controlled airspace, a flight plan must be filed with Air Traffic Control and the pilot must have a clearance for departure and destination.
The holding of an instrument clearance indicates that the pilot is qualified and the aircraft equipped for I.F.R. flight, and further, that the pilot will conform to all provisions of the clearance.
REQUIREMENTS:
1. Aircraft identification, and, if necessary, radio call sign.
2. Type of aircraft, and the name of a formation flight. The type and number of aircraft involved.
3. Full name, address, and number of pilot certificate of pilot in command of the aircraft, or of the person filing the flight plan.
ALTITUDE REQUIREMENTS:
Aircraft flying I.F.R. must be flown at an altitude of not less than the minimum altitude specified for I.F.R. for that portion of the route on which the operation is conducted. This minimum altitude is determined by the operations director. It must be established so as to insure a minimum altimeter clearance of 1,000 feet under instrument conditions.
STANDARD AIRCRAFT HOLDING PATTERNS
The standard holding flight path is as follows: The aircraft is flown to the specified course inbound. It is then flown to the right and again follows the specified course inbound. Due to wind and other conditions, minor variations to the right and left of the standard 180 degree turn may be necessary. Holding patterns are utilized at some locations where holding may be required. Typical procedure on air lift (cup) marker.