The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document regarding "Cruising Altitudes" and "Visual Flight Plan" for aircraft operations. 

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

CRUISING ALTITUDES WITHIN CONTROL AREAS AND ZONES - During VFR conditions, aircraft at altitudes of 3000 feet or more above the surface of the earth shall conform to airways, including controlled airways, and must be flown at odd altitudes. Where a VOR or non-directional radio range is established, aircraft shall use the appropriate altitudes indicated on the appropriate sectional chart. Eastbound flights - Aircraft shall fly on even thousand-foot altitudes, such as 4000, 6000, or 8000 feet. Westbound flights - Aircraft shall fly at odd thousand-foot altitudes, such as 5000, 7000, or 9000 feet. Northbound flights - Aircraft shall fly at odd thousand-foot altitudes, such as 5000, 7000, or 9000 feet. Southbound flights - Aircraft shall fly at even thousand-foot altitudes, such as 4000, 6000, or 8000 feet. Where a color airway coincides with a VFR airway, the GCA orEVEN rule for the appropriate color airway will apply. Where no color airway is involved and an Even-numbered VOR airway coincides, the EVEN rule or EVEN-numbered VOR airway will apply. 

CRUISING ALTITUDES OUTSIDE CONTROL AREAS AND ZONES - When the flight visibility is less than 3 miles, aircraft must fly at altitudes appropriate to the magnetic course, as illustrated below.

VISUAL FLIGHT PLAN - The Civil Air Regulations do not require that a visual flight plan be filed except for certain flights. However, the filing of such a flight plan is sometimes advisable in search and rescue operations if such action becomes necessary. A flight plan may be submitted to the nearest CAA communications station and, if filed, should be activated upon departure and closed upon arrival. If filing the flight plan, the pilot should state the name of the CAA communications station with which he will file the flight arrival report. This must be clearly understood by all concerned. VFR flights plans are transmitted to the CAA communications system only if filed by the pilot. If information concerning a flight is desired, the nearest CAA communications station should be consulted.

Pilots desiring to make flight operations reports, should include in the report the following: "The flight plan shall contain the phrase INSTRUMENT FLIGHT RULES - except when a cruising altitude is provided, the term in lieu of an actual altitude indicates that the pilot intends to fly in accordance with Visual Flight Rules. Aircraft may climb or descend to and maintain the cruising altitude provided, unless a defined cloud or other formation prohibit."