The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a technical document or manual related to aircraft operations, specifically discussing "Cruising Altitudes" and "Visual Flight Plans".

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

CRUISING ALTITUDES
CRUISING ALTITUDES WITHIN CONTROL AREAS AND ZONES - Aircraft at or more than 3000 feet above the ground. 
Eastbound flights, Aircraft making good a true course of from 0° to, but not including, 180°, along a green or red 
Westbound flights. Aircraft making good a true course of from 180°, to, but not including, 360°, along a green or red 
Northbound flights. Aircraft making good a true course of from 270°, to, but not including, 360°, along an amber or blue civil
Southbound flights. Aircraft making good a true course of from 90°, to, but not including, 270°, along an amber or blue civil
CRUISING ALTITUDES OUTSIDE CONTROL AREAS AND ZONES - When the flight visibility is less than three miles, aircraft must be flown at an altitude appropriate to the magnetic course as illustrated below.

VISUAL FLIGHT PLANS
The Civil Air Regulations do not require that a Visual Flight Plan, as such, be submitted. However, the filing of such a flight plan is desirable, and in some cases is almost essential if the flight is to be conducted on an instrument basis. Flight plans may be submitted to the nearest CAA communications station in such cases where operational conditions are such that a flight plan is desirable. Flight plans may be filed by means of any communications channels available to the aircraft.
If filing the flight plan, the pilot should state the name of the CAA communications station with which he will close his flight plan. If the destination is not served by a CAA communications station, the method by which the arrival report will be filed must be clearly understood by all concerned. VFR flight plans are transmitted via CAA communication channels primarily for the purpose of flight following and rescue operations.
The flight plan shall contain the items listed under INSTRUMENT FLIGHT RULES - Flight Plan, except "Alternate Airports" and except that a Visual flight rule flight plan should always specify "VFR" as a cruising altitude. The use of this term is that of an explanatory note to indicate that the flight is being conducted in accordance with Visual Flight Rules. Aircraft may be flown in other than the altitudes specified in the flight plan, in accordance with VFR above a well defined cloud or to meet weather conditions, until an instrument clearance is received in accordance with VFR.
Pilots of aircraft operating on VFR flight plan who desire to make flight progress reports, should include in the report the phrase "ON FLIGHT PLAN" to indicate that a flight plan is in effect.