The image appears to contain a document or report, but it does not seem to include any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
A PROVIDED I JUNE 1958

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

DATE 25-53 ATLI OFFICE REPORT NO  2 - 6 PAGES

1. Description of Object: Three or four very br ight, fast moving, disc-like objects in diameter. These objects appeared to be transparent with a blue-green coloration. A skilled observer stated the objects moved at a fantastic speed and emitted no sound. The objects were observed to maneuver in a circular position before disappearing to the northwest in a flash. No sound, trail, or exhaust was observed.
2. Time of Sighting: Between 2050 and 2100 hours, 31 January 1953 for a duration of 5 to 7 seconds.
3. Manner of Observation: Visual from a personnel by two observers. 
4. Location of Observers: Hermosa and Talisay Points at the north entrance of Manila Bay, Philippines.
5. Identified Information: On source was Lt. Col. Gonzal, Chief, Operations Division, A-2 Section, FEAF, who reported that his command received a report from the Army Radar Station SCS-51 at Bataan, Philippines, of objects being tracked on the scope by Army personnel. The other source, a Filipino fisherman, reported at the same time and approximate location of the sighting, seeing three similar objects maneuvering in the sky.
6. Weather at Time of Sighting: Clear, no wind, calm sea and full moon.
7. Other Activity which Might Explain Sighting: None
8. Physical Evidence: None
9. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None
10. Air Traffic: None reported.

COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER:
1. The lack of performance points make the estimates of size and altitude unreliable. No information is available on any weather conditions other than the general statement that the weather was clear. There is no indication of any aircraft or other objects in the area at the time of the sighting, and no evidence of any interception or identification action taken.

CHARLES J. MARTIN
Capt. USAF
A-2 Officer