AERONAUTICAL CHART SUPPLY

To insure that the airman has the latest information available, U.S. World Aeronautical Charts are revised at six-month periods and the Alaskan World Aeronautical Charts are revised at twelve-month periods. The time of the next scheduled printing is shown on the face of the chart below the date of the aeronautical information.
Chart users are advised to check the list "Dates of Latest Prints" on display with authorized agents.

CIVIL CHART SUPPLY

Authorized agents for the sale of aeronautical charts have been appointed at certain airports and principal cities throughout the United States. The charts may also be obtained from the Director, U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, Washington 25, D.C.

MILITARY CHART SUPPLY
(Ref: AF Reg. 67-1)

1. Aeronautical charts, maps and publications distributed by the USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service are indexed or listed in the current edition of the USAF "Catalog of Aeronautical Charts and Related Publications."

2. Requisitioning.
a. Outside Continental United States:
(1) USAF activities are to submit requisitions thru the supply channels designated by the Theater Commander for maintenance and distribution of aeronautical charts and maps.
(2) Theater supply facilities are to submit requisitions for replacement of stocks of aeronautical charts and maps thru channels to USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service, Washington 25, D.C.
b. Within Continental United States: Requisitions from USAF activities within Continental United States are submitted to Commanding Officer, Aeronautical Chart Plant, Attn: Distribution Division, 2nd and Arsenal Sts., St. Louis 11, Mo. Except when operating from an Air Force, Wing, or Command Headquarters, requisitions are to bear the signature or approval by endorsement of the Base or Station Operations Officer. Quantities of charts and maps requested are to be such as to insure the maintenance of a 30-day supply at all times but not to exceed a 90-day supply.

3. Requirements for Special Purpose Maps and Charts.
a. Maps and charts for special purposes, specific missions, and also those maps and charts published by other government agencies, which are not listed in the principal types of aeronautical charts in the current edition of the USAF "Catalog of Aeronautical Charts and Related Publications," should be requisitioned from USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service, Washington 25, D.C. Charts will be furnished, if available, when sufficiently identified in requisitions as to number, scale, projection and publisher.
b. Information regarding cloth reproduction of certain selected aeronautical charts and maps may be obtained on request from USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service, Washington 25, D.C.

4. Obsolete Charts.
Aeronautical charts rendered obsolete for-air by a new edition, when not practicable to correct for conformity with the new edition, are to be salvaged if feasible, or else destroyed. Disposition by salvage or destruction is to be made in accordance with provisions of AFR 206-1. New editions of charts available are announced in the USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service Bulletin published semimonthly.

CORRECTION INSTRUCTIONS

1. The Coast and Geodetic Survey is making every effort to furnish the user with accurate charts. The user will materially assist in this effort by marking corrections of aeronautical information, drainage, relief and cultural features (roads, canals, power lines, etc.) on the face of the chart, on an overlay of the area, or under "Remarks" below. In reporting elevation corrections, state method used by observer in making the determination.
a. Mark correction on face of chart or under "Remarks" below.
b. Fold chart along regular fold lines, but with back out.
c. Make an extra fold along dotted line and staple at points so marked.
d. Fill in reverse address and iron the chart in any U.S. mail box. Postage is not required.

Remarks: