The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page discusses the launching of weather balloons and provides instructions on how to identify and report sightings of these balloons. The text is labeled as "RESTRICTED" and provides details about the schedule, launch locations, and characteristics of the weather balloons.

OCR Text Output:
RESTRICTED
These balloons are scheduled to be launched at 0300Z, 0600Z, 1500Z and 2100Z each day, but can be launched plus or minus 30 minutes of these times.
Nearly every airbase and civilian airport serving a scheduled airline releases some type of weather balloons, either the small pitfall that is tracked visually or the instrument-carrying type that is tracked by radio or radar.
Although these balloons can develop a slow leak and float for long distances, they normally will not get more than 30 miles from their release point. To be safe use a distance of 50 miles.
If you get a report of an object you believe to be a balloon, check with your weather officer. He will know what stations in your area launch balloons and from the general wind conditions at the time of the sighting tell you where the balloon probably came from. You can then get the plot of balloon tracks and definitely establish whether the object was a balloon. If there are several launch locations in your area, you may have to check them all. Many times a call to the unit launching the balloon will suffice as they can tell you the location of their balloon at a given time.
(Side of Weather Station)
Balloons do not give us any trouble when they look like balloons, it is when they don't look like balloons that they give us trouble and they can take on many odd appearances. In the daytime a balloon will appear to be a very bright star in the sky. What is happening is that the sun's rays are diffusing into the balloon and causing it to glow. Under ideal conditions a balloon can be seen as high as 90,000', but under more adverse conditions a balloon possibly cannot be seen over 10,000' to 6,000'. It depends a great deal on the haze.
During the daytime a balloon at very high altitude will appear to be stationary or traveling very slowly. At night balloons that are lighted will appear to be a radically moving light. This light may even appear to change color, due to.
RESTRICTED