There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a document titled "AERONAUTICAL CHART SUPPLY" which provides information about aeronautical charts, maps, and publications.

Extracted text:

AERONAUTICAL CHART SUPPLY
1. Aeronautical charts, maps and publications distributed by the USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service are listed in the current edition of the USAF Catalog of Aeronautical Charts and Related Publications.

2. Requisitioning:
a. Outside Continental United States: 
(1) USAF activities are to submit requisitions thru the supply channels designated by the theater or area commander.
(2) Theater supply facilities are to submit requisitions for replenishment of stocks of aeronautical charts and maps.

b. Within Continental United States: 
Requisitions from USAF activities within Continental United States, including Alaska and St. Lawrence Divide, are to bear the signature or approval (by endorsement) of the Base or Station Operations Officer. Quantities of charts and maps requested are to be such as to cover the maintenance of a 30-day supply as all times but not to exceed a 60-day supply.

3. Requirements for Special Purpose Maps and Charts:
a. Maps and charts for special purposes, including training missions, and also those maps and charts published by other government agencies, which are not listed in the principal USAF catalog of aeronautical charts, are to be obtained from the USAF Chart and Information Service, Washington 25, D.C.
b. Information regarding clock synchronization, corrections, etc. pertaining to aeronautical charts and maps may be obtained from the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, Department of Commerce, Washington 25, D.C.
4. Obsolete Charts:
Aeronautical charts rendered obsolete, due to a new edition, when not practicable to convert for use conformity with new edition, are to be salvaged if possible, or their disposition effected in accordance with provisions of AFR 78-8 Disposition of Charts.

OFFICIAL BUSINESS
PERMIT NO. 1924

PENALTY FOR PRIVATE USE TO AVOID PAYMENT OF POSTAGE, $300

TO:
Commanding Officer
USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service
Washington 25, D.C.