There are no photographs present in this document.

OCR output:
23 November 1953

Dear Capt. Harding:

We have been so busy with the Black Hawk, 8. Dakota case that I've only just now gotten down to looking over the large batch of accu- mulated reports. I must say that compared with Black Hawk, none of these approaches that incident in interest. There are a few interesting sight- ings, but on none of these is information sufficient to make a follow-up profitable.

Of the interesting ones, the very similar sightings of 24 July and 1 August at Key West would warrant follow-up if they were more recent. With present information I have no suggested explanation.

The 26 July Perrin AFB Texas also holds possible interest from the standpoint of maneuvers and the fact they were observed from the Control Tower and by civilians of Dennison, Texas.

It is too bad there is not more information on Creole, Ala. These cases cover four separate days. There is possibly pay dirt in these.

Finally, the Sidi Slimane sighting is definitely puzzling and will probably have to remain on the books as unexplained.

As for the remaining 30 or so, there is so little information con- cerning those which do not have obvious explanations that there is no per- centage whatever in considering them seriously.

Thus, out of the total number there are 4 independent acts which, if staff and time were available, would be interesting to pursue. Personally, I vote for sticking with the Black Hawk case until we have squeezed it dry. I feel certain that if this case can be explained, others would follow suit.

Concerning the Black Hawk case, we are proceeding slowly but surely with the investigation. Solid objects are certainly indicated by the evidence. Since the observations covered several hours and sightings were both visual and radar, it is important, in my estimation, that we continue to pursue this since failure to identity pinpoints a possible real weakness in our defense set-up, I hope to have a preliminary report on this case for you soon.

J. Allen Hynek
