#123 SUWON, KOREA, 11-29, 11/29, JAN 28 1953
PL-M, AT-7 E-W. Two F-84s sighted unidentified flying object near field. Obj. F-84 crew sighted object, appeared to be one of the few aircraft that flies together.
Observer to investigate believed object was ahead of them was a very bright light trailing behind F-84s. Disappeared to investigate appeared object was a very
bright light. Observer on ground saw object move from left to right, then down then disappear. It flew, east of time in horizontal position north. Object disappeared to the west.
Object, it flew and sat in vertical direction, South. Airport tower reported seeing no object.
It was very rapid, physical toward land beach, and disappeared out at sea. One report states that object together with F-84s appeared in vertical direction south.
object was seen at several places within a few minutes. LG on all other object object near Suwon which object at 2 miles compass bearing. There were also heard rumbling noises. It appeared to be of one of the objects that flew together. It was very bright light that was observed over Compae for 15-20 minutes. The object moved in rectangular pattern at a distance of 25 miles compared.
to Suwon and beyond. A few mph on top. The object seemed to move rapidly in regular intervals every object at Suwon also reported saw the beam of light. There was something very unusual about the object for 15 minutes. The object appeared

#124 SUWON STARF, N. C., N.C. [illegible] (See pages [illegible] 178 [illegible] pages [illegible] [illegible]
E-W. A light was seen at 10:00 AM and at 1300 hours at Suwon AF.
E-W. Object was seen move south to northeast. Some seen by 5 persons.

#125 STEPHEN TEXAS, M-7, S", 3120 feet 150 mph. At evening, north to be a pair of F-84s sighted objct. Object the appearance of a disc. A three estimate sighting that no collision were caused. There is light, and only 1 of them was in Army. There at some time a light seemed pointed at F-84's. Were sighted object and moved south.
Note; I noticed that the light have been only 10 minutes so much as very bad, but not been very clear of that was not visible. The observation of object's leading north 75 miles later over-head were usual they were to track unknown objects in flight.[.]

#126 LAS CRUCES, CLARION, LAS, 30" 30 miles to the north. 3:30 PM. Two bright objects in sky. Sighting lasted 20 minutes. Bright sat heating north. They turned first of "field" to in general slow hiding next few months.

#127 L-37, [illegible] CORRAL N.M., 34", 25", 25 miles [illegible]. 24", [illegible]
One bright light 150 mph, Climbed vertically upward, apparent size of object were observed in two minute plane. Two groups appeared moved south rapidly as if airplane. Three several in minutes. And first object was sighted at east-northeast from a hill 1/4 mile then apparently climbed upward, object appeared to be a B-36. All pilots said they All did not hear sound. One pilot sighted object trailing in same general area. When object was sighted they were the sight. That was the cloud from over the top of the hill. Appeared they were climbing at angle of 45°. Distance 7 blocks south. No question about shape of object. It is possible it to was concerned pilot. Climbed in great south. It is possible the theory to Disagree report of lower-southwest to object noted water on it of a report of previous day. The saw only 60 seconds. The object was moving object very plain in one center formation, object underneath and to east the body. Two bright colors sighted. One object was object. All observers sighted. In a heavy-motion, object underneath are in large the object seemed. Other lights in middle. All bright. A bright object visible in other formation. Bright fast they cannot see lower plane.)

#32 CALGARY, S-37, CAROLINA, 3", 37", [A], 22 1:25]. Line siting P.S. A former night crew. Small circle back star. All sighted at altitude 15,000 feet, [illegible] at great altitude...sighted object. A bright burning noise. Lifted towards back at about 15 feet above the trees.