There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR output:

                        (Atwell to Hynek,
                        1 January 1954)
that he was given from the ground station. Obviously the pilot would be
serious at the time, particularly since he was told that there was a ground
and a radar observation of the object. On reconsideration I believe he is
willing to admit that he was chasing a large star. Considering the reliability
of Mr the military witnesses at the radar site, the excitement of Mr ,
and the relatively poor description of subsequent sightings in the Rapid City
area, I feel that this incident can be discounted from consideration entirely.
The sightings in the Bismarck area cannot be judged by me but the power of
suggestion must be considered in these, particularly since a correlated story
of sightings was passed from Rapid City to the North Dakota Filter Center. I
can imagine the degree of credibility that could be lent to the story in the minds
of Filter Center personnel when I realize that the statements in the official
report from Rapid City were sufficient incentive for you and the people of ATIC
to conduct an extensive investigation. Essentially this same information, possibly
embellished. was passed to North Dakota that same night and, in other
words, the people there "could not consider the incident in the cool light of
morning."
My interpretation of the incident relegates me to the ranks of
skeptics and certainly does not permit scientific conclusions as such. I do
wonder if perhaps many of the twenty percent of unresolved cases might not
respond to a psychiatric rather than a scientific approach. The percentage
of unsolved cases might be reduced at least somewhat.
I have taken the liberty of inclosing an article which labels me as a
devotee of Mr. Pearson amongst others. I passed it along in case you missed it,
particularly since the tone was inaccurate. The article was in the evening; paper
and it was most timely to me.
Trusting that you had a pleasant and rapid trip home and that I may be
of service to you again, I am,

                        Yours truly,
/s/ Allen L. Atwell
         Major, USAF