There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report.

Transcription of the text:

October 21, 1953

Report to: Air Intelligence Service Squadron, Flight 2A

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT

The sighting described below took place during the theodolite tracking of a 79 ft. balloon floating at approximately 50,000 ft. on Project #5321.
Grab Bag: Observation was made from the 2003 East Hennepin Avenue.

The time was between 1010 and 1015 CST on 15 Oct. 53. No sound was detected at any time during the observation.

The object was first observed as it passed below the sun at an elevation of approximately 25° heading southward in horizontal flight. It was detectable by a sudden increase in speed from 5-10 miles per hour to an estimated 1000 miles per hour. It did not persist, or form a cloud. The object itself was highly visible even through the theodolite, which was actually part of the sighting.

During the horizontal part of its trajectory, the object moved across the sky at a rate of 10 degrees in 9 seconds. With an estimated altitude of 40,000 ft., this represents a rate of 75 miles per minute or 900 miles per hour.

After about 10 seconds of horizontal flight, the object appeared to go into a vertical dive. The possibility that the appearance of a dive was produced by the object merely speeding into the distance seems unlikely since the speed was normal to the line of sight was undetermined in the dive. The dive was completed in less than 10 seconds, and if the object attained the 1000 mph rate achieved earlier, it would have taken the object less than 2 seconds to reach the ground. Just at this time the vapor trail ceased, and after about 2 to 3 seconds, the object, its outline still unrecognizable, was seen through the theodolite, not as a glare (as expected) but as a dark spot of considerable size, about the size of a B-29 (75 ft. wing span).

The observers believe that the object was most likely a jet aircraft, but several features were unusual.

1. The speed was higher than normally observed.
2. The unusual dive was highly dangerous if not suicidal maneuver.
3. A jet aircraft in such a dive would be heard for miles, and would certainly cause a noticeable shock wave detectable in the area beneath it.

It was thought that the Air Defense Command would be interested in what was seen, if:
a. They had no aircraft in the vicinity which could account for it, or if
b. They had an aircraft incident which might be partly explained by this report.