The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, likely dated January 6, 1953, describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object in the Dallas, Texas area.

The text in the document is as follows:

6 January 1953
Ca 6 Jan 53 between the hours of 0352 and 1332 various reports were received on visual observations of an object in the vicinity of Dallas, Texas. The object was observed from two Air Force bases, one at Duncanville, Texas, and the other at Perrin, Texas.
The object was described as being white, round, and approximately 30 to 50 feet in diameter. The nose section was brilliant white, tail section was fuzzy and changed color from reddish to red to blue. The tail section was not as bright as the nose. The wing tips were said to glow a faintly green and the main body seemed to glow a pale blue color. No sound was reported.
The object was observed to move at a very high speed and the direction of travel appeared to vary. In one instance it hovered, made a slight curve than went practically straight up. On another occasion, it was reported to move a straight and level flight.
The method of observation was visual and the location was 50 miles north of Dallas. The Intelligence officer at Perrin Field, Grand Prairie, Texas, reported there was no evidence which could have caused the sighting. Interception or identification action was taken all visual in nature. Municipal Air Port reported radar contact with object in the vicinity, reported to find and give chase to object for over 600 mph. The location of air traffic in the area: a DC-3 on watch with GCA at Love Field, Dallas, between the hours of 0352 and 1332 did not observe anything unusual.
There is a report received from Duncanville, Texas, 6 Jan 53 between the hours of 0352 and 1332 on an unidentified light seen in the sky northeast of Dallas. The intensity of the light varied and the object appeared to give the impression it was attempting to remain stationary while another object would give the impression of landing or the object as such while another would give the heading in a different direction. The altitude for the object also varied in the many reports. Once the area became aware of the existence of the object, additional reports would give the location in a different area.