The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

RESTRICTED
UNCLASSIFIED
This leaves a balance of 20.4% of the reports which are classified as unknown. While this points a definition of the unknown", as in order to classify something as unknown there is more than one source or observer. Again, this does not mean that just because a person is alone, sees something he cannot explain to himself and reports it, his account of what he saw is laughed off. Normally one person just cannot supply the necessary data. For this reason, we dwell more on reports where the data can be substantiated by others. To go a step further, in a report we classify as unknown there can be no doubt as to the reliability of the persons making the observation. If the report contains a relatively good amount of data, it is then checked against the location of known objects, phenomena, etc. If none of these explain the sighting, it is classed as unknown. It might well be that if we had more data on the sighting, it could easily be explained. (Slide Conclusions of Unknown)

As you will note on this slide we have plotted all of our reports we classify as "unknown". They tend to concentrate around Albuquerque, Washington, D. C., San Francisco, and San Antonio, with Albuquerque presenting the greatest area of concentration. It may be that the people there are more aware of the vital nature of their industry and are more alert to report things they see in the air.

Why Continue The Project?

The question now arises, "If most of these reports can be explained, why continue the project?" I might state now that the project will be continued and the subject will continue to be treated seriously. There are several reasons why the project will be continued:

a- There are reports we cannot explain. We believe we can explain all but about 20% but if you noted the breakdown of conclusions, we only can positively identify about 7%. With the world situation what it is and with the present advance in science, it behooves the Air Force to have a system whereby

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED