There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing text.

Output of the OCR text in the document:

(USE MAGNETIC SIDE OF SHEET IF ONLY SPACE IS REQUIRED)

5. Has anomalous propagation been observed to extend the range of ground clutter by this radar at this site, and did this condition exist during or near the time that unidentified targets were observed? 
No, the amount of clutter. No other unknown aircraft were in the area.

6. Were reports of rain, clouds and lightning have been observed on this radar? 
Unusual loops weather, Northern Lights were clearly visible during this period. An changes made to determine if unknown target could have been one of our own aircraft? 
No changes

8. Was any interception attempted? If so, give details.
No

9. Was a visual and/or auditory observation made simultaneously with scope observation? If so, give detailed description.
No

III. SPECIFIC TARGET QUESTIONS

1. Did any technical personnel analyze the targets on the Radar Scopes? Have they been questioned thoroughly? What was their opinion?
Yes, all personnel but unidentified opinion.

2. Was a permanent record "track" made of the target positions as they appeared on the indicators if so, attach to this report (PNIC on back of page 1).
Yes, see attached report on back or page one, (1).

3. At what range, azimuth, altitude, and time was the target observed? 
Negative altitude was recorded, could not train height finder on track long enough to obtain.

4. How did the target appear in size and shape as compared with conventional aircraft targets? 
Same as normal target.

5. Was the target of consistent size, or did it change rapidly? 
Consistent

6. Was the speed of the target constant or variable? Explain.
Constant

7. Did the target appear "fuzzy" or clear and sharp as compared with a known aircraft target?
Sharp, very defined.

8. What other (aircraft) targets were observed in the same general areas, altitude, and time as that of the unknown targets?
Track no. X-12-T ident. VC 1459 Alt. 9,000 ft. Time 0112z. position 55 3537.
Track no. A-56-T ident. 7A 52 2 Alt. 17,000 ft. Time 0114z. position 52 9591.

ADC Form 123
20 October 1952
Page 2 of 3