There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

report can be made in letter form. This reporting requirement in AFI 200-5 does not mean that the officer receiving the report from the source or the observer does not have to be responsive to make his own evaluation and determine whether or not the observation is worth forwarding. He may do this in two ways. He may be able to identify the object, if he does, it is no longer an unidentified flying object, and, therefore, does not have to be forwarded. Secondly, he may evaluate the report according to source and content and determine that it would be of no value as far as analysis is concerned. If he reaches this last point, then the report may be of doubtful character or it may be obvious that the source did not make careful observations. In general, a report from only one inexperienced observer is not too helpful. This is not because we doubt the observer's word as to what he saw; it is because most people have difficulty estimating time, angles, relative size, etc. If several people make an observation their estimates can be averaged and the results are a little more accurate. It is a good idea, however, to at least note the name and address or telephone number of such sources since it might be that their observation would tie in with others and it would be necessary to contact them again.
Project Operations
When we receive a report, the first thing that we check it for is the possibility of its being a balloon, aircraft or astronomical body because these three objects give us the most trouble. To go into each of them a little more specifically, we will start with balloons.
Balloons: There are two different general categories of balloons. One is the research type balloon. These balloons vary in shape and size and are released from various points in the United States depending upon what projects are being conducted and are not launched at any scheduled time. They may be small like weather balloons,