There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY
EMERSON MCMILL IN OBSERVATORY
COLUMBUS 16

21 July 1953

1st Lt. Robert Olason
ATOP - Wright -Patterson AFB

Dear Lt.:

This is quite a patch coming back at you. I think the idea of having an readiness study is a good idea to have in connection with our sightings cases.

As regards sending out the liberty of sending out Form ARO will in an attempt case starting information that the sighting has been reviewed. We now have up to date the information to the Director on these questions.

As is seeing you in the near future, I hope to get the mailing for the Astronomical data for which I wrote several weeks ago forwarded to me. Did you know I am helping the project here will be closed? I'm afraid during September, but I will attack these matters during August, and hopefully we can find something that will be productive on in the future.

The 21 June case appears to be the only two possible sightings in this last batch. The Okinawa case may yet prove to be a balloon, though the evidence on it is not too clear at this time. And as regards Condon's case on the 27th, this is just one of those unfortunate situations of the sightings being too late and too close to the horizon to enable us to make any definitive determinations. No point in worrying too much about these follow-ups there is no point in having follow-ups on blank fields.

The Okinawa ARO also needs follow-up with special attention to the 3 questions on our Form ARO.

Now as to the others: we pass by with a smile the little wrong-way man. We know the world's full with eccentrics, and as long as they don't get too scientific, well that's fine. Those balloon flights are always most interesting of the tinker types. And on the july 6th case, I don't think much of the observers.

We have some reference to "VVS" but we don't know to what they refer. They would probably be important only if they were to our phenomena case.

Please give our regards to Lt. and indoctrinate him fully into the system we have developed. Any comments they either pass on to us or have on this method of handling sightings would of course be appreciated. 

Cordially,
A.D.