The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

I have an object which I would estimate between 25,000 and 30,000 feet
high and clearly visible to me. This object appeared to be hovering
motionless above the area for about 10-15 minutes. There was no trail or
exhaust, and no sound was apparent. All the time I was watching it,
they seemed to be stationary, moving neither to the right or to the
left, nor to the fore or aft. I was watching this with the naked eye.

The time was 19:15 and it lasted for approximately (30) minutes.
I visually observed the object through the binoculars and also viewed it
directly with the naked eye from the control tower. He went on to tell
me that I could observe this object from the water tower. It was
distinctly over my head and appeared to be stationary. It did not
appear to be flashing or traveling at a high rate of speed.

I have been working in the control tower for two (2) years.
The sky was clear behind the object. There were scattered clouds, but
the object appeared to be above these clouds. The size was about the
same as the full moon, and it appeared round in shape. It hovered
motionlessly for about a half hour, and they told us that is about the
time they watched. I spotted the object at 19,000 feet. It appeared to
be about the size of a basketball at arm's length. I walked out on the
field and spotted it directly over the field and looked at it for a few
minutes. I watched the object and noticed it was not flashing any lights
and made no sound. I conclude that this was not an aircraft, jet, or
helicopter, as we would have been able to hear the noise. I watched the
object through the binoculars and it appeared to be metallic and
somewhat lens-shaped. It was just sitting there motionlessly, not going
up, down, or sideways. It disappeared from view and I turned to the
observer and asked what he thought, and they said they did not know what
it was. I then called my sergeant and turned in this report that I filled
out to the cryptic matter.

UNCLASSIFIED