The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FLYING SAUCET (The Field, Conway, S. C., 5 February 1953)
Investigator advised that two men, Henry Anderson and William Dillon, citizens of Cad.ton, North Carolina,
have definitely sighted unusual lights which they believe were flying saucers on the night of 5 February 1953.
Two cases owned by Henry Anderson died of poisoning less than a mile from the direction from which the lights came.
The dogs were outside at the time, and the animates died shortly after the lights were sighted and moved on. Other
dogs near by were not affected. 
And the intricate nature of how they have diet in the same direction. Some precaution
should be taken to try to determine the cause of this strange happening.

THE FIELD, Conway, S. C., Thursday, February 19, 1953
"BOTH DOGS C.A.A. TAKE HIS LIFE"

That C. A. had just returned from seeing and talking with some of the only witnesses in the world to
what a strange and unexplained thing, for this man apparently committed suicide on January 29, because he was
distraught over some of the things he had seen and could not understand. 
As ye this is only a report, we are still investigating.
I fly may 6, 1953, death, 29th, after "I have not seen anything to warrant his death, and I'm very much in the dark
as to the whole matter.' This was the remark of a prominent physician in the area, whose statement gives us a
clue that there was perhaps a possible premature to the death of C. A.
The details are still sketchy, but it is known that C. A. was employed as an air traffic controller a Myrtle Beach
airport, and that some unusual activities and objects had been observed in the sky which he had cause to report
to his superiors. This, coupled wit h the strange deaths of the two dogs, seem to indicate that C. A. may have
known something about these unidentified objects that led to his death under somewhat unexplained circumstances.
Both incidents have been carefully investigated, and it is believed that the 11.5. possibility on the scale of his
past experience with the war and I was trained this way indicate a possible clue to the real reason behind his
death.
Further investigation is continuing in an effort to determine if there is any connection between the strange dog
deaths and the death of C. A. This report is classified as UNCLASSIFIED.