The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

754th ACAW Squadron, Port Austin
Michigan

1. At 2204 EST, 17 February 1953, an unidentified object was sighted visually by a Port Austin Resident. The object changed color from red to pink to pale white to white and back to red again. The object appeared to be larger and brighter than a star. The object appeared to moving south at a very slow rate of speed. The object was observed for approximately 7 minutes.

2. The object was first detected on the search radar equipment. The target was detected at a distance of approximately 15 miles. It did not have any unusual characteristics on radar, except the speed, which was slow for an aircraft.

3. Object observed visually from ground and electronically by Search Radar. Type of radar was upper beam (1237 megacycles) of AN/FPS-3.

4. [REDACTED] of 754th ACAW Squadron, Port Austin, Michigan; longitude 83 degrees west, latitude 44 degrees 02 minutes 22 seconds north; elevation 675 feet MSL. Position of object at same position.

5. Observers of object were Lt Harold S Eagel and A 1C John T Mandingo considered reliable and experienced. 2nd Lt Eagel has approximately 7 years combat experience flying radar maintenance personnel found equipment hilly operational with no evidence of any type of interference present.

6. Weather and wind conditions at time target was sighted and visible were: Visibility excellent, Winds northeast with moderate winds from west.

7. No known meteorological or other disturbances or activity existed at that time or in the vicinity during 17 February 1953.

8. No physical evidence was available. Radar scope camera was inoperative at that time.

9. ADDC was notified, surrounding stations were contacted, and flight plan sources were checked, but no identification was available. No interception was attempted.

10. No other aircraft were known to be in general area or object throughout the period it was observed by personnel of this organization.