21st Dist CSI (D)
Subj: Unusual Aerial Objects, etc.

[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED—25 Feb 53]
[stamp: COPY]

18 [illegible] 1953

direction, turned north towards Camp and then reversed the n reversed themselves
and proceed out of sight toward the south, traveling at a tremendous
rate of speed". Camp stated that the period over which he observed the
objects were approximately five (5) minutes. Camp stated that he heard no
sounds emitted by the objects during the time he observed them.

4. On 11 Feb 53 Jessie E. Kent, Civilian Guard, Richmond,
Quartermaster Depot, was interviewed and stated that at approximately
0815 hours, 10 Feb 53, he was at the dam located approximately
two (2) miles northeast of the Richmond Quartermaster Depot. While
standing on the dam Kent observed two (2) yellowish colored flat
circular objects over the water at an altitude of approximately 150
feet. The objects emitted no sound and were hovering over the water
moving around and about each other. Kent stated that he thought that
they were going to land in the water. After approximately two (2)
minutes the objects went straight up into the air and disappeared from
sight moving vertically at an extremely rapid rate of speed. Kent
stated that the objects were clearly visible to him; that they were
approximately 20-25 feet in diameter and that there were no openings
visible on the objects.

5. On 11 Feb 53 Harry L. Derr, Civilian Guard, Richmond
Quartermaster Depot, was interviewed and stated that at approximately
0815 hours 10 Feb 53, while at the main gate of the Richmond
Quartermaster Depot, he observed two(2) objects or lights approaching
him from the northeast at a distance of 1½ miles, at an altitude
of approximately one thousand (1000) feet and approximately two hundred
(200) feet apart. The objects passed over the jib feature approximately
five hundred(500) feet south of the main gate. At this point, the
objects passed out of Derr's line of vision. Derr stated that he has
spent considerable time in the vicinity of airports and that he is certain
that these lights were not navigation lights, landing lights or any other
type of light that he has observed on conventional aircraft. Derr stated
that the objects or lights were circular in shape, yellowish in color and
that the objects did not emit a beam of light. Derr stated that from
his vantage point, the lights appeared approximately 18 inches in diameter.

6. On 12 Feb 53, Carlisle E.Fields, Civilian Guard, Richmond Quarter-
master Depot, was interviewed and stated that at approximately 0800 hours,
10 Feb 53, he was at the main gate of the Richmond Quartermaster Depot when
he observed two (2) objects coming toward him from the north at an altitude
of approximately 150 feet. The objects appeared to be circular in shape,
approximately 36 inches in diameter and were colored orange in the center with
purplish blue areas. The objects passed over Fields' head and proceeded south
to approximately

UNCLASSIFIED
- 2 -

[number: 4/2030]