The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document states the following:

While performing the duties of an Aircraft Landing Control Technician, in the operations of ground control approach (GCA) on the 23rd of January 1953 at Bergstrom Air Force Base, Austin, Texas, the following circumstances:

The pilot, while flying at approximately 15,000 ft while utilizing the thirty mile range of the ILS Position Indicator in an attempt to locate a flight of thirty-three airplanes returning to Bergstrom AFB and performing a controlled approach on arrival, 1st/Lt Kelley observed a rear return or unusual reading on the ground control radar scope. Upon moving in a southerly direction to an approach bearing of 275 degrees, an extremely rapid rate of speed as indicated by the return was noted. The return was diametrically opposite to and intermittently visible during the time frame of 22:55 to 23:10 hours, at which time the return stopped abruptly, hesitated briefly, then resumed its normal flight path, and again remained stationary. His attention was then diverted by the normal flow of air traffic control. In the interval he had noted the Bergstrom control tower and requisitioned that they scan the scope, at which time the return was still present. A second and third return were then formed, proceeding at an indicated airspeed of 15EOKT to 1500KT, at an altitude of approximately 13,000 ft, and returned to the thirty mile range for 285 degrees and 237 degrees, at 18 and 19 miles respectively for a short interval of time. The returns had subsequently vanished prior to the fifteen mile range of the Bergstrom control tower, and indicated that they were out of the range of the Bergstrom APN-4 at a bearing of 310 degrees which remained stationary for the entire interval of observation. After discharging traffic control duties, 1st/Lt Kelley returned to the thirty mile station from Bergstrom which revealed nothing unusual. On the morning of the 24th, Jan 1953, the same phenomena as described was again witnessed at approximately 1550OCT. He kept constant surveillance from this until relieved at 1800OCT without further contact.

The return was similar to that which is produced by a large formation of aircraft leaving and returning, being in the center and 1 c-147 aircraft in the formation differed or varied at all returns in question appeared to be of similar dimensions. When in motion, the speed was extremely high, in excess of what would be considered possible for conventional aircraft of that period. All the returns in question appeared to be of similar dimensions.