There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" from the CG 10th Air Division (Defense).

OCR text output:
UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
CG 10th Air Division (Defense) LOAD-3-53 PAGE 3 OF 4 SUBJECT
Following is an account derived from an interview with Captain Eugene B. Cramer, AD 316 247:
On 15 Feb 1953, at approximately 2345 hours (AST), a C-47, AF 1042, piloted by Major Joseph H. Lemon, AD 313 231, and carrying an instructor-pilot Captain Eugene B. Cramer, AD 316 247, was proceeding on an approach mission at Elmendorf Air Force Base, Anchorage, Alaska. At this time, as the C-47 was at an estimated altitude of 1100 feet, the crew noticed a brilliant light off to the right, which appeared to be in a stationary position. As this time the light appeared to be stationary and was observed to be a circular disk approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter. The light was observed to be in the stationary position for approximately 2 to 3 minutes. Captain Cramer did not estimate the size of the object, but from his position in the aircraft it appeared to be approximately the same size as the running lights of the C-47.
Captain Cramer estimated its speed and altitude as being approximately 350 knots and between 1100 and 1200 feet. Inasmuch as the light now appeared as a constant red color and was about the size of the running lights of the C-47, the crew were able to maintain an accurate visual contact and observation. As the C-47 continued on course, the object appeared to commence a climbing maneuver at a considerable rate of speed with a definite red trail visible. This maneuver was accomplished in a very short period of time, and the object was observed to accelerate rapidly at a tremendous rate of speed until it disappeared from sight.
The face of the object remained luminous and did not appear to change regardless of its attitude or maneuvers. Captain Cramer contacted the Elmendorf tower to determine if any other aircraft had been observed in the area, but the tower answered in the negative to both questions. After requesting the interest of the operator, Captain Cramer was advised that no additional information were available for the mission.
Based on Captain Cramer's description, the object appeared to be moving in a manner which is inconsistent with conventional aircraft, possessing capabilities not known to be associated with any known type of aircraft. Taking into consideration the approximate 345 knot airspeed and altitude the object, the reported maneuvers and the rapidity of its departure, the object must be considered unidentified.
After circling for several minutes and no further observations of the object, the C-47 continued on its course. As they continued over Knik Arm on this course, the light seemed to be about 3 times as large as the running lights of the C-47. Its color also appeared to change from a brilliant red to about the color of a star. The light did not decrease in size or intensity until it disappeared at about 2500 feet.
From the time the flight was first observed until it disappeared was approximately between 2 and 3 minutes. It is estimated that the object was under observation for approximately 4 to 5 minutes.
After circling for several minutes and no further observations of the object, the C-47 returned to Elmendorf Air Force Base and landed.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.