The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a text document with information about "Cruising Altitudes" and "Visual Flight Plan" related to aircraft operations.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

CRUISING ALTITUDES
CONTROL AREAS AND ZONES - During VFR conditions aircraft at altitudes of
7,000 to 17,000 feet moy climb, descend, or crosa through control zones and areas 
as specified in the "Aeronautical Information Manual" and "ATC
instructions." Below 7,000 feet, aircraft shall remain outside of control zones and
areas, except as permitted by the control tower or control center. When a color airway 
coincides with a VFR airway, the GCA or EVEN VFR rule for the appropriate color airway will apply. Where no color airway is involved and an EVEN-numbered VFR airway is concerned, the ODD VFR altitude rule will apply.

CRUISING ALTITUDES OUTSIDE CONTROL AREAS AND ZONES - When the flight visibility is less than 3 miles, aircraft must be flown at an altitude appropriate to the magnetic course as follows:

VISUAL FLIGHT PLAN
The Civil Air Regulation do not require that a visual flight plan, or flight plan, be filed for flights under VFR to which the filing of a flight plan is not mandatory. However, the filing of such a flight plan is considered desirable in many operations and in certain circumstances may be required, as in certain control zones or by certain air carrier operating rules. A flight plan may be submitted to the nearest FAA communications facility by telephone, radio, or in person.

If filing the flight plan, the pilot should state the nature of the CAA communication station with which he will communicate, the arrival report procedures, and the method by which the arrival report will be filed. A VFR night flight plan are transmitted by CAA communications stations to other CAA communications stations to determine the location of the aircraft. If no information concerning the aircraft is received by the CAA station at the estimated time of arrival, an alert will be immediately initiated.

It is important that all pilots make certain that notice of arrival of their aircraft has been filed, as failure to do so may result in the initiation of unnecessary search and rescue operations. If a flight is terminated prior to reaching the destination, the pilot should inform the nearest CAA communications station so that the flight plan report would be canceled.

VISUAL FLIGHT PLANS FROM WHICH TO MAKE FLIGHT - Flight Plan, except "Alternate
* VFR" which provides for operating when weather conditions permit visual flight operations but are not adequate for filing an IFR flight plan, in lieu of an actual attitude indicator, that the pilot intends to fly in accordance with Visual Flight Rules. Air carrier aircraft may be required to file a flight plan in accordance with company procedures, even though not required by regulation.