The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" dated February 9, 1953.

THE FIELD, CONWAY, S. C., THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1953
FORTY EIGHT MAN SHOOTS FLYING SAUCER
Details Varlous After Receiving DIREC TIVE

ALL over the United States reports have come in in the last week of various unidentified flying objects seen in the skies, With many reports coming from South Carolina, Conway, this week. 

According to a 26 year old ex-serviceman, a member of the Peoples Methodist Church and active in the affair of local government, he reports that on February 7, about 8:30 p.m. he, his mother and his brother were standing on his father's farmland near Conway observing a lighted, saucer-shaped object in the sky. 

Details of the object are as follows: It was about the size of a good sized apple held at arms length, round, silver and saucer shaped. It appeared to be about 200 yards away at an altitude of about 1,500 feet. It remained stationary for a few moments, then took off at a terrific speed, faster than any jet plane. There was no sound to the object. 

When the object took off, the witness became greatly excited and yelled to his mother, "Look, there it goes!" His mother and brother both saw the object. The witness then ran to the house, got his 30-30 rifle, ran back to the spot where it had been seen and fired 48 shots at it, emptying his rifle. The object had disappeared from sight by that time. He fired the shots mostly to see if he could hit it, to determine what it was.

He reports that since that time, his father has talked to him and told him that it would be best to keep quiet about the incident as it may get him into trouble. He has been afraid to say anything to the public or the authorities about it until now. He felt it his duty to report what he had seen and done. 

This appears to be one of the many incidents of unidentified flying objects seen in various parts of the country recently. The Air Force is investigating all reports received.