There is no photograph present on the page.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
wea
1005TH AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON 
United States Air Force Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

SUB0:7: Processing of Reports of Unidentified Flying Object Sightings
Commander Air Defense Command ATTN: ADDNI Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

AGOP 
TO: Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence Headquarters, USAF [ATI: AFTN] Washington 25, D. C.

The following discussion and recommendations on the Air Force UFO Program and the 1005th AISS participation therein, are submitted for your consideration.

2. OBJECTIV5: To eliminate duplication of effort which currently exists in processing reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOB) sightings

3. CURRENT PROCEDURE 

a. Air Defense Command. When a report of a UFOB sighting is received at Air Defense Command, it is routed directly to the 1005th AISS for processing. Other than guiding correspondence prepared by the 1005th AISS relating to UFOB matters, Air Defense Command assumes no further responsibility for processing UFOB reports.

b. The 1005th AISS., Upon receipt of a UFOB report, the1005th AISS logs the report, completes a UFOB Index Card (referenceI Enclosure 1) and forwards a copy of the completed Index Card to ATIG. If the report indicates a need for investigation, the legal detachment of the 1005th AISS or squadron headquarters conducts the investigation and the results are forwarded to ATIG, Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, and other interested agencies. (The investigative activitiesof the 1005th AISS have heen curtailed through lack of funds. The above description of procedures of the 1005th AISS are based on availability of funds. However, investigations which can be conducted with the unit involved are always carried out.)

e. Air Technical Intelligence Center. Upon receipt of a UFOB report, an index card, practically identical to Enclosure 1, is prepared. If insufficient information exists on the initial report or if certain aspects of the sighting indicate a need for investi gation, a request is made to Commander, 1006th AISS, through the
```