The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

Output of the OCR text:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

UNCLASSIFIED

(SECURITY CLASSIFICATION) 

FOR CASE:
            
EVALUATION OF INFORMATION OBTAINED BY INTERVIEW OF WITNESSES

This report has been prepared by this office as a result of information received from reliable sources. The information contained herein is for official use only and will not be released to any person or agency without the approval of the Commanding General, Air Technical Intelligence Center.

The witness, who lives at 2 ____ Street, Duncanville, Texas, stated that on November 23, 1952, at approximately 8:15 p.m., he and his wife observed a strange object in the sky north and northwest of their home. The witness described the object as being elongated in shape and appearing to be about 30 to 40 feet in length and 6 to 8 feet in diameter. It was glowing with a bright orange-yellow color and was moving at a rather high rate of speed. The object was observed for approximately 3 to 5 minutes before it disappeared from view.

The witness stated that he is a private pilot and has had considerable experience in observing aircraft. He is certain that the object he and his wife observed was not any type of conventional aircraft. He described the object as being completely silent and moving in a somewhat erratic manner, occasionally appearing to stop momentarily in its flight.

The witness reported the sighting to the Dallas Police Department immediately after the incident occurred. He was interviewed by officers of the Dallas Police Department and subsequently by representatives of the Air Force.

It is the opinion of this office that the witness is a reliable individual and that the information he has provided concerning this incident is accurate and worthy of serious consideration.

THE DALLAS TIMES HERALD, DALLAS, TEXAS, 6 DECEMBER 1952, SECTION II, SIGNED 1152