There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically an "Air Intelligence Information Report".

The text in the document is as follows:

DESCRIPTIONS OF INTELLIGENCE
Headquarters 5th Air Division

1. As unidentified flying object was sighted at 2314 hours. The object was 4 to 5 feet in diameter and appeared to be metallic in nature. It maneuver at a high rate of speed, changing direction sharply and accelerating rapidly. The object's navigation lights were not visible, indicating that it was either not lighted or that the lights were extinguished. The shape of the object could not be definitely determined.

2. The object was first sighted by the co-pilot at 2314 hours which was called to the attention of the pilot. The pilot described the object as "traveling diagonally through the sky at an extremely high rate of speed." The object's speed was estimated to be 700-800 mph. The object disappeared from sight within 30 seconds. The pilot attempted visual contact with the object, maneuvered the C-47 aircraft, but it was impossible to maintain the object in sight. While attempting visual contact, the pilot observed a second object which he described as appearing the same as the first one.

3. The observers flew the C-47 in a 3600 circle in order to continue observation. The light could be sighted at all times by the observers, but it was impossible to maintain the aircraft on a constant course which would keep the object in sight. The light diminished in intensity while traveling toward the west. It is believed that the diminishing intensity was due to the object increasing its distance from the aircraft. The observers lost sight of the object while continuing to fly the 3600 circle.

4. Wright-Patterson Control Tower was contacted when the object was first sighted and they reported no unusual radar contact.

The following were crew members of the C-47:
Lt. Colonel Wilson Moore, 12274, 3,000 hours flying time
Lt. Frank E. MacDonald, AO 1784779, 900 hours flying time

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS