The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

6th January 1953, SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
1. On 6th January 1953, at approximately 1928 hours local time, nine (9) white objects were observed in the vicinity of R-13, Suwon, Korea.
2. The objects, estimated to be approximately twelve (12) to fifteen (15) feet in diameter, were observed traveling in a vertical line, approximately twenty (20) feet apart, and at an altitude of approximately three thousand (3,000) feet. The objects were observed for approximately two (2) to three (3) minutes and then disappeared, traveling in a northwesterly direction.
3. Manner of observation was visual from ground. Source is unknown.
4. The sighting was confirmed at the railroad station at K-13 and by other observers. No one element of the object (2) could be determined to be more or less than the other.
5. Changes in altitude, speed and course of the objects are unknown to reporting officer. On second interrogation the individual concerned stated that the objects were traveling at a high rate of speed and maintained a constant altitude throughout the time they were observed.
6. Weather and wind conditions at time and place of sighting, in relation to the season, are as follows: BESI: 20 0MHEX 1C 1958/1/5 WOY 12 - 5010.
7. No radar intercept is known. No interception or investigation action.
COMMENTS OF REPORTING OFFICER:
This case is presented with the following qualifications:
a) Reliability of source: source is considered reliable, being that it was observed by several persons.
b) Description of object (s): the description appears to be that of a conventional craft or aircraft, with no indications of any unusual or unidentified characteristics.
c) Determination of origin: insufficient information to determine origin of objects.
d) Evaluation: The sighting appears to be of a conventional aircraft or craft, with no unusual characteristics observed. The report is submitted for information purposes only.