There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Output of the Text:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

All that can be said is that if the angles are correct, or even approximately so,gince after all, one person saw the object to the north and another observer saw it to the east, the phenomenon was a local one. The objects were not observed from the O.P.s around Bismarck though these had been alerted, and it was not reported in Uandan, which is just 5 miles west of Bismarck. They are reported to have a very active Observation Post. In Capt. Ruppalt's original report, he stated that although he did not visit Bismarck, he felt that inasmuch as they had been alerted to watch out for something, they became excited and "saw lights." I cannot accept this interpretation in the least since the obserrers interpreted were in my opinion a definite cut above the average person. The operation of the Filter Center seemed to be very efficient in that they had recruited very good people for the work. ifaf9 in particular appears thoroughly reliable and accurate and is very much "on the ball." I would personally tend to discount the rapid up and down motion and the erratic motions because it is well known that a point of light watched consistantly will appear to do very strange things. But for the ehanges of position, especially since the objects were artulfor45ยง1&-hours, and the changes of color, appear to be substantiated. Hc+erer, even the color changes may be entirely subjective, that when penciled filters down the Bismark evidence, one comes to the conclusion that 3ie objects were observed there which were not stars or aircraft and if they were balloons they were extremely strange ones whose presence was totally unexplained. It is most unfortunate that pictures were not taken of these objects, and it is the recommendation of this reporter that future communications from ATIC should stress emphatically that pictures be taken and instructions included for taking star trails for practice.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAT
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 Y
DOD DIR 5200.10
```