The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, describing a reported UFO sighting in Darlington, Wisconsin on May 6, 1953.

Text from the document:

"WHAT'S SEEN? WAS IT FLYING SAUCER?
Was the bright fire which experts say was the Washington and Monroe, Wis., early Sunday morning, one of those things that are often seen and are so questionable - a flying saucer? 
The experts would like to know. What was it? The witnesses are making a report that it was just an ordinary jet Plane and flight was made over Darlington, Wis.
BALLOONS BILLED OUT
But officials of the Airport Weather Bureau station believed that Donny, 10, is almost certain the bright lights seen and reported were not a plane, but ordinary of the Airport station believed that Donny, 10, is almost certain the bright lights seen and reported were not a plane, but ordinary weather balloons released from that station. However, this is made positive, another flight tonight over highway 214 may solve the problem.
PUT - The balloons climb at an average speed of 1,000 feet per minute.... The twin balloons have been nearly invisible from the earth. And they ordinarily stay in the air about 2 hours.
So - what was it? Graham, a Monroe police sergeant, investigated and reported to police authorities later in the day that he could find no trace of anything unusual having happened. Only I saw an ordinary jet plane moving off towards the south.

HOVERS OVER MONROE
Whether picked up shortly Lawrence James and Louis Graham of Darlington - reported seeing a mysterious light over Monroe, a full south of the city, moving in a stationary position, then zooming off like a flash. At one time, the object hovered for 30 or 40 minutes over Monroe. Meantime, Monroe police and Green County sheriff's deputies were observing it. They watched it until 6:30, when the light began moving south.
The time for this was about 6:25, according to the sheriff's officer. 
So - what was it? A "flying saucer" or just an ordinary balloon? Some may say "flying saucer" if it stays in one position for 30 or 40 minutes, then zooms off in a flash. Others will say it was just a weather balloon. But the air station at the airport says the balloons released there were ordinary. So - what was it? Let the experts decide.

APPEAL FOR WITNESSES
We might have testimony that would identify what was seen if anyone else in the area saw it and would report on what they observed. If you did see it, will you please contact the Darlington Astronomical Society, Route 1, Darlington, Wis. They are very much interested in reports or observations of anything unusual in the sky."