The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

Around 5:44 P.M. I sighted one of those small green-colored light's, a oval shaped small light, it couldn't be any larger than a silver dollar. It was about 1/2 to 3/4 of a mile away, moving around erratically, making right angle turns and moving around approx. the front of this house for about 10 minutes or longer.

Around 7:00 P.M. or a little later I saw another one of these lights, it was about the size of a quarter, the light was steady, it went up and down, appeared to be stationary, this lasted about a minute or less and then it disappeared.

At intervals during the evening I searched for it, but had no success in locating the craft.

November 3, 1952:
Subject: Small Flying Saucer-Shaped Craft

I was telling my husband what I had seen, when I looked out the window of the house near the water, and spotted two of these small type craft.

They dipped around tree tops and lower branches and then disappeared further into the woods, until they were out of sight. They moved rapidly, almost as if they were trying to avoid being contacted or to avoid being seen.

I told my husband of the phenomena about them, as their gyrations were such that I was quite astonished. I looked several times later during the evening, but didn't see them again. This seems performance of these three small craft was marked by their quick and sudden disappearance.

November 4, 1952:
Subject: Revision of Sighting & Description of T. V. Project

At 9:20 P.M. onward violent glare around was witnessed. Suddenly a violet light of intense brilliance shot up from the horizon and cut out, when same occurred. This continued for one hour until 9:50 P.M. when the glow vanished. No sound was heard.

Compass readings:
At 9:30 P.M. Compass was 10 degrees East of North.
At 9:40 P.M. Compass was 20 degrees East of North.
At 9:45 P.M. Compass was 30 degrees East of North.
At 9:50 P.M. Compass returned to North and remained so until the end of the phenomena.