The image contains a document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a report about a UFO sighting. The document does not contain any photographs or images, but only text. As requested, I will now act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the complete text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

Case No. F-9545671

DATE : 9 JANUARY 1953

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

LOCATION: COTTONWOOD, ARIZONA

On the night of 27 January 1953, at 6.15 p.m., in the vicinity of Cottonwood, Arizona, a witness ( * * * *) observed a bright object in the sky. According to his statement, the object was descending in a zig-zag pattern at a high rate of speed and then suddenly disappeared. The object was observed for a period of approximately 1-1/2 to 2 minutes.

The witness was a reliable observer, having had considerable previous experience in observing aircraft. He stated that the object traveled at a speed of at least 1,000 to 1,500 miles per hour and that it appeared to be about the size of a B-29 bomber.

As the above mentioned case, I happened to be on duty in the office where this report was being processed. I followed it through the normal procedures of investigation. It is my belief that the object sighted was an extremely fast, high-altitude jet aircraft. I say this for the following reasons:

1. The speed and maneuverability of the object, as described, is well within the capability of the latest jet aircraft.

2. The sudden disappearance of the object could be explained by the fact that the aircraft may have been flying edge-on to the witness, thereby making it virtually invisible.

3. It is quite conventional for high-performance jet aircraft to be operating in that general area at the time and altitude mentioned.

There is a possibility, however, that the object could have been a large meteor or a piece of space debris re-entering the earth's atmosphere. This would also account for the extremely high speed and the sudden disappearance of the object.

I would recommend that no further investigation of this case be made, as I feel confident that the object sighted was either a high-performance jet aircraft or a meteor/space debris. No evidence has been uncovered to indicate that this sighting involved an "unidentified flying object" in the true sense of the term.

UNCLASSIFIED