There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a text-based report describing an observation of unidentified flying objects near Old Point Comfort, Virginia. The report describes the objects' movement, appearance, and behavior in detail, but does not include any visual imagery.

Old Point Comfort, Virginia.- The DC-4 aircraft was at 5,000'. When the aircraft was about 20 to 25 miles out on the NE leg of the Norfolk beam, six objects in trail were observed below and coming toward the DC-4. When they reach a point under and slightly below the aircraft, they appeared to roll on edge and without any radius of turn, shoot off on a heading of about 270° rolling back into a flat position. Immediately after the change in direction the formation was joined by two other objects. 

When these objects were glowing on the top side with an intense amber-red light, many times more brilliant than the lights of the city below, they resembled a glowing red hot coal. They appeared circular. As they approached the DC-4 they appeared to decelerate just before they changed direction. During their approach they held a good formation but just before the turn, they appeared to send to overturn the light and oscillation the glare seemed to dim entirely. They reappeared at once, glowing brilliantly again. As the began to climb, the lights went out one by one.

They were in view long enough for the pilot to get out of the left seat after he first observed the objects, cross the cockpit, pick them up just as they completed their turn and watch them disappear. It was estimated that this was between 10 and 20 seconds.

The only "clue" as to a possible identification of the objects is a part of the initial report that stated that there were five jet aircraft in the vicinity of Langley AFB, Va. at the time of the sighting. (Note: The incident took place about 10 miles NE of Langley AFB.) Efforts to obtain more data on these jets were unsuccessful.

Since aircraft were in the area it is possible that they were observed. The in-trail formation could have been a "rat race" although doing this in jets, they reappeared at once, glowing brilliantly again.