There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The text of the document is as follows:

Date of Occurrence: June 24, 1952
Subject: "Discs"
Page Five.

Details are which it has been. The "discs" that were seen appeared to be flat, circular ships. About a year ago, in early June 1952, a man in Hampton Bays, Long Island, N.Y., sighted such an object. They had the same red lights and moved in a completely silent manner to the west. The witness stated they were 500 high and too far away to estimate any size, though it is gathered his estimate placed the diameter at as much as 50 to 75 feet. 

It would seem to me that the craft herein described was seen by this man for a period of electrical disturbance. The craft showed no motion or emitted noise, which is quite unusual for an aircraft. The color of the red lights remained constant, with no flickering or changing in intensity. The lights did maintain a constant speed and headed steadily west.

ADDITIONAL TO MAIN REPORT:

By increasing the power source to whatever type of the craft's is to increase its velocity, or to lift it faster. They were also able to control the speed, as well as an upward acceleration. HELLO: OLD OR FUTURE?

One more thing I should like to add in this report, is that I have a peculiar feeling which is difficult to explain, of what may have occurred. I would not reduce it to writing if I did not think it of value. It was coming up from the ground, and was something I observed through an office window. It was going up from the ground, and swelled up like a yellow light, and grew, and then would contract and disappear. I was so intrigued by not, that I did not put pen to paper to record what I observed. If it has any bearing on the case, I am willing to take, and what I should have saved it for a chemical analysis. I have wondered whether this an exhibition in nature may have any bearing on the incident of which I am speaking. If this is what I suspect, in case it will be of some help to you.