The image contains a document that appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report. There is no photograph present in this image. The text below describes the incident that occurred on September 3, 1953 in Modesto, California, where a newspaper photographer and a news reporter witnessed a yellowish-white light in the sky around 7:45 p.m. The light seemed to be about one degree above the horizon in the direction of the Modesto Airport. The witnesses said the light remained stationary as they drove away, and they believed it to be an aircraft with landing lights on flying upwind. The photographer took his camera to the newspaper building and set it up on the roof to photograph the light, but it disappeared from view after about four hours. The report also mentions the exposure settings used and the opinion of the preparing officer that the elliptical light in the photograph is the flash of a landing light of an aircraft.

MODESTO, CALIFORNIA 
3 SEPTEMBER 1953

A newspaper photographer and a news reporter, for the same paper, saw a yellowish white light at 7:45 p.m., PDT, 3 September 1953. The light seemed to be about one degree above the horizon in the direction of the Modesto Airport. The witnesses said it appeared to remain stationary as they drove a distance of about one mile East where it vanished from view. They believed it to be an aircraft with landing lights on flying the upwind leg at Modesto Airport.

The news photographer took his camera to the newspaper building and set it up on the roof to photograph the light. He left his camera unattended with the shutter open for about four hours. He developed the film on 3 September 1953. When he noticed the elliptical light and could not explain it, he called Castle Air Force Base.

The exposure was made with a good graphic camera, set on f22 and unattended exposure for opening and closing the shutter. The exposure was made sometime between 9:20 p.m. 3 September and 00:15 a.m. 4 September. 

The camera was located about 40 feet above the street and oriented East. The geographic location is 37.38°N - 121.00°W. The elliptical light is approximately at ten degree elevation and on a bearing of ninety degrees.

It is the opinion of the preparing officer that the elliptical light in the photograph is the flash of a landing light of an aircraft.