The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely an old report related to Project Blue Book, discussing various causes of UFO reports such as natural phenomena, aircraft, and astronomical bodies. The document provides explanations for how some of these things can be mistaken for UFOs and cautions against drawing conclusions without proper investigation.

Text extracted from the document:

RESTRICTED
...however, when you get to thinking about it. One, if a missile appeared anywhere outside the proving grounds chances are it would be enemy. However, if you have concluded missile you will note that timing, or the time before fuel cut-off, is only a relatively short period during the missile's flight. If we would say, hypothetically, a rocket was shot from some foreign country into the United States, chances are very good that the fuel shut-off point would have come long before the rocket ever reached the United States and it would not be emitting a flame.

Other Causes of Reports
Naturally balloons, aircraft and astronomical bodies do not account for all the sightings. We have a smaller percentage of other things; such as drive-in theaters at night, searchlights on clouds, blimp's, pieces of paper caught in an updraft, and many other things that cause reports. These are very difficult to check and to check them we normally go back to old sightings. For example, sometimes back, approximately a year ago, the city of Fargo, North Dakota, was somewhat disturbed by sightings that flew over the city on various nights. Finally, some of the more enterprising souls in the city took enough interest in the subject to attempt to determine what they were. All it was were flocks of ducks or geese reflecting the city's lights. We will take a case like this and mentally file it. When we come across a similar report, we will go back and compare the two reports. If they are similar enough, we will write the new report off as being the same thing. This is about the only method we have of checking such things.

Radar Sightings:
Since ADC has the vast majority of the radar that is operating 24 hours...

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED