The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page describes the witness's account of observing a strange object in the sky and provides details about the object's movement, altitude, and other characteristics. The witness expresses uncertainty about the nature of the object and cautions that their recollection may not be entirely accurate. The text also mentions the formation of the object, which is described as a "round half-moon that was brightly lighted, but there did appear to be a dim, half-after-part - triangular in shape, attached to the base of the main formation."

USAPTIS
I was able to follow the path of the object somehow, even when it was not luminous; and knew exactly where it should emerge. The distance that the object ran during the some 13 seconds we had it in view was approximately 11 nautical miles. My reason for stressing the cloud bank formation and its distance is that it is by means of this that I am definitely sure as to the true size of the object.
When the object had an altitude of about 300, and my recollection is that it disappeared, its altitude was approximately 10°. This would indicate that the object was very large. If my recollection is correct, it would give a clue to the height or the object when at its maximum altitude.
(1) That the object was abnormally silent, so silent in fact that I was conscious of my own hearing or lack of it. 
(2) That I misjudged the run of the object before it disappeared, believing it to be impossible as its disappearance seemed completefy fantastic). 
(3) That the object gained altitude on the run (this latter, in my opinion).
To me the most striking feature of the fantastic episode was not the obvious fact that something out of the ordinary had occurred, but rather the impression that all three of us who witnessed the disappearance of the object were absolutely certain that "Jesus Christ, what's that?!"
It is my opinion that Captain ___ and I both saw the object simultaneously and that when I did. The three of us were able to follow it during the entire run.
The formation, as mentioned above, was that of a round half-moon that was brightly lighted, but there did appear to be a dim, half-after-part - triangular in shape, attached to the base of the main formation.
I have heard, but do not know of my own knowledge, that the object was picked up on Key West radar.
Respectfully submitted,