The page contains no photograph.

Now, here is the transcribed text from the document:

---
C
O
P
Y

HEADQUARTERS
4602d AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON (ADC)
ENT AIR FORCE BASE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

AISOP

23 November 1954

SUBJECT: Report of Visit of ATIC Representatives

TO:	Commander
	Air Technical Intelligence Center
	ATTN: ATIAE-5
	Wright Patterson Air Force Base
	Dayton, Ohio

1.	On 17 and 18 November 1954, the Commander, 4602d AISS and his staff met with Captain Charles Hardin, ATIC, and Doctor Allen Hynek, USAF Contract Astronomer, for the purpose of discussing ATTIC-4602 AISS relationships in the investigation and processing of Unidentified Flying Objects reports.  During the course of the conference general information was exchanged relative to the UFOB program, procedures were developed relative to the handling of UFOB reports and the criteria for evaluation of reports and conducting investigations were discussed.

2.	The evaluation of all UFOB reports as well as the lines of inquiry of investigations, will be governed by the application of certain hypotheses to the data available.  In the majority of cases, provided the information concerning the sighting is sufficiently complete, the data will suggest that the sighting was probably some known object or natural phenomena.  For example, the data available might suggest to the investigator the hypothesis that the sighting was an aircraft.  A check list will then be applied to the data using the hypothesis that the sighting was an aircraft.  The check list will contain those items which, in combination, characterize aircraft from other possible objects or phenomena.  For example, if the object was an aircraft, then there should have been noise, there should have been radar observation in certain areas, etc.  The application of these check lists will suggest the lines of follow-up investigation in the event the data is insufficient to satisfy the elements of proof necessary to identification.  ATIC will furnish the 4602d AISS with the check lists referred to above which will assist in the identification of UFOB's, and will cover, for example, aircraft, balloons, astronomical phenomena, guided missiles, etc.  In addition a special evaluation of preliminary UFOB reports must be made to determine whether follow-up investigations can reasonably be expected to result in additional reliable and usable data.

3.	Evaluation of Preliminary Reports:

a.	ATIC will furnish the 4602d AISS with "rule of thumb" criteria to be used by the Squadron Headquarters in determining the necessity for