The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED

"I/Lt. J. Baker 6. AIRCRAFT
Sightings of 2/2Q ATRaIN

LCViy A? Fij, C~_oredo
4 September 1953

"At Lt. I. Baker, Jr., a C'j1 of 194h 29C, 249 hth Recvnnaissatice 3Sq\:Edran, Iattry Colorado Lowry Air Poice Base, submitted the folloving inforrnation:

"On 2 Septerbe. 1953 an I visUl observation was made of an object described as a t'specia.l type of aircraft, the flight characteristics of hich appeared to be out of the ordinary." United States Air Force personnel (including Lt. Baker) observed the object on that date at approximately 1130 hour-s, Lowry A T3, Colorado. The ab#ve described object was subject to any analysis deemed essential to determine its influence, operational peculiari ties or any factual data which might prove of value in future comparable situations.

"I was ranting this Sevrica Club at Lowry AF, Colorado, with a 1/2 window observer on 22 March 1955. At about 1350 hoxr-s, I observed a light noving in a steady downward direction, appeared to be bright and bright colored as it. descenzdd. The light looked like an airplane but I cannot say definitely that it was an airplana. The light appeared to be coming from the general direction of the area which the o.jcct in question had been observed. The light appeared to have a definite path of motion and did not deviate from it. The light continued in a steady downward direction until it passed out of my sight near the horizon. I was unable to estimate the size, speed, or altitude of the object. The light appeared dim brighter at first when first observed and then grew dimmer as it descended until it passed from sight. I saw no details other than the light itself. The object did not appear to be lighted or illuminated. It simply appeared to be a light in motion coming from the direction where the previous observation had been made. I did not hear any sound at aru time. The light did not resemble the usual appearance or flight characteristics of ccwrent types of aircraft.

"Further I state that I have read this entire statement, initialed all the material corrections and initial ed the changes that were made and that I have not been coerced or improperly influenced in mying any of the statements contained herein and that it is true and correct to the best of my recollection."

Ilrl J. Baker n Actriw
29-46-1039
22S-1428
(-42.1424 Ext

Iowry AFB, Colorado

UNCLASSIFIED