This image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

IX. Interception or Identification Action Taken 
None

X. Location of any Air Traffic in General Area at Time of Sighting
None

XI. Winds and Velocities at Altitudes Indicated at Time Object Sighted.
4,000'
8,000'
12,000'
16,000'
18,000'
20,000'

XII. Remarks (Any additional or miscellaneous information not completely covered above.)
I was flying through the above area when I first saw two bright lights ahead. As I approached them, I could see that they were not lights, but two objects that appeared to be hovering. I immediately turned on my landing lights and tried to get closer to them. As I got nearer, I could see two more when I turned on my landing lights. They appeared to be about the size of a B-29 bomber. At this time, I headed my ship into them and they immediately scattered in all directions, moving at a tremendous speed, far in excess of anything we have so far. Then more lights joined the first four, in a grouping formation, and maneuvered around the aircraft for about 20 minutes. They were not consistent in their speed - at times they appeared to be almost stopped, and at other times they moved at an unbelievable speed. Their motion was rather eratic, just as though they were experimenting with their controls. After about 20 minutes, they began leaving the area one by one, and in couple minutes they were gone. While I was watching their antics, they appeared to be toying with me, as though I was of no more importance than a gnat. 
What they were, I cannot say - but they were remote controlled and something from beyond this world. They did not appear to be a reflection or illusion, as I had a close look at them. Their intense light was such that I could easily have read a newspaper in the cockpit, and I was blinded by it for some little time after they had gone. I have heard stories of objects like these before, but had no idea they were real. This is the most incredible thing I have ever witnessed.

Ralph R. Rankart
1stLt. U.S.A.F.