The image appears to contain a newspaper article titled "Thousands See 'Bulb' Whirl Over Bay Area" with an accompanying photograph. However, the photograph does not contain any human faces, so I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals depicted in it.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Thousands See 'Bulb' Whirl Over Bay Area
(Continued from Page One)
BERKELEY - At first a mere pinpoint of light against the vast panorama of the sky, it grew in size and brilliance until the whole wide heavens above the Bay, the peninsula, and Marin County turned The Dazzlin,
until its intense luminare celestial display of lights itself.
VIEW FROM GATE HOUSE
What thousands saw was characterized by Charles Peterson, of 149 Irving Street, He said: "It first appeared at 6:55 p. m. and for five minutes thereafter a gleaming white light pulsated and swayed high in the sky."
He said It seemed at first about as high as a star, but high, nevertheless, and as it grew in size and brilliance, it gave the appearance of a giant fluorescent light bulb. 
"At times it would be more intense and brilliant but it never went out. There were no colors, just a tremendous white glare.
Suddenly it seemed to tilt and take on a more rounded shape. Thereupon it whirled in an elliptical path at tremendous speed, always maintaining its steady glow.
Suddenly a tail as bright as the bulb itself seemed to burst from behind the glowing mass and streaked off into the distance.
"It was much too high to be a flare, and certainly not a plane or anything else I have ever seen in the skies," Peterson declared.
SAME FROM BRIDGE
Turner, a bridge tender on the University Avenue Bridge, spotted the phenomenon from his vantage point and estimated its altitude at 5,000 to 10,000 feet. He declared:
"It was a white ball of light, approximately 25 to 30 feet high. It was traveling in a westerly direction, going from east to west, and would disappear for five to 10 seconds, and then reappear, only to disappear again directly over the Golden Gate Bridge. When it would reappear, the appearance of the light was very brilliant, electric like while in. motion."
"But it was too slow for a falling star, and too fast for a meteor," he added.

At 8:20 a. m. yesterday, Highway Patrolman George Kenyon, on the Bay Bridge, reported a similar sighting through binoculars. He said:
"The first time I saw it, it was about 5,000 feet high, judging by the height of the South Tower of the Bay Bridge. There was no sound, and it was perfectly round, brilliant white in color, and watched it for two minutes and saw it disappear in the distance."

AT 9:15 A. M. YESTERDAY
At 9:15 a. m. yesterday, the phenomenon was again spotted by bridge tenders, crossing the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge. It was traveling in an easterly direction, and was sighted for about two minutes. The patrolman on duty declared:
"It was a white ball of light, approximately 5,000 feet high. It was traveling in a westerly direction, going from east to west, and would disappear for five to 10 seconds, and then reappear, only to disappear again directly over the Golden Gate Bridge. When it would reappear, the appearance of the light was very brilliant, electric like while in motion. 
"But it was too slow for a falling star, and too fast for a meteor," he added.

At 8:20 a. m. yesterday, Highway Patrolman George Kenyon, on the Bay Bridge, reported a similar sighting through binoculars. He said:
"The first time I saw it, it was about 5,000 feet high, judging by the height of the South Tower of the Bay Bridge. There was no sound, and it was perfectly round, brilliant white in color, and watched it for two minutes and saw it disappear in the distance."