The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated February 19, 1953, regarding an unidentified flying object sighting in Conway, South Carolina.

The text of the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

THIS FIELD (CONWAY, S. C., 19 FEBRUARY 1953)
"BAREPS DAVIS CO THAT PAST"

A civilian called and reported the following: "The witness, who was driving alone, suddenly observed a bright lihgt in the clear sky which seemed to be approaching him at a high rate of speed. He said that the light appeared to be very close at hand, and was shaped like an inverted saucer or dish. The witness stated that this object hovered about 700 yards an hour, and seemed to rock or sway from side to side as it moved. He said that the object appeared to be approximately 30 feet in diameter, and was dark gray or black in color. 

"It was rounded on the bottom, and had a trail of whitish-yellow flame extending about 12 feet behind it. The flame was steady and did not flicker or waver. The object was observed for about 5 minutes, after which it accelerated rapidly and disappeared from sight."

Reports of civilian sightings have been frequent in this area during the past few months. A number of observers have reported seeing similar objects, varying in size, color, and speed. Many of the sightings are located along the Carolina coast. Latest reports were made last night when there were no clouds and the visibility was excellent.

THE MORRY COUNTY NEWS AID AND ITS LOUIS SENTELL, LORIS, SOUTH CAROLINA, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1953

REPORT SAID SAUCER WAS NOT A "NAVY BLIMP"

Conway, S. C. - Feb. 19 - The "Horry County News" reports that on January 22, notices were only ones who said they did see this formation which a CIA dispatcher says "darn it' actually have flownded" a Navy Blimp.

Lloyd E. Brooks, 32, states he has never seen anything like in all his life. "I'd certainly know a blimp when I saw one," he added.

This man, who was in his yard on the 22nd, says he observed the object slowly over Roobin's farm on the northwest. "It just disappeared as if a light had been turned off," he stated.

High reverends kept the blips lower, Hill said, which was why his parents "spotted" are actually rejects the bill opposing his act according to the basis of his past experience with the air.