There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report containing typed text.

OCR output:

It was determined that the path of the object in question, that is the position of appearance and disappearance, very closely paralleled the path of the planet Venus. Venus on 31 May, 1953 is in the same direction and about the same apparent size as the observed object. Usually observers can detect it. If Venus is starred at for any length of time, it will appear much larger periodically and attain great apparent speeds all these characteristics having been attributed to the unknown object sighted over Darlington.

General Outlook on Project Blue Books

Since 1947 3,000 reports of unidentified aerial objects have been turned in to the Air Force. In 1952 there were 1,700 reports (the highest yearly figure). The Air Force investigates each report and feels that it can explain to 90% the known phenomena as unusual cloud formations, reflections, astronomy phenomena or mistaken objects. There is always 10% which cannot be explained to the Air Force's satisfaction. Some of these are certainly genuine reports from highly credible people, others are so sketchy that they aren't worth scientific investigation.

Some of the phenomena which have caused "flying saucers" to be reported are things as natural balloons observed in the daytime with the sun glinting off them so they look like flying discs, Venus or other planets reflecting sunlight off them which gives the appearance of light phenomenon. As a result of fear or clouds or unusual weather there are some unidentified reports. However a majority of these reports are easily explained by simple phenomena easily understood by people qualified in that field.

The Air Force does not pretend to be able to explain all flying saucers observed about the
entire subject to say that there is no existing danger to the United States. It believes 95 there possibly is something to cause undue speculation or hysteria of all of our sightings so far have been explained. The Air Force believes that it has the responsibility of ensuring the public with as much confidence as possible and so concentrates on evaluating and explaining its own sightings.

Sincerely,

R. M. GIBSON
Lt Col, USAF
HQ, Project Blue Book