There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document with text.

Transcribed text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
5 March 1953

On 5 March 1953 while leading a flight of three T-33 jet aircraft on a simulated intercept mission, the pilots observed what appeared to be an unidentified flying object or objects of peculiar and unfamiliar shape and size.

At the time of observation the weather was clear and visibility was approximately 35,000 feet. The altitude of the flight was 30,000 feet. The pilots were engaged in a normal training mission and the weather and visibility conditions were such that objects or aircraft in the area could normally be readily observed and identified.

The first pilot to note the object or objects reported them to the second pilot and I immediately recognized 12 to 15 objects or units approaching our position at what appeared to be a very high rate of speed. They were moving in a somewhat erratic pattern, at times appearing singly, in small groups, and at other times in a tight formation. They seemed to be maneuvering or darting in various directions. Their motion was not like that of conventional aircraft and they left no visible contrails.

They were observed for a period of approximately 2 to 3 minutes. The pilots strained to identify or classify the objects but were unable to do so. Toward the end of the period of observation, the objects seemed to move off rapidly toward the northeast and were lost to sight.

The pilots were unable to determine the size, shape or exact distance of the objects. However, they indicated that the objects appeared to be several times larger than conventional jet aircraft and were traveling at a very high rate of speed, far in excess of the capabilities of our most advanced jet fighters.

The weather conditions at the time precluded the possibility of any known aircraft or objects being confused with the phenomena observed. The pilots were experienced and well qualified to identify various types of aircraft. They were unable, however, to classify or identify the objects in any recognizable category.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

UNCLASSIFIED