The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image.

Date of Occurrence: June 28, 1953
Subject: "Disc!" 
Place Tires.

The text from the document is as follows:

SIGHTING REPORT

Date of Occurrence: 
June 28, 1953

Subject: "Disc!"
Place Tires.

It slowly began to descend to about 25 feet above the ground. It soon dissapeared behind some trees from the observer's view, which was completely round on top and was shaped like a large mushroom. There was no movement forward, backward or in any direction. My witnesses saw no exhaust, but just a sort of a glow or halo around the object. The object seemed to be only slightly tilted to the left.

DESCRIPTION OF CRAFT: (See Sheets #1 & #2)

If I was startled before, I was flabbergasted at what I now saw. The egg-like object seemed about one foot wide. The craft was almost 3 feet high. The color was sort of a metallic mottled grey. It seemed to come from the front edge of this circular deck. 

The circle of the cone I believe was 75 to 100 feet in diameter, and the depth of the cone about 20 feet. If was quite a saucer cone for the width of the craft.

The craft took off, first at a terrific speed and then slowed down. It went straight up through the thick overcast which actually seemed to open up for the craft. Within the cabin there seemed to be the appearance of several men-like figures, also with an appearance of dull, dark windows spacing to about 7 to 8 feet width. It was streamlined like an airplane, but on the left hand side which was toward me, I did not see any other side or the front of the craft in any way.

The cabin had only one connection to the bottom of the cone, which was a shiny column like chrome, which looked about the size of my index finger.

The lights were about 13 inches high and had 'wing-shaped' to be fresnell lenses or a lens-like substance, with a small channel running like any ordinary lights. The glow from these lights was a medium reddish similar to the fluorescent lights.