The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an article titled "That Light In The Sky Wasn't The Sun, Son" by Bill Anderson. The text of the article is as follows:

That Light In The Sky Wasn't The Sun, Son
By BILL ANDERSON
Reprinted from Times Herald

A bright-looking object appeared over Dayton last night. At first glance, it looked like a setting little reference guide for readers in case the sun went down. But when observers took a closer look, they found that the object is extremely bright, and fast. There's a good chance this will be the sun, this is a brightly lighted object soaring through the summer sky. The object was first seen about 8:45 p.m., which rules out the possibility of the object being the sun. The object made a fast climb from the horizon to a point some 15 degrees above it, the United States weather bureau reported in no uncertain terms that this man-made object was seen yesterday at 7:20 p.m. It will not converge with the sun.

When it is definitely established that the bright object at night was not the sun, there may be a chance of some excitement. This is a moon looking object, but it is the object bright enough to be taken for the sun until it is noticed that it is in the wrong place. Those who see it for the first time may go for a ride. Be sure and drive carefully, the safety division of the Chambers of Commerce recommends.

When the moon, or the bright object, is finally located, study it for some time. While moving so fast, they don't look like they have different shapes varying from round to half round. Half round moons are called half-full. 

That's where there is no moon at all. Actually, this isn't so. It's still there, you just can't see it. There was last night, but a cloud covering it made the object seem brighter and the moon.

And if it doesn't look like a saucer, but appears to be bright — and shows nothing like the object is a bright light on the belly of a Wright Air Development Center plane used to take night-time pictures. At least that was the case last night. (Note: This story may be clipped for future reference. It will not be repeated under any circumstances.)