There is a photograph present in this image, which appears to be a Technical Information Sheet from the U.S. Air Force. The photograph shows a diagram or floor plan of a room, along with some written observations and measurements related to a sighting of a flying object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, if they are needed.

Name: (Redacted)
Signature: (Redacted)
Date: April 4, 1953

At 11:33 P.M., March 28, 1953 while lying in bed looking out the window, I noticed a flaming object pass slowly across the lower half of the left one of a group of three windows. It moved and appeared to disappear completely, almost instantly, and then reappear in a slightly different position. I immediately began counting "One thousand one, one thousand two, one thousand three, one thousand four" as I had been instructed to do to check the time, and simultaneously across, went to the telephone and checked the time, it being 11:30:30. I immediately made notes on a scrap of paper concerning the observations.

The object, the size of a dime at arm's length, and shaped like a bell, had a greenish-white color similar to that of fluorescent paint on a clock dial in the dark. It had a sort of halo around it, and the tail appeared to be slightly curved. The direction of the object was from right to left across the window from a point close to the glass, observed the moon just barely within a field of view. At times I lost my position in the room as the time of the original observation. Measurements of the room were made after the following observation.

The home is located in the North Fractional 1/3 of the Southwest Fractional 1/4 of Section 23, Bay County, Michigan. The direction from the observation point through the window is almost due west.

The following was observed: The object was not seen in the two windows to the right, indicating the possibility of a limited field of vision. It was slightly larger than the North Star, but smaller than the moon, and elliptical in shape, pointing in the direction of motion. It had a slightly greenish color, like fluorescent paint on a clock dial in the dark. It had a sort of halo around it, and the tail appeared to be slightly curved.

Diagram of floor plan and wall of room are attached with measurements.

The width of the blurring or distortion in the window, which may have been caused by the object's passage, is also indicated.