There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archive, containing a report about a sighting of unidentified aerial phenomena near Congaree AFB and Shaw AFB in South Carolina on March 3, 1953.

The text from the document is as follows:

On March 3, 1953 about 1715 hours, 1st/Sgt. Dunlap and Airman Foley were in the ball turret on a B-36 bomber at Congaree AFB, South Carolina, stating that he had received word from Captain Harrington, Radar Operations, that Captain Harrington had seen three objects at Alta, South Carolina. Captain Harrington was trying to get a plane to intercept at Shaw AFB, but had been unable to do so. He stated that Captain Harrington was trying to get a plane to intercept these objects as he wanted to see if the objects would enable a radar lock on. He also stated that they would have to contact the pilot of the Air Defense Command to handle the situation. They were unable to get a plane to fly on an intercept as the pilot on the aircraft had to get back to Shaw AFB. They informed him that they would have a pilot on standby later that night to fly if the objects reappeared. At 1725 hours, Major Ballew from Congaree AFB called in for a veteran radar operator at Congaree to monitor the situation. They reported the objects to be located somewhere between Congaree and Shaw AFB, traveling in a westerly direction. The veteran radar operator reported locking on to the objects and stated that they were traveling at an estimated speed of 600-700 miles per hour. At 1730 hours, Captain Harrington again called Congaree and stated that the objects had been observed by his crew and him visually at Alta, South Carolina. The report stated that the objects were triangular in shape, with three lights on each point of the triangle, and they were observed to execute vertical and horizontal maneuvers. The report further indicated that AF 401 was unable to get a plane airborne to intercept the objects and that the radar operators at Congaree were unable to obtain a positive radar lock on the objects. The report concluded with the statement that the sighting was classified as unidentified.