The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" dated 17 February 1953.

OCR output of the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
UNITED STATES
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
AREA REPORTED OR
LOCATION: Redstone, Alabama
DATE OF REPORT: 17 February 1953
OBSERVER: Edward R. Swartz, 1/Lt, USAF, 86 Intel1 Off. 
SUMMARY: (Under certain conditions of light and weather, observers have sometimes reported seeing unusual aerial objects. This report is an example of such a sighting.)

AS of 2300H on 17 February 1953, a group of 6 observers were watching an AF B-47 when their attention was drawn to a noiseless, metallic, oblong object maneuvering at a distance of about 1 mile. The maneuvers were being performed in and around a few scattered clouds. The speed of the object was estimated at about 500-600 mph. After circling for about 5 minutes, the object climbed vertically at a high rate of speed, disappearing into the clouds at 26,000 feet. A further check with the Maxwell Radio Range revealed that an AF B-47 was operating in the area at the time, but it was approximately 20,000 feet lower than the object and has a speed of only 350 knots. It is stated that this object could not give an accurate description of the object, as the observers atate that it seemed to have a dim gray color and that it left no vapor trail as it climbed vertically. The object appeared to be about the size of a B-47, had delta or swept-back wings, and was pendulum shaped. This object performed maneuvers that are impossible for conventional aircraft. They described the object as climbing, diving, and strafing through such maneuvers. They described the object as climbing and disappearing in a way that is completely different from any known aircraft. 

Subjective sightings were made by the naked eye. The observers were located on the ground at Redstone, Alabama (33° 33'N, 86° 35'W). Observers state that they were able to watch this entire sighting from the ground for approximately 20 minutes.

The weather report state that at the time of the above-mentioned sighting, scattered clouds were present, winds aloft 2700 E 25 knots, temperature 10-15° C.

This office has no further confirmation of subject sighting. A check with McDill AFB revealed no reports by pilots on subject sighting. Both observers are untrained nature subjects and have had wider training before.

APPROVED:
EDWARD R. SWARTZ 
Lt, L.I., USAF 
Wing Intelligence Officer