The image contains a newspaper article with a headline "Seen Any Good Flying Saucers Lately?" and a cartoon illustration depicting flying saucers. The article discusses the Air Force's ability to "knock down 'flying saucers' almost as fast as people think they see them." It mentions the project at Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio, which is 23 years old and now headed by a first lieutenant. The article also talks about "better reports" to top astronomers and the belief that these sightings may be from something other than Mars. The article concludes with a story about a woman named Veronica Ryder, who was allegedly found asleep on a road after seeing a "flying saucer."

Seen Any Good Flying Saucers Lately?
The Air Force now is able to knock down "flying saucers" almost as fast as people think they see them. 
Trouble is, people keep thinking they see 'em.
Ohio, is getting to be a little too worn out for this 23-year-old project - at Wright Field, Dayton.
One sign of how it has settled is the fact that it is now headed by a first lieutenant - instead of some bright young captain as it started.
There are thousands of "flying saucer' sightings. The air force says less than 1 per cent are worth more than a cursory and now is headed by a first lieutenant.
The Air Force, Capt. Roscoe, of Southfield, L .I. temporarily in charge of the unit at Dayton says: "We get lots of calls - mostly what we call "blue book" for no particular reason. It hasn't as even with the fact that we have over 1,730 reports of "flying saucers," and many of those are good enough to send 50 of the "better reports" to top astronomers. All agreed there was nothing indicative of inter-planetary travel.
"We think there is nothing in the saucer reports that worries us. It is nothing to be worried about. That some force in Russia or some other nation has developed such sophisticated devices - that the U. S. has such a controlled machine."
But he emphasized the Air Force is constantly making more and more progress in methods of discerning between illusions from some other planet.

To the Old Folks Home:
LIVERPOOL, Pa. (AP) — Veronica Ryder, a 30-year-old resident of the state mental hospital, leaves the institution for a day's outing when she returned, her psychiatrists found her asleep on a nearby road. She told them she had seen a "flying saucer"                         ...she would go.

THE AIR FORCE explains - ranges from weather balloons reflecting sunlight to weather conditions that produce refraction, optical illusions, and the like.
Just recently the service revealed a secret scientific test they conducted to determine whether the so-called "flying saucers" were fact or fiction.
Results showed from over 100 alleged sightings not one could be pinpointed as an identifiable device of an identifiable nature from this or any other planet.
"We've proved two things," according to Lt. Gibson, head of the project at Wright Field and Window Locks, Conn:
1. That not one "flying saucer" reported to the Air Force In the past several years has been proven to be a flying ship from outer space.
2. That the U. S. has not developed any kind of craft that even remotely resembles the descriptions given by those who claim to have seen them.