The image does not contain a photograph. The document appears to be a report from Project Blue Book, an unclassified UFO investigation project conducted by the United States Air Force.

UNCLASSIFIED
26 January 1953
Continental Divide, New Mexico

I. Description
On the 26 January at 2115 hrs Air Force personnel stationed at an ADC station in this area observed an unidentified aerial phenomenon high over the Continental Divide. The white object estimated to be from 60 to 100 feet long was traveling west of the radar site. The object appeared to be hovering and at slow speed. The airman making this visual observation reports that they had an excellent view and could see the object clearly.

The object was first picked up at a range of 12 to 15 miles west of the radar site. The object was under visual observation for most of the time that the radar recorded it. It was eventually lost on radar at the 10 mile range. The elevation of the object was 7,500 ft. above sea level.

Weither at the time was characterized by a high thin overcast and scattered clouds. Winds aloft were from 270 degrees at 30 knots at 10,000 ft.

II. Discussion
This is the most complete report ever received by ATIC on the sighting of an unidentified object. The sighting confirms the observations of the 24th Air Division, ADC, is to be supplemented on his initiative and compared to account for all of the nighttime sightings contained in visual-reconnaissance information. The sighting is the best type of sighting to work with because it offered the most information.

The intelligence officer preparing the report checked on weather balloon releases in the area. It was found that a nine pound balloon released from Roswell, Arizona, was under the only visible cloud motion in the area at the time of the sighting. Also the sighting time of 0412Z is one hour and 15 minutes after the visible Roswell balloon release and probably did not have any connection with the incident.

ATIC electronics specialists advanced the theory that the slow speeds observed and long gliding lines indicate the possibility of an astronomical solution such as a star or planet. Since the object was tracked at 12 to 15 mph aircraft are eliminated as a possibility.

ATIC electronics specialists advanced the theory that the slow speeds observed and long gliding lines indicate the possibility of an astronomical solution such as a star or planet. Since the object was tracked at 12 to 15 mph aircraft are eliminated as a possibility.

UNCLASSIFIED