There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page discusses the use of a modified stereo camera for this project and the challenges faced with the grating on these cameras. The document is marked as "RESTRICTED", indicating it contains sensitive information.

RESTRICTED
and estimating the elevation while flying straight and level. When reporting any angle, it should be stated whether it is true or magnetic.
Videon Cariora:
You may have heard about a camera that has been modified for use on this project. At the present time, we have 100 of these cameras. They are a commercial model stereo camera with one lens fitted with a diffraction grating. The grating serves as a prism to separate the light source into its various components.
Any light source that is made up of an element or combination of elements has a distinctive spectrum. This spectrum is similar to a finger print. A file of the spectra of known objects, stars, meteors, etc., is being assembled and this file of spectra can be compared to the spectra obtained from photos from the cameras.
These cameras will be placed in control towers and a few selected radar stations throughout the United States. We are having some difficulty with the gratings on these cameras, however, and consequently have not put them out in the field.
The grating is a rather touchy piece of equipment and we are having trouble getting it to stand up under certain conditions.
We realize that this is not a fool-proof measure. These cameras are not a piece of highly developed scientific equipment, but we do hope that we may be able to obtain some information.
(Slide of Videon Camera)
(Slide on How the Videon Operates)
Other Instrumentation - Videon Camera, Quantimeter, Conductivity Meter, etc. The possibilities of more extensive instrumentation has been discussed in detail, but any suggestions for more complete instrumentation, such as spectrometers, recording cameras, and other detection devices have not studied. It is possible that a study contract for such instrumentation may be let, but no actual program will be started now. The cost of such a program would out-weigh the results.
RESTRICTED