The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is a report on an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation. The text on the page consists of various questions and responses related to the radar detection and tracking of an unknown target. The text includes details about the propagation of the radar signal, unusual weather conditions, and technical questions about the target's appearance and behavior as observed on the radar.

5. Has anomalous propagation been observed to extend the range of ground clutter by this radar at this site, and did this condition exist during or near this observation?
6. What attempts, if any, were made to rain scatter and determine if this target have been observed on this radar?
7. Were any checks made to determine if unknown target could have been one of our own aircraft?
8. Was any interception attempted? If so, give details.
9. Was a visual and/or auditory observation made simultaneously with scope observation? If so, give detailed description.
III. SPECIFIC TARGET QUESTIONS
1. Did any technical personnel observe the unknown target on the Radar Scope? Have they been questioned thoroughly? What was their opinion?
2. Was a permanent record "track" made of the target positions as they appeared on the indicator? If so, attach to this report. (Plot on back of page 1.)
3. At what range, azimuth, altitude, and time was the target observed? What was the target's speed and altitude, and could not obtain height finder on track log enough to obtain altitude.
4. How did the target appear in size and shape as compared with conventional aircraft? Same as normal target.
5. Was the target of consistent size, or did it change rapidly?
6. Was the speed of the target constant or variable? Explain.
7. Did the target appear "fuzzy" or clear and sharp as compared with a known aircraft target?
8. What other (aircraft) targets were observed in the same general area, altitude, and time as that of the unknown target?