There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Official U.S. Air Force U

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 Day 2 Month 1967 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting.

It might be good to mention that I remember that this was a very steady and near unmistakable that some concentration was required before I could see this as anything but a solid steady light. There was no flicker or any noticeable change in brightness that would indicate fluttering or flickering as of an aircraft light. The light almost seemed located or anchored to a point in space and did not wander around to any great extent. When it began to move it did so in a very steady manner and then vanished suddenly.

There was a small red light or what appeared as a red light located toward one side of the main light. This red light seemed to be much smaller and faint compared to the main light. At no time did the light give any indication of being connected to an aircraft or any type of vehicle. The shape was circular and perfectly steady, not fluttering or flickering in any manner. The color of the light was a very intense bright white or off white.

The size of the object seemed larger than a star and when viewed through binoculars the light seemed concentrated and solid with no scattering or halo type effect. This seemed to indicate that the light source was not too distant. It is difficult to estimate the size or distance but it was at least many times larger than a star and closer than normal aircraft would be flying.

The steady or anchored position of the light and the lack of any noticeable change seem to indicate that this was not an aircraft light, either commercial or military. The manner in which it suddenly vanished also seems to rule out any conventional explanation.