The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from The Ohio State University's Perkins-Hall Observatory addressed to Lt. Robert Olsson, discussing various UFO sightings and reports that were received by the observatory.

THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY
Howard L. Bevis, President
COLUMBUS 10

PERKINS-HALL OBSERVATORY
19 May 53

Lt. Robert Olsson
Wright-Patterson AFB

Dear Lt. Olsson:

This is a belated report on the last batch which I received at the end of April.

Just as soon as our plans for employing Miss Gluck officially go through, I shall be able to send you a report with comments on each individual case. At the moment, you understand, we are still getting organized and she can hardly type my typing as fast as it comes.

In this latest batch we have only a few really interesting cases. I might mention a 5th, 28 March 53, Scott AFB, which is the 1st report I've seen of an attempt to photograph an object. I think only one observer and I'm following my curiosity to see what was obtained, if it was a hoax. The 6 April was a meteor.

The Greenland case was Venus if reported time was in error.

28 March Allbrook AFB was probably Venus. 29 March Lockbourne and 30 March Lockb., Washi., are possibly balloons.

The 8 April Greenland case was an obvious meteor.

This brings us to the interesting cases:
25 March San Antonio control tower have been a mirage and I'm surprised there was no radar pickup. was there any aircraft like helicopters that might could explain this?

29 March Spookers. Miss Duration times needs checking here. Need to believe 29 March Spokane case, some may sound all right in 10 seconds. An interesting case and one of the regular ones-perhaps should be sent to Mr. Gillette.

Most 16 the M April 1953 head you from Ml, I think this is the most interesting of the lot. I would like to see Renzei explain this one. Is there any possibility that this could have been the 26 March, Equasour AFB although M.I., the data are traditional insubstantial? Perhaps this was a hoax? We ought to try have much more information on this one. Has this been received?

Sincerely, 
Allen Hynek