The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Ohio State University's Emerson McMillin Observatory to Lt. Robert Olsson, dated May 19, 1953.

The text of the letter is as follows:

19 May 53

Lt. lt. Robert Olsson 
Twilight-Patterson AFB.

Dear Lt. Olsson:

This is a belated report on the last batch which I received at the end of April. 

Just as soon as our plans for employing Miss _____ officially go through, I shall be able to send you a sheet with comments on each individual case that you will have my comments on each case. The uniform method I can handle is by typing and completion of forms, I had better stick to this letter method.

In this latest batch we have only 2 really interesting cases. I might mention 5 April 28 March 52, Sccers APS, as the 1st report I've seen on an "Oid Venus" which have only one observer and I'm following my usual rule of discounting those. 

The "Great Fall" (3 April) case was Venus if reported timesf was in error.

The 30 March Albrook AFP was probably Venus. Possibly have been 2 months the 3O March 1952, Venus. are puzzling but could have been something else.

The 8 April Greenland case was an obvious meteor.  

The 27 March San Antonio could hardly have been a mirage and I'm surprised there was no radar picture. Vice is considering cases against that of astronomy in this type of thing, and for a pinch-bottle but it should be listed as Exceptional. The 29 March Spooner, Wisc. Duration Sping, people checking here. I tend to believe that object could have done all that in 15 seconds. An interesting case and one of the regularity checks should be more to fit Gillettes.

I'm forwarding to you the forms that were in this latest batch, and I hope you receive more data on it. Questionnaires should be sent if like to see Mongraphin this one. I't there any possibility that those could have been mirage? Apparently ducks have been mistaken.

As for the 26 (fish?) Phaenomena APS although the data are contradictory and insufficient, perhaps this was a helicopter. We ought to have much more information on this one. Has thin been received?

Sincerely,
C. Allen Hynek