The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document is as follows:

THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY
HOWARD L. BEVIS, President
COLUMBUS 10

EMERSON MCMILLIN OBSERVATORY

19 May 53

1st Lt. Robert Olsson
VRIGE-Matereson AFB

Dear Lt. Olsson:

This is a belated report on the last batch which I received at the end of April.

As you know, as soon as our plans for employing Miss Gluck officially go through, I shall be able to send you a sheet with comments on each individual case, so that you will have my comments on each file. The letter method is obvious drawbacks. But until that time comes and she can handle my typing and cognition of forms, I find below such to this letter method.

In this latest batch we have only 5 really interesting cases. I might mention a 5th, 28 March 52, report is DESP, 1st report I've seen of an honest-to-goodness mirage. 6 Cases have only one observer and I'm following my usual rule of disregarding these. 

8 April was a meteor case (great ball of fire, as reported) the Venus if reported time, was in error.

28 March Albrook AFB was probably Venus.
21 March Greene(land) and 19 March Lockport, are puzzling but could possibly have been balloons.
The 13-16 March Gracenland case was an obvious meteor.
The 9 March San Antonio could hardly have been a mirage and I'm surprised there was no explanation. Anything more come in on this one? Don't think this is good enough for a punch-boule but a lot of investigation might reveal something significant.

To believe the duration times needs gooking here. Hard to find land and sea objects could have a duration as long as 17 seconds. This is a possibility to investigating cause.

Next is the 12 April Speed AFB. I think this is the most interesting case of the batch and I hope you receive some data on it. Questionative should be sent. I'd like to see Wenzl explain this one. Is there any possibility that these could have been airplanes? Apparently ducks have been sighted. What do you think, could this have been a helicopter? We ought to see have much more information on this one. Has this been received?

Sincerely,
Allen Hynek