The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a page from what appears to be an old Project Blue Book document. The text in the document discusses guidelines and procedures for handling reports of unidentified flying objects, including information about contacting the Ground Observer Corps, making triangulation measurements, and verifying the identity of reported objects. The text is marked as "RESTRICTED", indicating it contains sensitive or classified information.

RESTRICTED 

intervals for as long as the object is in view or for at least 20 minutes if it appears to be hovering. If an adjacent air base can be contacted and requested to do the same, probably at the same time, you've hit the jackpot as far as good data are concerned.

No (Blips) Confirmation - EIDE)
Chick Check with The GOG 

Another ready source of possible information that may shed some light on a report of an unidentified flying object is the Ground Observer Corps. The GOC can be used in two ways; they may make reports and they can cross-check reports.

IF one GOC post calls in a report as they are directed to do in ADAR 55-31 a nearly ready solution can be contacted by the filter center to see whether they can see the reported. If they can, there is a beautiful set up for triangulation. The observers can estimate the elevation and azimuth. Posts equipped with angle measuring devices could make very accurate readings.

If a report should come in from a source other than the GOC, they could be contacted and possibly identify the reported objects. It might be that they have seen and positively identified a balloon, meteor, or aircraft, while a pilot flying in the area observed the object from a different angle and could not make an identification.

Summary on Report Evaluations

It would be impossible to give you all the checks that can be made on reports since each report requires a different approach. I've given you a few ideas and you can undoubtedly think of more. One thing we do ask is that when you make a check on a report you obtain enough data to substantiate your conclusion. Just because someone reported four objects near a city and there were four aircraft in formation near the same city, don't quickly assume they were the same. There are many possibilities.

RESTRICTED