There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

On the night of 8 May 1953 an unusual occurrence was reported to headquarters of the Iranian Air Force at Mehrabad Airport, Tehran. At about 10:45 p.m. local time, the control tower operator and several airport officials observed a very bright stationary light in the sky. This light at first appeared to be at high altitude, but descended rapidly at intervals, varying in intensity, and finally vanished from sight. Shortly after the object had been observed by the control tower personnel, pilots of the Iranian Air Force, who were preparing for take-off, also reported seeing the same unusual light in the sky.

The first to observe the light was the control tower operator, Hossein Pirnia. He immediately notified the officer in charge of flight operations, Shahrokh Farshlian. Farshlian, after observing the object for several minutes, decided to alert the duty officer so that pilots starting their missions would also be advised. Shortly afterwards, the pilots of an F-86 Sabre jet and a C-47 transport, who were preparing for take-off, reported seeing the light. The F-86 pilot stated that as soon as he started his takeoff run, he saw the light low on the horizon. When he became airborne the light appeared to be at about 3,000 feet. The pilot attempted to intercept the light, but as he approached it, the light suddenly appeared to double in size, become extremely bright, and then disappeared completely. The pilot broke off his pursuit on orders from the control tower.

The light was observed for a period of about one hour and twenty minutes. It was also seen by other military personnel on the ground. The weather at the time was clear and the visibility was good. No aircraft were known to be in the vicinity at the time of the sighting.

A technical intelligence unit dispatched to the scene conducted an on-the-spot investigation and interviewed the personnel who had observed the object. Their report states that after an intensive study, they are not able to attribute the sighting to any conventional or known flying object.

As a result of this incident, the Iranian Air Force placed its units in a state of alert and requested that the United States be notified in order to obtain technical assistance.

Signature: Danton G. Clutter

AF55-8123