This page from a Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It is a security information document that describes the coding scheme used to classify UFO sightings. The text outlines how the geographical location of sightings will be coded to allow for extensive manipulation, such as extracting data for specific areas. It also explains the purpose of the interrogation forms, which are designed to extract information as discrete facts that can be corroborated and used to evaluate the observer's account. The document emphasizes the need for a broad coding scheme and the importance of planning for expansion of the system before the code is finalized.

The text in the document is as follows:

SECRET
SECURITY INFORMATION UNCLASSIFIED
The geographical location of sightings will be coded to permit extensive manipulation. For example, it will be possible to extract cards for areas bounded by parallels of latitude and meridians of longitude. It will also be possible to enter position data for facilities such as ADC, SAC, and others. Range and bearing from sighting locations to facility locations then can be calculated. The appearance and performance characteristics of sightings will be coded also. These codes will assist in classifying sightings, which is the preliminary step of identification. Where the performance and appearance characteristics check in multiple sightings, the time and location data may be used to determine the track and velocity of objects.
The interrogation forms are designed to extract information as discrete facts, later to be corroborated by an integrated written description. There are two aims here. First, the completion of the form will assist in evaluating the observer. Second, the discrete facts may be checked against the written story for evaluation. Some subtle questions cannot be answered readily, if at all. The related answers will aid in evaluating the observer.
From these brief comments, it may be clear that the basic coding scheme is broad. With punched cards, analysis of many facts on each sighting will be rapid and convenient. However, once the code is fixed, it will be difficult to extract information not incorporated in the code. For this reason, approximately 10 per cent of the space available for entries in the code has been left to provide for expansion. The desired expansion must be planned before the code is fixed. This is one item of work planned for the immediate future. After the code is fixed, necessary extension of the system can be affected with supplementary cards.

SECURITY INFORMATION UNCLASSIFIED