The image does not contain any photographs. Based on the text in the document, it appears to be a report from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text describes details about a reported sighting, including the time, location, size, speed, and behavior of the observed objects. The report concludes that the objects were likely a controlled flight, though the author expresses uncertainty about their nature. The document is dated April 28, 1953.

The text from the document is as follows:

East Prairie 
April 28, 1953

James E. Lang 
Major, USAF 
Intelligence Officer
Wingo AFB, Miss.

Dear Major Engel,

In reply to your request to give you detailed information you asked for in your letter of April 20. 

The object sighted was about 3-10 miles until about 2:55 p.m. 
The object appeared to be around 20 to 25 feet diameter.
Altitude about 1,000 feet up.
Speed estimated between 400-500 m.p.h.
Objects in flight for about 15 minutes.
4 to 7 objects.
No sounds.
No evidence of propulsion system.
Size appears to be between 20 to 25 feet diameter.
Speed estimated between 400 to 500 m.p.h.
Observed on a speed of 256 at 600 m.p.h. Slowed to 400 m.p.h.
Objects maneuvered in flight for a distance of about 3 miles.
Weather clear, no clouds and visibility unlimited.

The first object was a small bright light appearing to be about 1/4 to 1/2 the size of a match head. The three joined and broke apart and then formed a triangle, then a line formation. After forming these shapes they appeared to be gaining speed and as a tremendous rate of speed they dashed off towards the southeast. The objects were highly maneuverable, they darted from one side to another, up and down, back and forth. All of these observed characteristics point to their being a controlled flight. They could not have been conventional aircraft. The three joined and broke apart which could only be done by remote control. I am convinced they were strange, unknown objects in a controlled flight.

It is my opinion that these objects were a controlled flight. They could not have been any kind of aircraft we now know about. I think they were objects of a strange nature, beyond our present knowledge of flight.

The people who saw these objects were my wife, my mother-in-law, Mrs. Steele, Mrs. Chords and a neighbor friend of mine. I don't know why I don't recommend Mrs. Chords because of her very poor eye sight. Although she said at the time that she could see the objects clearly.