There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. I will now act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

1. The following information is submitted in the order established by paragraph 7c, AFR 200-2:

a. As observed and described by witness(es), the object and/or light had the following characteristics:
(1) Shape/other than normal - Appeared as Point of light, as bright as a star, varying in intensity from bright to dim, maintaining its position.
(2) Size - Unknown, appeared as a point of light.
(3) Color - White in color, varying in intensity.
(4) Behavior/observed maneuvers - Maintaining its position, varying in intensity.
(5) Speed - Estimated speed varied from to (1/2) to two knots. The object was watched for approximately 60 minutes, during this period the varying intensity was described as especially noticeable.

b. The observation was visual, no optical aids being used, and was made from a boat on the water.

c. The sighting occurred about 2300 hours EST (2100 z) and lasted for approximately 60 minutes. This was on the night of 30 August 1952, while the witness was making an observation on the weather and sea state while at anchor in the Straits between Marquesas and Loggerhead Keys, Florida. The weather was clear and visibility was excellent at the time.

d. The object was first detected at an elevation of about 25 degrees and moved in a straight line, maintaining its position, varying in intensity. When the object faded out of sight, it disappeared below the horizon.

e. The intensity of the object appeared to vary from extremely bright to barely visible at times, but it maintained its position throughout the observation.

f. The observation was checked by other personnel, and no other objects were observed in the vicinity. The object was observed by the same witness on several occasions, always under the same conditions and with the same characteristics.

The incident is reported in accordance with paragraph 7, AFR 200-2.

UNCLASSIFIED