The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an informational page about aeronautical chart supply and military chart supply. The text in the document is as follows:

AERONAUTICAL CHART SUPPLY
To insure that the airman has the latest information available, U.S. & World Aeronautical Charts are revised at frequent periods, the Air Force Air Aeronautical Charts are revised semiannually, and other aeronautical charts on a more frequent schedule. The time of the next revision is indicated on the face of the charts.
Chart users are advised to check the list Dates of Latest Prints on display with authorized agents.

CIVIL CHART SUPPLY
Authorized agents for the sale of aeronautical charts have been appointed at certain airports and principal cities throughout the United States. The charts may also be obtained from the U. S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, Washington 25, D. C.

MILITARY CHART SUPPLY
Aeronautical charts, maps and publications which the USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service are indexed or listed in the current edition of the USAF "Catalog of Aeronautical Charts and Related Publications".

1. Aeronautical charts, maps and publications which the USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service are indexed or listed in the current edition of the USAF "Catalog of Aeronautical Charts and Related Publications":
   a. Inside Continental United States:
      (1) USAF activities are to submit requisitions thru the supply channels designated by the Theater Commander for maintenance and distribution of aeronautical charts and maps.
      (2) Theater commands and requisitions are to be submitted to the appropriate Aeronautical Chart Depot and Aeronautical Chart Supply Operations Division.
   b. Outside Continental United States:
      (1) USAF activities are to submit requisitions thru the supply channels designated by the Theater Commander for maintenance and distribution of aeronautical charts and maps.
      (2) Theater commands and requisitions are to be submitted to the appropriate Aeronautical Chart Depot, and the Aeronautical Chart Supply Operations Division.
2. Within Continental United States, Requisitions from USAF activities will be submitted to the nearest Air Force Base requisitioning office within Continental United States.
3. Special Purpose Maps and Charts.
   a. Requirements for Special Purpose Maps and Charts, other than those listed in the USAF "Catalog of Aeronautical Charts and Related Publications", will be requisitioned from USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service, Washington 25, D.C.
   b. In requisitions, state purpose map or chart is to be used for, give sufficient information, as to size, scale, and special features desired, to permit proper selection and procurement.

CORRECTION INSTRUCTIONS
1. The Coast and Geodetic Survey is making every effort to furnish the user with accurate and uniform charts. (Grids, canals, power lines, etc.) on the face of the chart, as an overlay of the area, or under "Remarks" below. In recent operations, some methods used by observers to indicate corrections have not been sufficiently permanent or clear.
2. Mark corrections on face of chart under "Remarks" below.
3. Deall chart information (fold lines, etc.) must be left intact.
4. In submitting corrections, identify the chart, page, and item, and send to: U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, Washington 25, D.C.