The document page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
                                            UNCLASSIFIED

Object # 2, at the time of the passage of the C-12k, is indicated 
on Fig. 3 and 6. Mr. states that the object was almost due north 
and had an elevation about equal to that of the "guardians of the pole,"
which would place it about 30° up. We visited the control tower several
times, once at night with the sky clear, and had ample chance to check
positions and comparisons with stars. has had much opportunity
to observe stars from the control tower, and it appears inconceivable to
me that a man with 13 years experience could have mistaken stars for these
objects. Furthermore, Mr. examined the objects with binoculars and 
pointed out that though they resembled stars, their motion and their color
changes were such as to rule out this possibility. At any rate, if one
adopts the angles and altitudes of object , one finds that it was about
3 1/2 miles from the Filter Center and about 5 miles from the airport at an
altitude of about 10,000. This is obtained as a mean of two figures: 5000
and 15,000 feet. Mr. it appears, consistantly estimated altitudes
higher than Harry.

Object # 3 is indicated on Fig. 4 and 6. Fig. 5 shows the relation
of the Filter Center to the bearing of the Filter Center is 321°
as computed from a surveyor's map of the city. As will be noted, from the 
Filter Center, object  was a little to the north of east, wheras from the
tower it was a little to the east of north. This places it almost exactly
3 miles from both the filter center and the tower. Again, in altitudes there
is some discrepancy, but taking the mean of 3,000 and 8,000, we get something
of the order of a mile high.

    as well as  stated that object # 2 was the highest in the 
sky, and 3 and # considerably lower.  Object # 4 appears to have been the 
farthest away, since, as Fig. 4 and 7 show, it had about the same bearing from

                           UNCLASSIFIED                      DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
                                                             DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

```