The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Subject: Small Flying "Tornado-like Craft", etc.
Date of Occurrence: October 5th, 1952
Since commencing the other report on the small tornado-like craft, I spotted two more on the evening of October 5th, 1952. Several events occurred this evening at about 9:45 P.M. An object hit this side of our house collision was so great that it caused a fall but not a bad one. I pulled myself off the floor. I was alone with my six year old son, and we were both alarmed since all these previous happenings. 
At 10:00 P.M. I was in our bedroom with the shades and curtains drawn, a thing I never used to notice. About a minute later I heard a noise to our rear which is very sturdily constructed, and which extends into the darkness a great distance.
I cautiously pushed back the curtain and peered out into the darkness, and though I glimpsed a small shadowy figure I could not make out what they were saying. However, they seemed close to our house, and were walking around outside. Whenever they had been there, flashed away in bursts of speed all the time. I did not speak, as I felt it best to remain quiet and listen. This time the sound of the craft was that of a low swishing, although several seconds did elapse.
It was not a beast, as no waves appeared in the water. It had descended on something on the grass and the interval of one or two seconds had vanished into the night.
The two smaller tornado-like crafts continued their erratic and swerving movements, and I wearily I went to bed about 10:30 P.M.
I did not report this event to the police, since what I had seen was gone in a matter of minutes.
The next day I noticed odd types of traffic in the area, by the lower road, noise to the house and near the dock. I had my hands bandage several plaster casts of the prints. One was like a design or such and I think a like a design of small holes, had been located in the soil, pressing the heel to make these holes in the earth as they passed over it.