The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT OUTPUT:
per day, we receive many reports from them. ADC Regulation 200-5 covers such reporting. This regulation states what information is to be forwarded. ATIC uses a very similar questionnaire. It was designed after the one in ADC Regulation 200-5.

We receive quite a few radar sightings and are well aware of the fact that weather and interference between two radars can cause weird effects. Our problem is to determine methods of more positively establishing the cause of certain effects and even being able to predict when these effects may be more noticeable. Naturally, you people are also very much interested in this.

We understand that ADC has already published their latest material on how to check for interference and weather, so I will not go into this.

When reporting a radar sighting, the weather data are extremely important. Plots of the temperature and moisture vs. altitude should always be reported.

There are no reports of radar sightings in our file whose authenticity cannot be questioned to some degree. In none of the cases of erratic or high speed (above Mach 1) that we have on file can it be shown that the track was actually that of a material object. One rare exception to this is when radars have happened to track meteors. More of our unknown high speed tracks might be meteors but unless we get reports of a meteor track to correlate with the radar track, it is difficult to separate out these reports. Lightning is another possibility but a very vague one.

Radar Scope Photos
A large number of Air Defense Command radar stations are equipped with radar scope cameras. ADC Regulation 200-5 authorizes the use of these cameras for photographing abnormal returns. These scope cameras should be ready to operate at all times since scope photos are an invaluable aid in the accurate evaluation of reports involving radar.