There are no photographs present in this document. I will now proceed to provide the text.

```
A. Location of witnesses (Barracks No. T-511)
B. Horizon obtructions (Base Post Exchange)
C. Object travelled from "E" to "H" in approximately
two (2) seconds, on course "A" to "B" described in paragraph (5).
D. At point "H" the object slowed to practically a stop,
then moved on in a fish-tailing motion at a drastically reduced
speed, stopping at point "H" for approximately 15 to 30 seconds,
taking approximately three to four minutes to reach point "H". It was observed hovering at point "H" for approximately two minutes, then the writer proceeded to the Kq Sq Section, 2554th A3 Wing,
orderly room, to call the field control tower, which could not be reached as phone was not answered. Upon return to point of initial observation, about three or four minutes later, the object could no longer be seen. Pvt's Brown, who had returned to the orderly's office, while the writer attempted to call field control tower, had gone into the barracks to obtain additional witnesses. Therefore, neither of the witnesses observed the objects departure.

DISCUSSION

The writer is thoroughly familiar with all conventional air craft lights, meteors, etc., of which he is certain that it was neither. The objects altitude is unknown, but from appearance in relation to a thin scattering of cirro-stratus clouds (about 5 to 10% of which it was above, it is believed that it ranged in the stratosphere or higher. The speed could not be estimated due to lack of triangulating reference points, and unknown altitudes, but, from past aircraft flight observation experience, it's speed, other than the three hovering positions, was in all probability in excess of a thousand miles per hour at all times. The first portion of its stated flight, "E" to "H" registered in approximately (6).6 to no seconds and no mph category. It emitted no audible noise. Surrounding area noise level was exceptionally quite, as a result of early morning hours. PFC Brown, and the writer, are positive that this was an intelligently controlled object, unusual in maneuvering performance capabilities, and in short, "like nothing we've ever seen before".

Dale E. McGonbs.
S/Sgt Dale E. McGombs, AF-15568337
Hq Sq Sect, 2554th A3 Base Wing
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
```