There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows an old typed document that appears to be part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Confidential
Report

Subject: Small flying Tornado-like Craft.
Date of Occurrence: October 5, 1952.
Place: Pine.

Call Pin. The ends were what appeared to be the same sail-like material previously described on "case 3" that is, white in color and seemed to be attached to the front and rear, looking towards the center section. There were two small red sections, the smaller one being on the front and the larger one on the rear, looking towards the center section was a smaller green oval, surrounded by a smaller white ring. The craft appeared to move silently when seen at this distance and passed in an eastern direction over toward the west, seemingly close to the terrain, but still brilliantly lighted when seen at this distance.

The green section discussed in the report proved to be a brilliant, brilliantly lighted, when seen at this distance.

The craft was still, but during as it moved up, down, forward or back-ward, or in any certain direction, in a series manner, as the "flash", the two colors acting and reacting, so as to be an actual type border.

Between the fin and the rear end section, between the red rear section and the green or white middle section, between the section and the nose, were divational walls, which on the outside gave a depression, so that each section could be taken apart separately.

It stayed with is for about two minutes, turning nor and then, so that I was able to view it from different angles, and then when I recognized the speed of 10,000 miles an hour, I moved toward the edge of our porch to get a better view, it took off up-ward with a flash of speed, which I could not follow with diamond and disappeared into the small light above.

Nothing occurred following the evening of October 5nd, Friday.

I didn't report the occurrence to the police, October 1, as I was fairly shaken up by what I had seen, and it never occurred to me to report it at once. Besides I had flown away, and they would have just had my word that a had seen there, if any of the others were there, so I came in and nervously went to bed.