The page contains a black and white photograph of a document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT." The document contains text, which appears to be a report on the sighting of an unidentified object in Silver Springs, Maryland. Below is the OCR transcription of the text on the document:

---
AF FORM 112 -PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948
(CLASSIFICATION)

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Director of Intelligence 
Headquarters Command, USAF

REPORT NO.
2-53

PAGE
1
PAGES
1

1. Report of sighting an unidentified object submitted by Mr. [REDACTED] of Silver Springs, Maryland.

2. Mr. [REDACTED] reported seeing a spheroid shaped silver object, appearing approximately 6 to 8 feet in diameter, looking something like the pictures of [REDACTED] he had seen in the newspaper.

3. Mr. [REDACTED] saw the object when coming out of his home. The object appeared to be gliding at about 300 feet over a house across the street, and was gliding parallel to Colesville Road, a southwesterly direction, and seemed to land in an adjacent golf course, the Indian Spring Country Club. The object did not give off any light, although it was very bright. He saw the object for approximately 1 second.

4. The manner of observation was ground to air, and was visual. No aids were used.

5. Time and date of sighting was approximately 1930 hours on 30 September 1953. Light conditions were the tones of a very clear night.

6. The location of the observer was 39° north by 77° west.

7. Identifying information of the observer, Mr. [REDACTED] is as follows:

Mr. [REDACTED], age 36, address [REDACTED], Silver Springs, Maryland, the estimate of reliability is unknown, his occupation is that of owner of the Capital Equipment Company, business phone NO 7-3286.

8. Weather conditions at the time of the sighting were very good, ceiling was high, visibility was clear, no cloud cover and thunderstorms in the area.

9. A Mr. W. Cooper, also prevalent in that area, Mr. Cooper saw a plane fly by 20 minutes after [REDACTED] to the unidentified object, and stated that this object definitely not a plane or flying disc.

10. It is noted by Albert E. Hutchinson Jr., 2d Lt. USAF, Director of Intelligence Headquarters Command, USAF, Investigating Officer, that Mr. [REDACTED] sighted the above-reported object, and that it was unlikely that it was of flight characteristic. Investigations have found that a meteor was seen by persons in [REDACTED] at approximately the time of sighting. This is the only compelling information given from any source.

---
