There are no photographs present on this page of the document. The content is all handwritten or printed text with some drawings.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

---

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

     oa stationery 

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 
                    feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length? 

(Circle One):   a. Head of a pin                      g. Silver dollar
                         b. Pea                                  h. Baseball
                         c. Dime                                 i. Grapefruit
                         d. Nickel                               j. Basketball
                         e. Quarter                              k. Other
                         f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22. 
            a. Certain
            b. Fairly certain
            c. Not very sure
            d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? faded out if going straight away

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

When first sighted the object appeared to be a weather balloon. But on observation the object appeared to be at a very high altitude with the same appearance as a weather balloon.

UNCLASSIFIED

---

(There may be some minor errors due to the handwritten nature of parts of the text.)