There is no photograph present in the provided document page. 

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
AISOE, 1006th AISS, 8 Oct 57, Subj: Processing of Reports of Unidenti- 
fied Flying Object Sightings

Commander, Air Defense Command, for the investigations. Since ATIC 
bas sources of information other than the 1006th AISS, ATIC actually 
requires fewer investigations than the 1006th AISS normally conducts.

3. DISCUSSION: The procedures as outlined in paragraphs 3b 
and 3c above were a duplication of effort by ATIC and the 1006th AISS. 
As has been shown above, the UFOB Index Card (Inclosure 1) is in use 
both by ATIC and this organization. Ordinarily, if the analysis 
of the 1006th AISS disagrees with that of ATIC, the analysts at ATIC 
will accept their own analysis. Furthermore, any investigation that 
is conducted without a requirement by ATIC is a waste of time and 
effort. Thirdly, disseminating the time spent by headquarters' personnel 
of the 1006th AISS in processing the UFOB reports throughout the 
detachments, is a big full time job for one man to process the UFOB 
reports for the entire organization. In addition, secretarial 
and executive personnel normally necessary for administrative functions 
are required to spend time on the squadron UFOB program.

4. RECOMMENDATIONS:

a. It is recommended that the 1006th AISS be relieved of 
the responsibility for routine processing of the written UFOB reports 
written UFOB reports (all reports submitted in other than message 
form) received by Air Defense Command would be forwarded directly 
to ATIC. ATIC would request such investigations as desired, giving 
necessary details of the sightings in the requests. This organization 
would then conduct the investigation and report the results in 
accordance with current procedures.

b. The above recommendations could be carried out by 
administrative agreement. No change in existing regulations is 
necessary.

1 Incl
UFOB Index Card

Copy furnished: 
Comdr, ATIC

JOHN W. MEADOR 
Colonel, USAF 
Commander
```