The image contains a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not appear to contain any photographs. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM COMMAND: 212C2 U.S. Air Force
LOCATION: Ramore, Ontario, Canada
DATE: 17 AUGUST 1953
The following is a more detailed report on a FLYCBAFT transmitted by teletype on 17 August 1953:
1. At about 2235 EDT on 6 Aug 1953, an unidentified object was seen in the sky by at least seven persons of this organization. The first person to see the object was a pilot returning from a flight. He reported seeing what appeared to be an aircraft approaching on a rapid descent down to about 2,000 feet. As it came nearer, the object was definitely not an aircraft, but appeared to be circular in shape and giving off a brilliant light. The object hovered for a short while, then disappeared. It was not seen again. Speed and distance could not be determined. A definite outline was observed. No sound was detected.
2. The object was first seen at about 2235 EDT, 16 August 1953, and it was observed for approximately 15 to 20 minutes.
3. The object was observed from the surface by visual means only. Although a search was made with binoculars, no targets were observed on the scope before, during and after visual observations.
4. The observers were located about three and six miles west of the town of Ramore, Ontario. The object was first observed at the east end of the runway of the airfield and then disappeared. It was hovering very low on the horizon. It disappeared after about 15 minutes when the lights and haze on the horizon made it difficult to keep it in sight.
5. Although the statements made by the witnesses differ slightly, all the witnesses are considered reliable. They hold positions of responsibility in the organization and their statements were made in the same consideration and thought.
6. Weather was clear, wind's left unknown.
7. Position of object not known.
8. There is no physical evidence of the sighting.
9. Visual observation reported to appropriate 6GI Squadron immediately.
10. No air traffic detected in area before, during and after sighting.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED