The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which includes text only.

Transcription of the text:

RESTRICTED

Objects don't forward is as an unidentified flying objects. To be very frank about this subject, ATIC receives many reports which cover a great many reports that we consider to be genuine unknown objects. This only goes up channel and at times has approached being serious. Yet it is obvious that the intelligence officers who handle such matters any effort to determine whether or not there were any balloons in the area, etc. We realize that in some cases a wire was sent immediately upon receiving the report for "shot and then ask questions". However, in any observations in many cases the time of the sighting and the time the wire report was sent to pick up a phone and check the tower, CAA radio, the weather station, radar, etc. To evaluating the source.
 
As in all intelligence matters, the source is extremely important. We know perfectly is a strong element in this subject. Although we maintain that almost everyone who reports actually has seen something, at times they unconsciously let their imagination twist the facts. It is very difficult, if not impossible, to set down any rule to use in evaluating a source. Sometimes you can talk to a person and learn that they are very imaginative. We go a lot on the person's background, age and sex. An airline pilot may see a vapor trail that to a housewife is a flying saucer, possibly enhanced by the fact that she just read "Amazing Stories". This does not mean all housewives are poor sources, but category for category, commercial airline pilots are more reliable than housewives simply because they have seen a larger variety of things in the air and are naturally more prone to be conservative in reporting.

Balloons
When we receive a report, the first thing that we check it for is the possibility of its being a balloon, aircraft or astronomical body because these three objects give us the most trouble. To go into each of them a little more specifically, we will start with balloons.

RESTRICTED