There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

```
Hq, 4602d AISS, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colo. subj: Report of Visit of ATIC Representative

6. The following procedures were agreed upon:

a. In case a UFOB sighting is reported initially by non-Air Force sources in letter form to either ATIC or the 4602d AISS, the file card will be made in duplicate by the recipient, and one copy forwarded to the other agency. This card will indicate that the UFOB was reported by letter and will show the action taken.

b. ATIC will be forwarded a file card indicating the action taken by the 4602d AISS on preliminary reports transmitted to the 4602d by elec- trial means.

c. The results of follow-up field investigations made by the 4602d AISS and reported on AF Form 112 will, in all cases, be sent to ATIC, D/I USAF, and such other agencies as the Commander, 4602d AISS, deems necessary.

d. ATIC may require specific information for aid in analyzing a reported UFOB sighting which can be furnished by a field unit of the 4602d AISS. Provided travel is not involved, ATIC may contact the appro- priate unit directly. In case ATIC desires detailed investigation or action which would necessitate travel, request will be made by ATIC to the Commander, 4602d AISS.

e. File cards reflecting action taken or conclusions reached by ATIC on either a preliminary or follow-up UFOB report will be sent to Commander 4602d AISS under the following circumstances:

(1) When conclusions of ATIC relative to identification of the sighting are at variance with those reached by 4602d AISS.

(2) When additional action is initiated by ATIC following the completion of action by the 4602d AISS.

7. Exchange of information: As a result of the ATIC experience in the field of investigation of UFOB reports, information of a general inter- est was discussed during the visit of ATIC representatives and will be furnished to the 4602d AISS on a continuing basis. Examples of such infor- mation follow:

a. Grid cameras. Information relative to the present distribu- tion of grid cameras and changes in the current distribution.

b. Statistics. Consolidation of statistics reflecting trends,
```