There is no photograph present in the provided image. This appears to be a typed letter discussing UFO observations and related cases.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY
HOWARD L. BEVIS, PRESIDENT
COLUMBUS 10

EMERSON MCMILLIN OBSERVATORY
21 JULY 1953

1st Lt. Robert Olsson
ATAC - Wright-Patterson AFB

Dear Lt.:

This is quite a batch coming back at you. I think the idea of being in readiness with a press release is a good idea. I should like to have Dr. [redacted] comments on our pinchbottle cases.

In two cases here we are taking the liberty of sending out Form A6, with the request that the editor having informed to us an earlier possible astronomical significance, and would they oblige us by filling out the report. If you have any objection to this procedure let us know.

As to seeing you in the near future, I hope so too. Did you know I am sailing for Europe on August 28th? I would like to send you a postcard because I know of your interest in cosmic rays. But I must leave here by September 1st, so the only time we may get to see each other would be this coming week.

There appears to be only two possible pinchbottles in this last batch: The 21 June Okinawa and the 22 June Goose AFB. On both of these I should like to request a complete report and follow-up.

The Okinawa one may yet prove to be a balloon, though the evidence is against it. Object: Bright white and clearly distinguishing into cloud with relative velocity of 60 knots. I think the best thing to do is to wait for further data. I am asking Jen to handle both you and me on these follow-up bounces unless we are told some other way to proceed.

The Goose AFB also needs follow-up with special attention to the 9 questions on our Form 'Eyes'.

Now as to the others: we pass by with a smirk the little monkey man. As to the rarer 'Unger' cases: how come such an epidemic of balloons? Can't they tell a balloon from a hole in the ground? Most interesting of the Tinker batch was only 3rd. Glad to see that a camera was used. What did the pictures look like? And on the July 6th case, I must admit the observer.

On the others, the notes we have made on the forms I just about cover the case. We have some reference 'Tx's but we don't know to what they refer. They would probably be important only if they refer to our pinchbottle cases.

We have developed new comments and a careful analysis of what we think of this array rather quickly. Please give an indication of the only 6 cases of the handling and sightings worth following up. That either you or this office have on this method handled.

Cordially,