REPORT NO. [illegible]

[illegible], [illegible]
Phenix City, Ala., Gadsden, [illegible]
From: Air Force Base, Alabama

DATE: [illegible] OF D.C. BARIN

DETAILS: At approximately 2300 CDT, 25 August 1953, a 1920 or 1930-Model Oldsmobile driven
was notified by the Naval Intelligence Officer of the Airport of Sixes capacity unmanned-
ed object reported by a Mr. [illegible] of Gadsden, Alabama. The individuals in Gadsden,
[illegible], [illegible] and [illegible], and Mrs. [illegible]. The dates of the sightings
were from 31 July 1953 through 17 August 1953, inclusive.

The Intelligence Officer of the 1700A AC conducted an investigation and obtained
the following statements from the observers:

On 31 July 1953 at approximately 2300-2330 hours local time, Mrs. [illegible]
[illegible] [illegible] in Gadsden, Alabama, was or his way home in a Crosley moving North
on Fifthth Street when a flying object. The object was large and had a
field of vision through the windshield of his vehicle. In the controls, crossed
the highway and disappeared to the northwest. The object was traveling at a high
rate of speed on a slightly declining. The object climbed and passed a lighted
clearance color and duration of sighting was for only 2 or 3 seconds. No sound
was associated with the glow and did not appear to be a meteor or a shooting
star. The position of the object to the time of the UFO was about two miles
west of Gadsden, Alabama, latitude 33 degrees 24 minutes North, longitude 87 de-
grees 38 minutes West. Reliability 2-3.

On 1 August 1953 at 2330 hours local time, Mrs. [illegible] was getting
into her vehicle when she sighted the flying object. This object was on the west
side of the U.S. Highway from the residence to the northeast. A glowing set of
symbols. The object illuminated the airfield with that startling light it was yet a
family high altitude of which the object was not too far away from where it was
directly above. The object appeared to have a small of a height with a trailing
leading part an all color in the remaining parts. Eight ill apt possible
a motor or a shooting star and no sound was associated with the light. Duration
of the sighting was not been stated more than two minutes. The location of
the observer at the time of the sighting was in Gadsden, Alabama, latitude 33 de-
grees 26 minutes West, longitude 85 degrees 32 minutes West. Reliability 2-3.

On 2 August 1953 at 0030 hours local time, Mr. [illegible], Methodist
Preacher, was on his way home from Gadsden to Satsuma, Alabama when he sighted the
sighting. It showed an other color overall with its leading edge with a bluish color on the
leading edge which appeared to be curved like the circumference of a basketball
and gave the impression blurred and tapered toward its rear. The object was head-
ing from the north in a straight and level flight with a small to Drier direction
on the east side at a high altitude. Subject stated that he could not estimate
altitude so he guessed that it was 8,000-9,000 feet ASL. It appeared to be fairly
large in size with a swiftly sounding speed of about 400 mph. Speeds were estimated
speed was estimated to be much faster than jet aircraft seem in this area.
Individual stated he has knowledge of meteorites and that the object was neither
a meteor nor a shooting star. Observer did not see any aircraft in the
area at the time of the sighting. Location of the observer at the time of the
sighting was at Gadsden, Alabama, latitude 33 degrees 26 minutes North, longitude 87 degrees North, longitude 85 degrees 38 minutes West. Reliability 2-3.

On 3 August 1953 at 1600-1730 hours local time, Mrs. [illegible] stated
to her that part that she sighted the sighting of a single in Gadsden or a Crosley in

[Note: The document appears heavily redacted with blacked-out sections and contains multiple sections in a bracket on the right side of the middle portion of the page.]