There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from 1953 regarding a reported sighting of an unidentified object in the sky over Sweden on December 19, 1953.

The text of the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM (LOCATION): CIA ATASCINE, ROME, ITALY
DATE OF REPORT: 7-14-54
REPORT NO.: IR-H-54
PAGE: 1 of 2 PAGES

TRANSLATIONS:
LA PROVINCIA - CREMONA
19 DECEMBER 1953

IS THIS MYSTERIOUS OBJECT SEEN IN THE SKY OF SWEDEN
A SOVIET MISSILE OR A RADIO-GUIDED AIRCRAFT?

Stockholm, 18. A Swedish pilot and his mechanic who saw yesterday the mysterious missile in the sky of Sweden have considerably declared that the object was absolutely not a Swedish military plane.

They said: "I was sitting in the right seat of the DC-3 cockpit and could clearly observe the missile approaching to approximately 10 seconds. And so on what I could note, the object was not round or circular or elliptic shape. It had a light color between silvery and luminous."

To the question as of how he could determine the speed of the missile, which they had about 30 minutes - once again, according to the pilots, there were no persons aboard and no sound was heard. According to their estimation, the speed of the object had reach was several times the speed of light.

The Swedish General Staff is a carefully studying all the declarations and reports which have reached yesterday. They maintain that the spotted object is a missile (russian) provided with teleavision cameras and that it carried out a functional test while approaching the Swedish territory from the western side. 

He has been ascertained, for sure that it was not a military Swedish aircraft, not even a balloon loaded with leaflets, but available information makes this hypothesis also scarce.

A spokesman of the General Staff has reminded that Capt. ... and his mechanic are absolutely reliable and that the U.F.O. seen by them in the Swedish Air Force area are absolutely reliable.

The O.F.C.I.C.I. also said that the traces recorded by radar ground stations cannot be considered as mysterious or contradictory reports about unidentified objects overflying under uncertain trajectories. Many of such signals are not identified and precision necessary for such reports is lost in the normal routine of operational duty.