There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be the front page of a newspaper called "The Ottawa Evepost" with a headline about a "SAUCER STATION" and government backing of a "Shirley Bay Site To Plot 'Objects'".

OCR Text Output:
THURSDAY CLOUDY GOLDBIgth yeaR-2841
THE OTTAWA EVEPOST OTTAWA.WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1-1...
"SAUCER" STATION
Government Backs Shirley Bay Site To Plot 'Objects'
By RICHARD JACKSON
The Dominion Observatory here, first in the world, will become a "saucer" sighting station, responsible for obtaining and installing the electronic instruments used in plotting the movements of the "flying saucers," it was announced today.
The establishment, operating under the Department of Mines and Technical Surveys, Telecommunications Division, will be the first Government-approved "saucer" watch station.
Responsible for establishing the station are Dr. J. A. Curr, director of the Dominion Observatory, Ottawa, and Maurice Sinclair, superintendent of the radio section at the observatory.
One of the things that intrigues the establishment is the coincidence of their coincidence of their coincidence of their operations commencing with the sudden increase in observation of the so-called flying saucers.
The station has an appropriate radio telescope and a network of direction-finding antennae designed to home in on any radiation source in the heavens, the whole system being remarkably similar to the equipment used in radar
it can distinguish the signals of the "saucers" from ordinary celestial noises or atmospherics and can measure the speed, direction and altitude of the "saucers."
The Shirley Bay station will turn over its findings to the military Telecommunications Division to prove "definite proof" of the existence of the "flying saucers" and the nature of their movements.

"Alien Thing" From Mars?

One of the things that intrigues the establishment is the coincidence of their operations commencing with the sudden increase in observation of the so-called flying saucers.