The document page does not contain any photograph.

Here is the OCR output of the text on the page:

```
FINAL CONCLUSICNS UNCLASSIFIED

In the absence of what might be called truly scientific data, and in
the absence of photographs or other tangible evidence, the facts as stated
by about a score of observers separated by 220 miles, are open to 2 widely
opposed interpretations.

One is, that an aircraft was originally sighted, second, that the
object observed at the zenith was a meteor, third, that the object in the
north-east was a star, fourth, that quite coincidentlly the radar showed re­
fleetion blips, fifth, that the pilots were chasing stars, sixth, that an
experiment of some sort was going on in Bismarck, evidence for which is entirely
unobtainable from local sources, and that the experiment was instigated at
precisely the time that the other set of strange coincidences 220 miles away
caused the Bismarck Center to be started.

This, if is am explanation, but one which appears to strain the
concept of coincidence to is ex x m™" Even were the Bismarck incident alone
it would be worthy of xmxteaaasix, but fitting as it does into the pattern of the
total happenings of that night, it is rather phenomenal.

The other nteimieta¥i o of course, that unknown aircraft, with the
term very broadly defined, were active in the area.

Thelack of cleaning data at a time like this is particularly deplorable.
If, for instance, a Cessna had been available at Bismack to make the trip of a
few miles to see what the lights were, it would have settled a lot. However, as
has been pointed out, perhaps the lights hovered in the Bismarck area because they
ware not ptu cxieed, whereas in the Rapid City area they showed extremely rapid
motion on the radar because of pursuit. Further, the ground observers stated with
utter conviction, that when the jets were up, the lights went out, and as soon as
the jets were out of the way the lights reappeared. The tire incident, in the
opinion of this observer, had too much of an twenty weetiexeal flever to eanfoct.

DOWNGRADEDAT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS;
DOD DIR 5200.10
                                                                                  
UNCLASSIFIED
```