There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Text:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

He stated that [REDACTED] was excitable, and that the radar gunsight in his plane which had locked on was probably malfunctioning. He gave the appearance to me of one who is trying to back out of an unpleasant situation. He did not wish to commit himself on anything, and gave the impression that the less he heard of it in the future the better. This may be because he felt he had not himself adequately in pursuing the so-called object. At the time of the pursuit, however, it must be stated that he had had only 12 hours of night flying experience. He substantiated the point that on moonless nights, it is impossible to have a horizon cleft and that any light that is seen generally appears to be in motion. [REDACTED] had sent three radar men from the radar room to take a visual look. The general opinion as to the competency of these men varies. There seems to be enough evidence that they are not particularly reliable, and although they stated in signed statements that they had seen objects moving around, it is impossible to evaluate the correctness of these statements. All three men since have been honorably discharged from the service and could not be located for questioning.

As far as the Rapid City sightings are concerned, we have a train of circumstances which, if entirely coincidental, are remarkable indeed. Even if we grant that the original sighting was an aircraft, which is stoutly denied by the observer, and that the 2nd object was a star, which is equally denied by the observers, it appears odd that of all the nights for the radar to show strange blips it would be on that night. The testimony of the pilots had best be omitted, since it can be taken positively or negatively with equal ease. The alerting of the Bismarck Center at that critical time and their sighting the object(s) is also most coincident. It will go down in the annals of improbability if the entire incidents were unrelated and the product of mistaken identification.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
---

(Note: Redacted information is indicated as [REDACTED])