The image provided is a scanned page of a document, and there are no photographs on this page.

Here is the text contained in the document:

---
THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY
Howard L. Bevis, President
COLUMBUS 10

EMERSON MCMILLIN OBSERVATORY

19 May 53

1st Lt. Robert Olsson
Wright-Patterson AFB.

Dear Lt. Olsson;

This is a belated report on the last batch which I received at the end of April.

Just as soon as our plans for employing Miss [redacted] officially go through, I shall be able to send you a sheet with comments on each individual case, so that you will have my comments on each folder. The letter method has obvious drawbacks. But until that time comes and she can handle my typing and completion of forms, I had better stick to this letter method. 

In this latest batch we have only 4 really interesting cases. I might mention a 5th, 26 March 53, Scott AFB, which is the 1st report I've seen of an honest to goodness mirage. 6 Cases have only one observer and I'm following my usual rule of discounting those.
8 April was a meteor.
The Great Falls (3 April) case was Venus if reported time[f] was in error.
28 March Albrook AFB was pr(obably Venus. .
30 March Johnson, and 30 March Layle, Wash., are puzzling but could possibly have been balloons.
The 8-April Greenland case was an obvious meteor.
This brings us to the interesting cases:
25 March San Antonio could hardly have been a mirage and I'm surprised there was no radar pickup. Was there any aircraft like helicopters that might explain this. Anything more come in on this one? Don't think this is good enough for a pinch-bottle but it should be listed as Nocturnal meandering light.
29 March Spooner, Wisc! Diurnal motion times need checking here. Hard to believe that object could have gone all that in 15 seconds. An interesting case and one of the regular question[aires] should be sent to Mr. Gillette.
Like wise the 12 April F(o?)t Knox AFB, I think this is the most interesting case of the batch, and I hope you received more. I hope on it. Questionnaires should be sent. I'd like to see Menzel explain this one! Is there any possibility that these could have been aircraft? Apparently, ducks have been eliminated.
As [crossed out text unintelligible] the 26 March Magusser AFB [?]th NL, the data are [too?] trajec[?] [crossed out text unintelligible]. Perhaps this was a helicopter? We ought to [crossed out text unintelligible] have much more information on this one. Has this been received?

[Signature]

[Redacted Footer Information]

---

Please note that certain words or parts of the text have been redacted or are illegible in the scanned document, which I've acknowledged with [redacted] or by interpreting punctuation or unclear letters as best as possible within the context.