There is no photograph present in this scanned document. The image shows a page of text that appears to be from a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document is as follows:

The balloon will change direction with wind and will appear to be on a jerky, zig-zag-zag course. Since most people observing these balloons do not have any reference point in the sky, the balloons appear to be moving very much faster than they really are. At dawn or dusk a balloon can appear to be a fiery red, circular shaped object in the sky. The reason for this is that the balloon is picking up the slanted rays of the sun, exactly the same as a cloud will pick up the sun's rays in a sunset. It may be that if the balloon is high enough, it can be dark on the ground but it will be sunset at altitude.

Some balloons carry radar reflectors or metallic loads capable of giving a radar return. The clue to this is that they will be traveling with and at the same speed as the wind at their altitude.

Aircraft, as aircraft, do not give us a great deal of trouble. It is when they are high and reflecting sunlight or leaving a vapor trail that they are most often misrecognized. Similar to the situation with balloons, a vapor trail will appear to glow at dawn or dusk. Many times the aircraft leaving the vapor trail cannot even be seen, however, the vapor will appear to be a bright fiery red streak of flame in the sky. Formations of aircraft reflecting the sunlight can very often appear as a formation of disc-shaped objects. At times the reflection will suddenly diminish causing the objects to look like they were either moving rapidly out of sight or just disappearing.

ATIC does not have a satisfactory system for checking aircraft. This is because flight service and CAA does not keep a permanent record of aircraft flights very long after the aircraft has landed. Therefore, it is up to the officer receiving the report from the observer to thoroughly check aircraft movements immediately. He may check these through the control tower, through Flight Service, through CAA radio.