There is no photograph included in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book report.

Performing optical character recognition on the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
the time of sighting was 7-54 observer aircraft (rapra-b-2) which was at an altitude of 13,500 feet. the sighting was visible from other aircraft. For weather sightings see paragraph 3 observer believes this sighting to be due to the aircraft in question was orbiting in an area. For preparing officer's evaluation see paragraph 9.
4. The following information was elicited from further interrogation of a-4 radar observer of 7-54 and observer of sighting:
a. This sighting was made during the same flight at approximately 7-54 observer aircraft was at altitude 25,000 ft, heading 320 degrees, air speed 410 knots. This was approximately 30 miles south-east of Thule air force base. The object appeared to be metallic and bright as object previously sighted. Object appeared to be the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length. On the first sighting the object was below and south of observer aircraft. As the observer aircraft approached the object it disappeared at an extremely high rate of speed to the east over the horizon. For weather and wind conditions see paragraph 3. The only know traffic in the area at the time were observer aircraft.
5. The following information was elicited from further interrogation of a-4 radar observer of 7-54 and observer of sighting:
a. This sighting was made during the same flight at approximately 7:54. observer aircraft was at altitude 25,000 ft, heading 320 degrees, air speed 430 knots. this was approximately 40 miles east of thule air force base. the object was first observed on a-4 radar at a distance of 30 miles. the object was traveling at a high rate of speed and made a slight course change from due east to east-northeast. the object was at approximately 15,000 ft altitude and approximately 3 miles distant from the observer aircraft. straight and level at a speed estimated at 600 knots. the object disappeared from a-4 radar briefly and then reappeared. the observer saw it for approximately 3 seconds in a slightly downward trajectory just before going out. the object was silver or light grey in color. no vapor trail was observed and no sound was heard. the only known traffic in the area at the time were observer aircraft.
UNCLASSIFIED