There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image is a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

The following information was elicited in interrogation of D. D. Irving, Captain, pilot of F-94 and observer of sighting reported in paragraph 3:

2. The following information was elicited in interrogation of observers at Thule Air Base, Greenland.
a. Observers were on an airborne training mission at the time of sighting. Approach heading was from west to east at approximately 30,000 feet. The object was first observed at about 43 miles in front of the aircraft, giving the impression of being at a great distance. The object appeared to be approximately the size of an orange on the windshield. 
b. The object was observed to be cigar-shaped, white in color, with an apparent size of approximately 4 feet in length and 2 feet in diameter. The object was observed to be in level flight and was closing in on the aircraft at an extremely rapid rate of speed. The closing rate was approximately 1 mile per 1 to 1.5 seconds. The object approached to within 1 mile of the aircraft before changing direction and streaking upward out of sight. The flight path of the object was described as straight and level to a point within 1 mile of the aircraft, then a steep climb of approximately 70 to 80 degrees to the vertical with no change in speed evident. The object was observed for a total time of approximately 20 seconds.
c. Communications facilities (GCA, CPN, etc.) and other possible informative measures were brought to bear on the sighting, but no additional information of a confirming nature could be obtained.
3. The following information was elicited from further interrogation of D. D. Irving, Captain, pilot of F-94 and observer of sighting reported in paragraph 3:
a. This sighting was made during the same flight at approximately 250 knots at a position approximately 45 to 55 miles south southeast of Thule Air Base, Greenland, heading 1300 speed. The size of the object was estimated to be the size of a first magnitude star. The flight path of the object was described as straight and level until it turned at a point approximately 1 mile from the aircraft, then a steep climb of approximately 70 to 80 degrees to the vertical at a speed which the pilot turned in a general direction of object but lost it due to its extreme speed. The pilot turned the aircraft in the direction of the object but could not regain visual contact. The pilot burned in a general direction of the object for approximately 1 minute with no visual contact re-established.