There is no photograph present on the given page.

Text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSI ED

She alerted the Filter Center, and they immediately notified the 
ADG radar at Ellsworth AF3. The base is located about 10 
east of Black Hawk and Black Hawk is about 7 miles NW of Rapid City. Three 
posts therefore formed a triangle and it is most unfortunate that at any 
given time objective observers were not present to give directions. No such 
observations exist, and the distances of these objects, if present at all, 
are indeterminate.

Miss next states that she saw an objdirectly overhead 
which moved very rapidly to the north. She was the only one who saw this, 
however, and it is possible, in my opinion, that might have been a 
meteor. She of course, no; she meteor 
At about that time she got into her cand went over to the Aldren 
farm, about 3/h mils away. She went over after the object had disappeared 
to pay a neighbors call and tell them what she had seen. As she was talking 
to Mrs. Aldren it was the latter who sighted the second, or really the third 
object. It's position is indicated in Fig. 11. Note the closeness to the 
horizon. This obj not was starlike, and in my opinion could 
very well have been the star Capella. It remained in approximately the same 
position, they state, ov der two hours. The Aldren boys and the elder Aldren 
were inside, would pay no attention to the talk of the women outside who 
said they saw some strange object. told me that he felt the women 
were just seeing things. Finally, he came out and became convinced that some 
object was present. He is shown in Fig. 11 pointing to the approximate posi . on 
of the object. Certainly there are a lot of open spaces 0 
ocate objects.

In the meantime, the original sighting of the object shown in Fig. 9 
and ic had betas reported to the radar stensr, and showing unknown 
blips appeared on the scope, Lt. Stockham was up on CAP at the tils. having

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTEVA 
DECLASSIF EDMIL
70D IRB 1200_'_

15 h427

UNCLASSIFIED 
```