There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR text of the document:

---
5 August 1953

  UNCLASSIFIED

Description

Since this sighting was a combined air-visual, ground-visual, air-radar, and ground-radar report, it was decided that Project Blue Book would send an investigator to the scene. The controller on duty at the time of the incident was interviewed. His account of the incident was almost identical to that given in the initial TMX. He was on duty at 2005 MST when a GOC post observer called in an unidentified flying object sighted northeast of her post at Blackhawk, South Dakota. (Note: Sunset 1920 MST — Twilight 33 minutes.) She reported through the Rapid City Filter Center. She reported that the object was stationary, then moved south toward Rapid City. When the controller got the report that the object or light was headed toward Rapid City, he sent 3 airmen from the radar site to look for it visually. They reported a light moving from generally north to south at a high rate of speed. At this time the controller observed a blip going south on the scope. He could not get a distinct track because of ground clutter in the area. In a few minutes the GOC post in Blackhawk called in that the light was back in nearly its original position. An airborne F-84 was vectored into the area and after a search made visual contact. The F-84 was vectored into the blip that was remaining stationary at about 5 miles northeast of Blackhawk. The controller said that he believed the F-84 pilot saw the target and was closing scope. Shortly after the visual sighting by the pilot, the target started to move on a heading of about 320 degrees magnetic. Two good blips were obtained. Photos of this track were taken but the camera malfunctioned and the photos were no good. The blip disappeared at 70 miles and at that point the aircraft was returned to the base. The GOC observer reported seeing the aircraft and the object, and both were moving. The object seemed to be out-distancing the F-384. As soon as he F-84 landed, another F-84 took off for CAP. Just about this time, the Blackhawk GOC post called the third time stating that the object was back again. Nothing was on the scope (there was possibly a target in the ground clutter), so the F-84 was vectored in on the visual report. The pilot soon got a visual and started an intercept. About that time, the controller picked up both an unknown target and the F-84. Both were on a heading of about 360 degrees magnetic. The blip seemed to stay about 5-10 miles ahead of the F-84. The chase continued until the aircraft was about 80 miles out, then the intercept was broken off. The target continued off the scope. At this time the Bismarck Filter Center was alerted to look for unidentified flying objects. When the pilot got back over the base, he saw another blip. This was not picked up on the scope, but the controller got a return on the height finder equipment in the general direction of the sight, it was 8000 feet. At 0023 MST, Bismarck began to call in reports.

The pilot who was on the first CAP was interviewed next. He stated that he had been making passes at a B-36 north of Rapid City when GOT called and said they had a target west of Rapid City. He searched for
UNCLASSIFIED

753-11156

20

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DoD DIR 5200.19
---