There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

"NO CASE" (INFORMATION ONLY)
-2-

FOUR MYSTERY PHOTOS OF HOVERING OBJECT
REVIEWED ATAT[IC - THEN SILENT

The identification of aerial objects in photographs is sometimes difficult, -- especially so when the photographer is unknown and cannot be contacted for amplification or details.

Such was the case recently. On Feb. 12, 1954 this writer received in the mail four photographs reportedly received by the [town name in text] concerning a reported [town name] sighting of an unidentified aerial object on or about February 5, 1954.  Each of the four photos show the object about 200 ft. above a ridge of trees.

Picture #1 shows a blickish cloud like speck or object accompanying an apparent metallic object. The tape-measured portion of the object is illuminated by a bright light while the opposite end is in darker illumination. This seems unusually characteristic -- which, according to the observer, "seemed to be coming from the bottom of the object." No sounds reported as coming from the object.

Picture #2 a shows a blickish cloud like speck or object about 40 feet in diameter in the center of the octogon-shaped object. In view is a flat octagon-shaped object about 200 ft. in diameter. The manner in which the object is propelled is indicated by the fact that it was moving (4 mph) against the wind.

Many questions remain, but all attempts to contact the witness have failed. His name apparently identifiable only as "[town name in text]," but he added "if the photos proved of value," he could be reached through the P.O. Box [town name]. However, got no results.

I next visited the Air Force Office of Special Investigations who promptly phoned [town name] Police Department and obtained a description of the photos, and, being adequately evasive to my questions, they accomplished both!

There were various other steps taken to procure comment. On the surface of one photo, Lab Technicians had applied a glossy colloidal substance to the edges from which I should obtain data definitive analysis. Summarily, the object's identity remains UNKNOWN. At first glance, this writer was convinced that the "octagon-shaped" portion of a self-dis-integrating type of balloon, but a framework minus its balloon would not now account for its presence. Photographic analysis disclosed that the device could be the framework of a "calibrating" balloon, used in conjunction with the updraft to such thin rarity density devices, not a balloon, but some instrument or photographic means of measuring atmospheric conditions and temperature at high altitudes. But once again, what of the object's curved upward course, and its flying against the wind, continues the inflated balloon?