There does not appear to be any photograph present on this page. The image appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archives, specifically a report on a UFO sighting in Darlington, Wisconsin on May 31, 1953.

UNCLASSIFIED

Darlington, Wisconsin 31 May 1953

I. DESCRIPTION
Between 0320 CST and 1130 CST on 31 May 1953, eleven persons in the Darlington-Wisconsin sighted an unidentified aerial object. The object appeared as a steady white light coming generally out of the East and disappearing to the high overhead after a period of continuous observation. It appeared low on the Eastern horizon, much brighter than the surrounding stars. It was reported to hover and then move in various directions with incredible speed, leaving no trail. A deluge pursued the object in their squad car without gaining any noticeable ground. 

II. DISCUSSION
A newspaper account of the sighting came to the attention of ATIC and as a result an officer and an airman were sent to the area of the sighting. They interviewed the various witnesses and obtained a variety of reports. Estimates of azimuth and elevation readings were obtained from different observers at various locations in Darlington for several spaced time intervals during the 8 hour period. The description of the object varied, however, some stating the object rose slowly, others noting it appeared to suddenly dart across the sky. The fact that it was too bright to be a star and moreover it was seen in the daytime.  

It was determined that the path of the object in question across the sky, its position at disappearance and disappearance, vary considerably from that observed at 0330 CST when it was seen at its approximate maximum brilliancy. Under ideal weather conditions it can be seen in the daytime, although its light is less. The fact that GOC personnel first sighted it at night and had the object photographed for daylight observation allowed them to observe the object through several intervals. Reports that the object was accelerating or decelerating the observer could not distinguish if the object was simply flashing or spinning. If Venus is starred at for any length of time without any blinking its object points at can appear to perform erratic maneuvers.

GOC personnel alerted the Chicago filter center and jets were scrambled to investigate. This was during daylight observation and the jets, although recognizing the object by visual direction, were unable to locate the unknown.

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
T53-7362 SECRET