The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

DETAILS:

1. AS of 1943 hours on 23 February 1953, Agent LOUIS G. HENDERSHOTT, this district, received information from an individual that he had observed an unidentified object in the skies over Bayside, New York, at approximately 0130 hours 23 February 1953. He advised that he could see no markings on the object. 

AT NEW YORK, NEW YORK

- On 24 February 1953, Agent HENDERSON interviewed a witness at this office on the 18th floor of 67 Broad Street, New York City. This witness, who did not wish to be identified, stated that he had observed the same object the previous day. The description of the object is as follows:

SHAPE - no recognizable shape was described. Inasmuch as the object was considerable distance, this description is understandable.

SIZE - Size of the object was estimated by the witness to be three (3) or four (4) times the size of the star "Polaris".

COLOR - The witness described the color as being an off-yellow with an orange tinge and very brilliant, about three (3) or four (4) times brighter than what is normally seen of the star "Polaris".

NATURE - Only one object was observed.

DYNAMIC FEATURES - Because of the fact that he only observed a light, could not determine if any aerodynamic features, nor did he see any trail, exhaust, or propulsion system connected with this unidentified flying object.

SPEED - Subject did not linger, nor could he estimate the speed of the object. However, he did state that it appeared to travel at a very rapid rate.

SOUND - No sound was heard.

MANEUVERS - The object appeared to travel horizontally in a very low area, covering sixty (60) degrees of angular traverse during the time it was observed. The object is traveling through one sky, almost came to a stop near the zenith, and then proceeded to descend, disappearing below the horizon after approximately one half of the total time observed. After descending, it appeared to instantaneously hover and then start again on the same course. After disappearance, it did not reappear or come back within the vision of the witness.

MANNER OF DISAPPEARANCE - The witness stated that the light blinked out and was not seen again.