[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Wing Intelligence
Castle AF Base, California                                2         3

1. Description of Object: The observers, Central Fire Control gunner and right waist gunner on a B-50 type aircraft, noted a silver object in the wake of a C-82 type aircraft while they were under mock attack by a B-29 aircraft during a routine training mission. Positive observations indicated the object was observed in the slipstream behind the aircraft as a silver ball with possible flat surfaces evidenced by variations in reflections and characteristics. When the other observer bellowed it is on a plane like a disc, which first showed its circular side then its flat side. The object's apparent diameter was three (3) feet and its distance from the observers was estimated at twenty (20) miles. The ball appeared to remain stationary during the entire sighting. The object made no audible sound.

2. Time: Sighting began at 1100 hours, PST, 2 February 1953, and the object remained in view for approximately 5-7 (3) minutes thereafter.

3. Manner of Observation: The observation was made visually from the Central Fire Control gunner's position on top, the fuselage and from the right gunner's blister on the right side of the fuselage of a B-50 type aircraft. The only items utilized were unaided eyes. Attempt to obtain material evidence. Initial aberration was drawn by a Lt at the object was apparently silent. The two gunners were the only crew members to view the object from the aircraft.

4. Location: The observers were airborne at the time of sighting. The aircraft was cruising at 267 degrees and was in the vicinity of Victorville, California (approx. 34°34N 117 57W). The object was observed at 560 degrees, 40,000 to 43,000 feet in altitude, and approximately twenty (20) miles distant.

5. Observers:

   a. Technical Sergeant CARL Y. EDWARDS, USAF, the Central Fire Control gunner, has had fifty (50) hours flying time and has been in the Air Force for some (7) years. He is presently attached to the 330th Bombardment Squadron, 97d Bombardment Wing (M), Castle Air Force Base, California. He has not previously observed unidentified flying objects.

   b. Staff Sergeant KENNETH S. JOSLIN, USAF, the right gunner on the same crew as Edwards, has been on flying status since April, 1950 and has flown sixty (60) hours of flying time. His total time in the service has been five and one half (5½) years. Sergeant Joslin, also, has no previous sightings of unidentified flying objects.

6. Weather Conditions: Clear skies, with winds for the position being from 120 degrees at approximately twenty-five (25) knots.

7. Related Activities or Conditions: The navigator of this crew after extensive consultations concluded that the object was not a planet. There is, however, a possibility that the object sighted was a large plastic balloon or two small balloons have been seen in the vicinity. There are approximately seventeen (75) yards in diameter. They are used in classified experiments of which one being conducted in the vicinity. It is also very possible that another report which will substantiate this one will be submitted from one of the crew members who was in a crew that had a similar sighting, particularly the C-82, a some of these crew most closely

[handwritten: saw]

Associated. All evidence point for further investigation. Local dissemination action is formal reports.

[stamp: DOWNGRADED AT 2-YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS]