Cases in Air Force Files

5 copies per 31 Dec.
10 copies for
ATIC file, other
material to S. Pomeroy
9. P.O., BOX 503
to the first civilian
agency in question

FLYING SAUCER
REVIEW
9.P.O., BOX 503
BROOKLYN 1, NY

#7 Issue for January 1953
Printed October 11, 1952
Contains case summaries
needed. All typewritten copy
in this issue contributed
by the undersigned or as
indicated only through 6.

POLICY
5 months of Aircraft, Helicopter, U.F.O.-type, Meteors, Mirages, Maneuvers,
etc., of all the recent sightings from authentic sources. The authentic
etc., sources each opinion from scientific experts. The authentic
reports will be verified on the factual basis that they are issued by craft
or one or more extra-terrestrial races. Standards for studying reports are

CONTENTS
Section 1 - Listing of all reports in chronological order and comments.
Section 2 - Listing of the most interesting reports; this
Section 3 - Issue will cover several alleged landings or landing attempts
Section 4 - Breakdown of reports for possible patterns of behavior.
Section 4 - Crediting all newspapers and persons with aiding research.

PERFORMANCE OF CONVENTIONAL CRAFT (FOR REFERENCE ONLY)
Aircraft: All are T-shaped, none circular only a dozen flying wing types
in flight, only helicopter can hover, but very few available today
Balloons: Can rise only a few thousand feet and drift with wind only
Only at local wind speed; cannot sharply maneuver; is not silvery.
Meteors: Duration about 3-6 seconds, 15 seconds rarest daytime reports
falling, leaving trail; no hovering reported.
Mirages: Rare for few minutes only, all are tubular in shape too.
Will over civilian areas, as control is too good; cannot hover.

JAN. 1951 - Section 1 Flying Saucer Reports
"No claim is made each report is absolutely authentic. It is impossible
to judge an eyewitness's integrity or critical ability from a small news
clipping, printed several thousand miles away on an object. However, one
can be reasonably sure that in the long run, the more sensible reports
which even criticism and viewpoint to the unusual and exceptional reports. It
over-confident with imagination to spell it out, clouds, or airplane something
it does not resemble. Those who play hunches, are too imaginative, or try
to attract attention, can usually be spotted in reports from their own
descriptions or exaggerations. The reports listed here apparently are those
of objects seen, and most of them were unfamiliar enough to the
observers to cause critical analysis. Only newspapers reports will be listed and
disregarded in the review, but eyewitness reports will be welcomed for our
files."

#1 CHICAGO, CONN. 8:15 PM. JAN 1 1951. A green plate from NE and was
silent. It flew below heavy explosion that shook entire town. Police could
not find any wreckage. Observers said it descended very steeply (Comment:
Guard could not locate any wreckage, ships in distress on Firms. (Comment:
Controlled meteors to this a thunder-like rumble, but is not rise into sky.

#2 WASHINGTON, D.C. JAN 1 1951, 9:55 PM 1830 hrs. (300 miles to the SW.)
A green flame on object with an orange tail, crossed
sky over Ft-Penn in 5 seconds. (Comment: the difference in time is too great,
The witnesses of this case, or fireball meteors are extremely rare, and this
also appears to be unverifiable as meteors.

#3 SAN FRANCISCO, Cal. JAN. 2, 1951, 12:20 Midnight. 12° 
 Whiteside. A huge
reddish-orange ovalish Lit us entire sky like daylight, and disappeared
vertically as well as it turned within a few miles west and was extremely
rapidly. Exploded in mid-air with blue, white, and red, explosion colors,
color an very a hit matter, but one report stated a "reddish-white