There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page of text, which appears to be an unclassified air intelligence information report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
UNCLASSIFIED

Det 42, AISS, APO 970
22 February 1953, a United States Marine Sergeant E-4 (code named John Huetek) on communications watch at the communication tent of the Cho-Do island Marine Communication Command, observed an object which assumed a falling star travel.
1. The object appeared to be completely unknown to him and was a bright light resembling a star. It was the most dazzling light and seemed to be followed by a distinct tail similar to that of a small comet. The steady white light was observed to a red light and from then on, at irregular intervals, to be blue and green in color. The light completely disappeared for short periods of time.
2. Upon recovering from his surprise, Sergeant Huetek called in his observations to the United States Marine Corps. MARINE OPERATIONAL DISASTER reports that Sergeant Huetek observed and reported what he could only describe, from his limited experience, as a "flying saucer".
3. Sergeant Huetek phoned his observations into the USMC Command Post.
4. When I was informed of the sighting, I called Kodak and inquired as to whether they had any satellite shots showing in time's time-frames to the northeast. They replied in the negative and informed me that there had been an air-gap in the area during that time.
5. Today, during a conversation between Major XXXXXX, USMC Commander and Major xxxx, USMC Commander, it was stated that approximately the same phenomenon was observed by the two (2) Marines.
6. Since one (1) of the
 additives of the sighted object was that it remained stationary while holding an altitud, in addition to showing light and maneuverability, and there was no sound, as one would expect from a propeller driven aircraft. Further, during the sighting, all witnesses testified, there was no sound, as one would expect from a propeller driven aircraft.