There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The text in the document has been captured as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

T.R.36-53

The following information on an unidentified flying object was submitted to this office:

1. The object appeared to be a reddish ball of fire. Approximately three times the size of an aircraft, it was observed for a period of approximately 4 seconds. The speed of the object was described as considerably faster than that of jet aircraft and it left no trail of smoke or other visible indication of its observation.

2. The sighting occurred shortly after 2100 hours on 11 August 1953. The length of the sighting was described as only a matter of seconds.

3. This was a visual sighting.

4. Radar, 1/44077N, was also said to have picked up the object and at the same time, as witnessed by the observers, the object appeared to change direction and course rapidly, moving from a northerly direction and out toward the southeast, parallel to the ground and at a high rate of speed.

5. Major Swicnard is an aircraft observer and believed very reliable. He was studying the atmospheric disturbance which had been identified. The disturbance created a somewhat 'flickering' of the object when first observed. Major Swicnard caught only a slight glimpse of the object, however, for a period of approximately 5 seconds. He did not recover the object on three other occasions, and did not report them because of fear of ridicule.

6. The weather at the time was described by Major Swicnard as very clear, cloudless with the only full of stars. However, there was no moon at the time of the sightings.

7. At 2100 hours, on the date of the observation, the Barksdale Weather Station released a weather balloon.

8. No fragments, photographs, etc., were obtained.

9. There was no known identifications apparent.

10. This is the apparent validity. Several unknown objects were reportedly observed on this occasion, but confirmed sightings were made by only one observer.