The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Ohio State University, specifically a letter from the Emerson McMillin Observatory dated May 29, 1953, addressed to 1st Lt. Robert Olsson of the Wright-Patterson AFB.

OCR text output:

THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY
HOWARD L. BEVIS, PRESIDENT
COLUMBUS 10
EMERSON MCMILLIN OBSERVATORY
29 May 53
1st Lt. Robert Olsson
Wright-Patterson AFB.
Dear Lt. Olsson:
This is a belated report on the last batch which I received at the end of April.
Just as soon as our plans for employing Miss Gluck officially go through, I shall be able to send you a sheet comments on each individual case, so that you will have my comments on each folder. The letter method is that till I can handle my typing and completion of forms, I had better stick to this letter method.
In this last batch were some extremely interesting cases, 1 might mention a 5th, 25 March 52, Scott APB, which is the 1st report I've seen of an honest to goodness mirage. (6 Cases included; only one observer and I'm following my usual rule of discounting those. 
6 April was a meteor--)
The Great Falls (2 April) case was Venus if reported clear was in error.
28 March Maybrook AFB was probably Venus.
31 March Richland, and 30 March Lyle, Wash., are puzzling but could possibly have been balloons.
The 4 April Greenland case was an obvious meteor. 
This leading to the investigating cause was a meteor and I'm surprised there was no radar pickup. Was there any aircraft like helicopters that might explain this? Don't think this is good enough
for a punch-bottle but it should be listed as Nocturnal Meandering Flight.
22 March Spooner: "Radar Scope Displays Checking Here." Need to believe that object could have done all that in 15 seconds. An interesting case and we should understand what the instrument operator meant to 15 Gillett.  I'm pressing ahead with the rest as soon as possible. In this case of the batch, and I hope you receive more data on it. Questionnaires should contd like to send Daniel explain this one! Is there any possibility this could have been some sort of duck's flock apparently? The radar on this one. Huasne AFB through the data are inconclusive. We ought to see have much more information on this one. Has this been received?