The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated December 6, 1953, regarding an incident observed in Hassleholm, Sweden.

Text transcription:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
CIIIFS STOCKHOLM, SWEDEN 
TR-13 PAGE 2 OF 3

On Thursday, November 26, 1953, at about 19.37 hours, a newspaper scientist observed an "unknown object". The following is the translation of his report:

"The chief pilot of Transair, Capt. Uno Gustafsson, and his crew, Ghter. Staffanson and Stingstrom, all saw the same strange object at about 19.37 hours while travelling in the opposite direction from their aircraft which was on an estimated speed of 240 milOE per hour, at an attitude of 3,000 meters. Johann Stensson, who had good silhouette recognition, stated that what he saw was something abnormal perhaps birdlike. 

"The Transair plane was automatic control when the sighting occurred, Capt. Gustafsson did not take any note of the object, but the pilot and others noticed it and gave a verbal warning, saying: 'Look there - a new thing - quoi?' The object, according to the witnesses was about half the size of their plane." 

"Previously, I have been extremely skeptical about all the stories of flying saucers and so on, and our experiences now have tended to confirm my skepticism. However, now I don't know exactly what to think but I did see, with my own eyes, this strange object which flew past our plane at incredible speed."

"The object had a strong metal shining appearance. The Pilot, Johann Stensson, who could - see it very clearly, said it seemed to be shaped like a sphere or an ellipse and was excellent above the clouds, which were at an altitude of about 3,500 meters. The object was descending rapidly. The color was silver."

"The first silhouette I got was generally from the right. It was narrow, when slightly elliptical.

"Carefully looking, we could definitely not have waste gases or condensation trails."

"Stensson is strange, but usually quite cautious, disciplined Captain Gustafsson. Stensson has been just about everything in aviation and has very good silhouette recognition. From 1938 to 1948 he was a volunteer serving in ground crews."