The image contains a page from a document titled "Project Blue Book" that appears to be an emergency procedure guide for search and rescue operations. The page includes an illustration depicting various visual emergency signals that can be used, such as hand signals, flares, and other methods to attract attention. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

SEARCH AND RESCUE

Search and Rescue Service is a life saving service provided through the combined efforts of the C.A.A., Air Force, and Coast Guard who are assisted by other organizations such as the Civil Air Patrol, Sheriff Police, and many other agencies as may be available. It provides search, survival and rescue of personnel of missing or crashed aircraft.

All you need to remember or application in this include procedure is:

1. File a Flight Plan with a C.A.A Communications Station in person or by telephone or radio.  
2. File an Arrival Report.
3. If anyone fails to arrive at destination or other than scheduled information, report this missing to the nearest C.A.A Communications Station.
4. If you land enroute and are delayed more than an hour, report this information to the nearest communications station.
5. Remember that if you fail to report within one hour after your E.T.A., a search will be started to locate you. If found to require assistance of the Search and Rescue Service, this will be indicated.

Searches are expensive. They involve numerous aircraft and man hours, on numerous occasions the lives of other pilots are sacrificed when searching for lost or overdue pilots. SO, FILE AN ARRIVAL REPORT.

GROUND TO AIR EMERGENCY CODE DISTRESS SIGNALS

INSTRUCTIONS:
1. Lay out symbols by using strips of fabric or parachutes, pieces of wood, stones, or any available material. 
2. Symbols should be at least 10 feet high or larger, if possible. Care should be taken to lay out symbols exactly as shown.
3. Symbols should be as far apart as possible from other symbols.
4. In addition to using symbols, every effort is to be made to attract attention by means of radio, flares, smoke, or other available means.
5. When ground is covered with snow, signals can be made by stamping, shoveling, or trampling the snow. The distressed area forming the symbols will appear in the black, from the air.
6. Pilot should acknowledge any sighting of the signals by rocking wings from side to side.

VISUAL EMERGENCY SIGNALS

[An illustration showing various visual emergency signals follows, including human figures waving, pointing, and using other gestures.]