There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

came back in. It secmed to Le west moving oince the aircraft wau Vept on a constant heading and the angle of asmuth and elevation increased. The light was firot obberved for 30 seconds, it faded, rteppeared, then faded again after 30 oconds.

As the pilot came around the west side of the air base and up the east side, he saw another light and turned into it to take gun camara photos. (Tme photos were no good).

Discussion

A visit was made to the Weather Bureau station at the Rapid City Municipal Airport to check weather and balloon launches (Note: The air base launches no balloons). The observer on duty looked up the balloon track for the balloon launched at 2000 MST on 5 August 1953 and it went south from the Municipal Airport. This put it out of the area of the sighting. Data on inversions was not available as it had been forwarded to Asheville, North Carolina. (Note: The balloon track and weather for 2000 MST on 5 August han been requested from Asheville.)

No attempt was made to contact the GOC observers at Blackhawk. They had been interrogated by haee personnel and were "all excited". It was believed that an investlgator talking to them would only further excite them needlessly. All the sightings at Bismarck are doubtful. The ACCM Station called the Bismarck Filter Center and told them to "look for flying saucers", a perfect set up to see every star move around.

The upper alr renearch balloon tracks at Lowry were checked. two balloons were lost and could have ben in the area at the time of the sighting.

A few comments on the Sources can be made:

Controller left the impression that he was trying to prove the exietence of an unidentified flying object. It is very unfortunate that no scope photos were available to collaborate his story. He saw targets on the scope, there is no doubt about it, but whether they acted exactly as he stated is unknown.

The two airmen that went outside to observe the object that was being carried on radar and reported by the GOC were not sure of what they saw, at least this is the impression they left. They were told to go out and look foro ligt so they saw one. Their description fits that of a star. Tdey only saw a "streak" in the sky They did not see it return north, only go south.

The first pilot only got a glimpse of a light so he could not add much.

The second pilot gave the impression of being "on the ball". He obviously was trying to convince himself the light was a star, but wae

UNCLASSIFIED
053-11156 22
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS. DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```