The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an aeronautical chart supply document that provides instructions and information about ordering and using various aeronautical charts and related materials.

AERONAUTICAL CHART SUPPLY

To insure that the airman has the latest information available, U.S. World Aeronautical Charts are revised at six months interval and other Aeronautical Charts are revised at specified periods. The prices of the most subscribed charts are shown below.

CIVIL CHART SUPPLY
Authorized agents for the sale of aeronautical charts have been appointed at certain airports and principal cities throughout the United States. The charts may also be obtained from the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, Washington 25, D.C. 

MILITARY CHART SUPPLY
Aeronautical charts, maps and publications distributed by the USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service, including controlled or limited to the current edition of the USAF.

1. Requisitioning:
(1) Include Continental United States: 
(a) For reorder of charts, requisitions will be submitted to the supply channels designated by the Theater Commander for maintenance and distribution of aeronautical charts and maps.
(b) The supply facilities for Continental United States activities are the USAF Air Force Logistics Command Supply System Depot, 900 Ogden Drive, San Antonio, Texas 78226. 
(c) Supply outside Continental United States: Requisitions from USAF activities within the Continental United States will be submitted to the Distribution Division, USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service, St. Louis 14, Mo. Except when emanating from an Air Force, Wing, or Command Headquarters where requisitions are forwarded by inter-command channels to the Distribution Division.
(2) Within the Continental United States: Requisitions from USAF activities within the Continental United States are to be submitted to the Distribution Division, USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service, St. Louis 14, Mo.

2. Requirements for "Special Purpose Maps and Charts."
Maps and charts for special purposes, specific missions, and also those made and charts published by other government agencies, which are not listed in the Aeronautical Chart Catalog, will be obtained through the USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service, Washington 25, D.C. Charts will be furnished, if available, when specifically identified in requisitions.

3. Disposition of Charts.
Obsolete, damaged or mutilated aeronautical charts and maps may be destroyed. Disposition by salvage or destruction is to be in accordance with existing regulations. New editions of charts available are announced in the USAF Aeronautical Chart and Information Service Bulletin published semiannually.

CORRECTION INSTRUCTIONS
The Coast and Geodetic Survey is making an effort to furnish the user with a corrected chart. In this effort by making minor corrections to the chart in the field, the user must cooperate. 
Remarks: 
a. Mark all corrections on face of chart or under "Remarks" below.
b. Fold chart along regular fold lines, but with heads out.
c. Place chart in any U.S. mail box. Postage is not required.