[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED 2D 1950-7]

More for the File

3. On 8 May 1953 the writer, in the presence of F/L Davis and Constable O'Flaherty, interviewed a man and his son [redacted] observed the light on 15 April 1953 at approximately 1930 hours, and promised he would co-operate [redacted]

4. On 8 May 1953 the writer, in the presence of F/L Davis and Constable O'Flaherty, interviewed a middle-aged Siemens's Cove, 17 years of age, who stated what next night in March 1953 he was walking along the road [redacted] between, [redacted] and called his attention to a light in the sky. He observed the object in the shape of a large light bulb and its elevation was approximately 60 feet and was 75 yards away from his dad Esquared to be from a northwesterly direction. When the object was moving in color and was dimly and steadily in a downward arc toward St. Georges Bay; this observer watched the light for approximately 15 seconds and then he lost set it in the [redacted] of a light bulb. Further questioning revealed that on approximately 20 April 1953 he had observed a light object on the northeastern sky over light bulb as he was lying in a south southeasterly direction. The light appeared to be white. It had light appearing on it and was of a similar nature. The elevation from approximately 1530 feet and was at about the same angle as the first sighting and the elevation from approximately 1530 feet and was at about he heard no noise from it and thus no heard the writer read as a statement which he stated that "Jack, the person you will be objectively. And the writer could offer no other substantial in addition concerning this sighting.

5. On 8 May 1953 the writer, in the presence of F/L Davis and Constable O'Flaherty, interviewed [redacted] Siemens Cove's Cove, 17 October 1972 he and [redacted] were within The writer and his son is the area a layman but they obtained is light patterns to have very it as it is in the and looking into the rie to a round hill of the some color as the firme fro a horseme late approximately. For southerly direction. On 8 May it had its halo on it and had disappeared over a hill approximately 500 feet in distant and so it was supposed to be sight it looked as though it was speed to in a forward are turned the around and it a number of sparks burst forth from the ball of fire. [redacted] stated that when the ball of fire was at it lighter in the area so much that the light from any object directed out his light from the immediate. That at the same on time required for the object to pass from the north point on one direction in the south to the point where it disappeared over the hill to the north; but he stated the at the same time the site of aircraft; normally seen flying in the area, [redacted] stated the had also observed light from the object on the same morning.

[redacted sections at bottom]

UNCLASSIFIED