The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY
Howard L. Bevis, President
COLUMBUS 10

EMERSON McMillin OBSERVATORY

19 May 53

1st Lt. Robert Olsson
Wright-Patterson AFB

Dear Lt. Olsson:

This is a belated report on the last batch which I received at the end of April. 

Just as soon as our plans for employing Miss Gluck officially go through, I shall be able to send you a sheet with comments on individual cases so that you can handle my typing and distribution of forms.  The letter method has obvious drawbacks. But until that time comes, and she can handle my typing and distribution of forms, I had better stick to this letter method. 

In this latest batch we have only 4 really interesting cases. I don't mention the 25 or so more or less routine cases which you were probably informed of by the Air Force. I'm follow my usual rule of discarding those.

6 Cases have only one observer and I'm following my usual rule of discarding those.

8 April was a meteor. The Great Circle Valley case was Venus if reported time was in error.

28 March Albrook AFB was pr/obably Venus. 31 March Moothy, and 30 March Loya, were, I believe, balloons. Possibly could have been.

The April Greenland case was an obvious meteor.

This brings us to the interesting cases. 25 March Sacond ground observation case and I'm surprised they don't explain this. Anything more on this one?  Don't think this is good enough for a punch-hole but it should be looked into.  

22 March Spooner, "Wise's Duration time" needs checking here. How to believe this object could have gone all that dun 15 seconds? An interesting case and one of the regular questionnaire should be sent to Dr. Hynek.

Most is the 12 April Spook AFB I think this is most interesting and deserves more serious consideration than the one I'd like to see Hynek explain this one! Is there any possibility that these could have been artifices? (As to the 26 March, Equasseuk AFB although M., the data are reconnaissance traditional on this it was a helicopter?  We ought to have much more information on this one. Has this been received?

R.R. Carrel
A.C. Cain Wright