There is no photograph present in the image provided. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

EXPERT ANALYSIS OF FILM SHOWING ANOMONIOUS GLOBE OF LIGHT

On November 14, 1950, Mrs. Edna Symancek of Elyria, Ohio observed an anomonious globe of light through her window which she photographed. The camera was mounted on a tripod, and the exposure was not moved. According to the report, the globe of light was not visible to the naked eye before or during the 10 minute time lapse between pictures.

When the film was returned from the developer, she couldn't find Mercury, but was shocked to see an anomolous glowing body in the sky. This anomolous object appears to be the same size in both frames and of the same brilliance, but is sharply defined with a black object in the middle, showing a result of an emulsion fluid droplet or air bubbles in careless development.

Research by Mr. Robert Clark checked out Newton rings. The "Lebanon "moons" another film analysis was analyzed, and it was found the film is "bent" or masked. Thus the film is determined to represent a hoaxed Earthman lab in Rochester, as determined by Clarke and myself. Clark argued that this idea and red killer Stinger's theory is the remaining frames of film which show the sun but no object.

THE HYPOTHESIS OF THE INVISIBLE "THINKING" LIGHT: If the object cause may be resolved as a physical phenomenon, with all other evidence is solution reasonably closed, only the feasible explanation remains: the object is under remote control.

Considering the later anomaly, analysis shows that the object's non-metal substance is translucent. The proof is in the picture which shows the object obscuring a tree in the background is revealed the hazy silhouette of a fork in the tree directly opposite. Thus, it is controlled, the demonstration without a power plant!

Evidence and logic do not provide the answer. If, as Mrs. Coleman says, the object was not seen in her field of vision, and, as the evidence suggests, the object does exist and is rendered "visible" only through infrared film, then perhaps the object is under an intelligent, controlled, and unearthly power.