There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR text output:

```
Information Only (Ho Case)
Source: CSI

August 6, 1953, Sightings Kerkrade,
Netherlands:

During the last days of July and the
first week of August I took a holiday and
visited the Southern part of Holland. On
August 6th I arrived in a small mining town,
Kerkrade, in the south part of the province
of Limburg. Kerkrade lies close to the
German border, there is, in fact, a broad
atreet divided longitudinally by barbed wire,
the one-half being Kerkrade and the other
half being German.

I went for a walk along this street
about midnight. All was quiet. Suddenly my
attention was drawn to a blue-green light of
moderate intensity, which ran through the
fkq in the East. It came down an elegant
swoop, and then slowed down. At first I
thought it to be a meteorite, but it left
no trail of fire as these do. It was a light
spot of xoufhly circular shape, and while it
descended it came in my direction. Then I
saw what it was - a flying saucer. It came
slowly towards me and so near that I could
see its ~76rekely”.

I made a test: if you want to
know how big I saw it, take a dinner plate,

hold it a^ aims length, then raise the plate
somewhat nyher than scalp level and look at
it. Tha^wao exactly the relative size of the
object
Then It irapped and stood still in the air
first i think was about 1000 feet,
Then it came mill further down. Mot a
sound was nied while it was in flight, or
when it itnad still. I had an opportunity to
study it. Ist must have been of enormous size,
far bigger tiin the wing span of any airliner.
As I looked up I saw only its underside,
but it started to hover around slowly, also
changing its position, so that I could see
it edge-on. Once I could look on it, when
it took an inclined position and the moon
shone on it.

Its form was a disc, slightly dished in
the center, ard in the center (topside) a
cabin with sloping walls, a cone. No doors
or windows were discernible. Its color was
grey. When it came down it was giving off a
blue-green light. As soon as it had stopped,
the light vanished. In the dull grey color
of the metal. Thanks tothe Ldoke^e -
atly as a grey-enamelled pan, somewhat glossy
faep^the moon shone on it, but not *polished.
```