This image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old Project Blue Book document. The text on the page discusses restrictions on service through CAA radio stations, radars, and other means. It covers topics related to astronomical bodies, meteors, and reports of unusual sightings. The text is labeled as "RESTRICTED" at the top and bottom of the page.

RESTRICTED

Service, through CAA radio stations, radar, or many various ways, but he should check thoroughly to see whether or not there were any aircraft flights in the area of the sighting. ADC units have a distinct advantage here, because if the report is received soon enough, radar can be checked.

Astronomical Bodies
As far as astronomical bodies are concerned, ATIC has a professional astronomer under contract to review sightings that they believe to be caused by astronomical bodies. By astronomical bodies we mean bright stars, planets, or meteors. The most valuable information in the analysis of an unidentified flying object that is suspected of being an astronomical body is the bearing, the azimuth, and the time. From this we can check back through almanacs and determine the locations of certain bright stars. Stars that give us trouble are Venus, Jupiter, Capella and several others. You can check stars by obtaining the approximate time, azimuth and elevation of the reported object and grabbing the nearest navigator.

Meteors are not too difficult to evaluate because they seem to have a standard description. If someone reports an object similar to a rocket going across the sky at high speed and leaving a trail behind it, chances are it is a meteor. However, in certain instances we have had very unusual meteors reported. We have found that there are certain classes of meteors that astronomers call fireballs. These are so rare that there is a good chance that you may see only one in your life, if any. This has probably accounted for many reports by pilots who state that they met a huge ball of fire coming directly at their aircraft and at times have even racked up the aircraft to get out of its path. Many times these are reported as missiles. We have had pilots who have complained to the Air Force about shooting rockets, or experimental missiles, through the airways and endangering their aircraft. This is a rather foolish statement.

RESTRICTED