There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in the given document. The document appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report describing a UFO sighting incident that occurred on July 25, 1953 in Creola, Alabama.

The text of the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Intelligence Officer
Reports Creola Air Force Base, Alabama 

Details: At approximately 1900 CDT, 25 August 1953, the 17934 Air Intelligence Officer received a report from Mrs. G.S. Kiner, telephone number Citronelle, Alabama, which report is as follows:

On 25 August 1953, at approximately 1750 CDT, Mrs. Kiner, who resides approximately 4 miles west of Creola, Alabama, was on her way home from a church meeting with her sister. As they neared Creola, they observed a strange object in the sky at an estimated altitude of 3000 feet. The object was about the size of a B-29 at that distance, and appeared to be intensely illuminated and glowing. It was a yellowish-white color, and maintained a steady glow. There was no sound associated with the object.

The object was observed for 3 to 5 minutes, during which time it maintained a constant altitude and slowly drifted from west to east. After reaching a position approximately over Creola, the object suddenly accelerated at a terrific speed and disappeared from view. The Intelligence Officer of the 17934 AIR conducted an investigation and obtained the following statements from the observers:

No A-2 Aircraft were in the area at the time of the sighting. The object was not reflections, mirages, or any other known natural phenomena. The object was not identifiable as any known type of aircraft, and bore no resemblance to anything the observers had ever seen before. The length of time the object was observed and the manner in which it accelerated and disappeared indicate it was not an aircraft. The observers are intelligent, rational, and sincere persons, and have no reason to fabricate or exaggerate this report. Reliability 3-3.

The above report is forwarded without recommendation or evaluation. No further information is available.