The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was the United States Air Force's official program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text found in the document, produced as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output:

deal of interest in it, and treating the subject seriously. There are several reasons why it is being continued. One, there are reports that we cannot explain. With the world situation what it is and the present advances in science, it behooves the Air Force to have a system whereby they can receive reports of, evaluate, and determine the identity of everything that is flying over the United States.

Two, there is no assurance that at some future date some foreign country may not develop some object that by present day standards is unconventional. It may be unconventional in appearance or performance. Due to the fact that the term "flying saucer" has become almost a household word, it is possible that these objects, if they should be developed, come across the United States and be seen, may be reported as a "flying saucer". The durance balloons of WW II are an example of this. We realize that Air Defense Command has the prime responsibility for the detection and interception of any foreign intruders, but it would be the function of ATIC to determine the nature and characteristics of such intruders.

The third reason is related to the first in that the Air Force is responsible for the aerial protection of the United States and it is our responsibility to assure ourselves and the public that these reported incidents, and we feel that they will continue to be reported, are not a threat.

Operations of the Project
To give you a little better idea of the project, I would like to tell you how we operate. Air Force Letter 200-5 is the basis for our operations. It states that the Air Technical Intelligence Center is responsible for analyzing all reports of Unidentified Flying Objects, and that each Air Force unit is responsible for forwarding reports that they receive to the Air Technical Intelligence Center. It further states that all reports will be forwarded by wire then followed up within three days by a written AF Form 112. If AF Form 112's are not available, the