The image provided is a reproduction of a text document and does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and transcribe the text from the document:

```
Sweetwater, Nevada                               UNCLASSIFIED 12 April 1953

I. DESCRIPTION

At 1510 hours PST, ten round flat metallic colored objects changing forma-
tion traveled at an estimated high rate of speed on a heading of 110째 at an
estimated altitude of 7,500 ft. No trail, sound, or exhaust were noted. Objects
passed under the right nacelle of the observer's C-47 type aircraft, and were
observed by the co-pilot. He took control of the C-47, and turned to the right
in a tight 300째 turn for a better view of the objects. Objects were then picked
up unassisted by two more members of the crew. The objects were observed in a 
right turn of 30째, the radius then that of the C-47., and at a lower altitude.
The objects were observed for approximately 1200 of their turn, and disappeared
on a heading of 300째. Observers were unable to estimate the speed of the objects
because of the distance and the objects' large radius of turn.

II. DISCUSSION

No aircraft were observed in the area and the pilot reported no radio 
facilities at Sweetwater Airport. No report was made until landing at Stead
AFB, Nevada. Weather at the time of sighting was slightly hazy, visibility
30 miles. Although the observers reported seeing no aircraft in the area, it
is believed that the objects were aircraft (probably trainers) because of the
color, maneuvers, and distance at which they were observed.

III. CONCLUSION

Possibly aircraft.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

2                                               UNCLASSIFIED
                                               12

T53-7362
```

Please note that the document should be treated as historical and that the accuracy of the OCR transcription is based on the quality of the text in the image provided.