There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document consists entirely of typed text describing a reported UFO sighting that occurred on June 3, 1953 in Reno, Nevada.

UNCLASSIFIED
Reno, Nevada

3 July 1953

Description

As of 10:30 A.M. EST 3 June 1953 two civilians were sitting on a lawn at Reno, Nevada. One observer was looking up through some tree branches, when she saw a pin-point of light at a very high altitude. She called her husband's attention to the object and he walked outside to observe it, which was a stationary point of light. The day was bright (hot) and cloudless. However, it neither moved nor changed its apparent size. The observer left his wife to watch the object while he reported it to the authorities. A civilian who observed this to the police station, was non-commital regarding his findings. It was reported that the sheriff's office stated that this sighting was out of their jurisdiction and for him not to call back. The observer told the 393 that he couldn't locate the object unless he had this observation to the point of view. After pointing out the the observer being somewhat surprised that no one had appeared to verify the sighting and considering the possibility that a mistake had been made, he again telephoned the 393. They hold this that the matter had been referred to the Air Force colonel to whom they had given their location.

After some difficulty, the observer reached this colonel by telephone. This colonel had been informed of the details to which this report had been made, and after considerable delay, the observer reached his conclusion that the Air Force colonel had orders to give him a negative answer and would call him back. While not appearing to move, it had shifted position slightly because it was necessary for the observer to shift his position slightly to obtain the original point of view. The Air Force colonel again called the observer and denied that the sighting was of anything the Air Force was interested in. The observer again called the Air Force colonel to ask him if he couldn't send someone to verify the sighting and the colonel recommended that the observer stand by to receive a call back. The colonel did 15 minutes later. He inquired whether the observer still saw the object and the observer said that it was still visible. He stopped a car and requested the driver to observe the object. The driver was a professor at the University of Nevada and a very good observer. He observed the object as described by the previous observers, and the Air Force colonel commented that for a detailed report of any importance, two sergeants visited the observers at their motel expressing appreciation for their efforts, and stating that the Air Force was very interested in such reports. The Air Force had been made aware of the sighting for over an hour during which the object could be seen but hasn't been interested enough to look at it.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL; 
DECLASSIFIED AFT ER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10