No photographs are present in the image.

The textual content in the document is as follows:

---

2

And now to the 2nd batch, of 26 March 53:

In the 2nd batch, only 2 are Venus; 13^th (Hartsville) and 19^th (Cape Vincent) Both. There is a possibility that also the 15^th March, Germany, was the star Sirius. Most interesting to me is 12th 18, Williams AFB. This one could be a lense[l] mirage. Would be interesting to know elevation above horizon. Would be interesting to have questionnaire filled out on this one. If the heading had been 270° instead of 90°, these might very well have been Sundogs. My guess is, however, that this was some sort of meteorological phenomena.

Now as to the remainder, the 23 March Casper could have been a meteor if the reported 2 minutes is in error. How large was the disk? Does altitude here refer to elevation? What is your opinion of this one?

The 15 March Courtland could not have been a meteor. The short time of observation seems to make four-ty-aps not worthwhile.
The 19^th March Newfoundland case is very interesting, but only one observer. The fact that the observers ceiling was 2700 feet puts a limit on mx to height. There there any witnesses? If so, this would be worthwhile following up.
The 18^th March Great Falls, IY9.,, gives us another nocturnal incandecent light. Can a balloon be ruled out? I think extensive ground/air search would be appropriate. maybe you ought to station a special observer at Great Falls!

The 19 March Tanananda has insufficient data. The 21 March Elmira is quite interesting but observed only a few seconds. I don't see how lense[l] can explain this one.

The 13 March Maxwell AFB has insufficient evidence.
Finally, the 31^st March Greenville, could be a balloon.

In both batches there are 3 cases I should personally like to follow up. Those are Shaw AFB, 5 March; Vms AFB 18 March; and 18 March Great Falls.

My plan, Lieutenant, is to concentrate on relatively few cases that show promise of affording scientific data. I purposely want to keep the number of cases down for obvious reasons of time limitation. If it becomes possible to obtain the services of one full time assistant, then I could assign certain follow up jobs which would facilitate matters a great deal.

I hope we can discuss those and other matters at your visit here 22 April.

Best Wishes,

Sincerely,

Allan Hynek

P.S. Any further word on the Port Austin Case of 17 Feb?
I should appreciate talking with Dr. Kaplan concerning the lense[l] plan.

Note - Ask Port Austin by TWX if the object may have been a helicopter, asking info on stored helicopter activity, companies, mail runs, etc.

A.H.

---

Please note that there may be some transcription errors due to the quality of the document and the way letters are represented. For example, "lense[l]" is rendered with what appears to be an editorial clarification, suggesting the typed word may have been misspelled and should be "lens".