The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of Civil Aviation, discussing an "Unidentified Aircraft Sighting" that occurred on 23 August 1953 near Port Moresby, New Guinea.

Transcription of the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

IR-270-53 2 2

COPY 
DEPARTMENT OF CIVIL AVIATION

Regional Director
Department of Civil Aviation
New Guinea District
Port Moresby
Papua-New Guinea

31st August, 1953

MEMORANDUM FOR:
Regional Director 
Box 34, P.O.
PORT MORESBY

Unidentified Aircraft Sighting
11:00 hours, 23 August, 1953

This is to confirm a verbal statement made by the Superintendent of Air Navigation to you on 24 August, 1953.

2. Mr. [redacted] reports as follows:

"At 1200 hours on Sunday, 23 August, 1953, I was in the vicinity of the Marine Base, Torokina, when my attention was attracted by a cloud formation which was forming in a Southerly-Southwesterly direction from Port Moresby. The cloud, as it grew larger, gave the appearance of some type of aircraft, and I watched it intently for several minutes, as it appeared to be stationary and difficult to identify very clearly. It could have been a normal type of cloud formation, but the peculiar manner in which it was forming, and the fact that it remained almost stationary, caused me to continue to watch it. I was unable to determine its exact nature, as it suddenly disappeared with a rapid gain of altitude."

I had my movie camera with me and photographed the whole thing on the selephone, but am unable to ascertain what the object might have been. It appeared to me to be some type of very high speed aircraft or other type of object which moved at incredible speed.

As far as I know, Air Traffic Control knew of no aircraft movements in that area, and in any case, from the extreme altitude of the object, it certainly could not have been a normal aircraft. Whether conditions at the time were "cloudy" I am not certain.

To the best of my knowledge, there was no aircraft of the Australian services in that area at the time.

(Signed) J.S. ARTHUR
REGIONAL DIRECTOR

COPY