There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text from the document:

Dear Capt. Harding:

We have been so busy with the Black Hawk, S. Dakota case that I've only just now gotten around to looking over The large batch of accumulated reports. I must say that compared with Black Hawk, none of these approach the interest. These incidents do not appear as promising as they did when first reported. The Perrin AFB, Texas, case to me is still rather puzzling and may prove to be profitable.

The very interesting reports of the 24 July and 1 August at Key West would warrant follow-up if they were more recent.

The 25 July Perrin AFB, Texas, also holds possible interest from the standpoint of personnel and the fast they were observed from the Control Tower and by civilians of Denison, Texas.

It is too bad there is not more information on Coco, Ala. These cases cover several months and the data is possibly too dif in these.

Finally, the Sidi Slimane sighting is definitely puzzling and will probably have to remain so unresolved.

As for the remaining 30 or 40, there is so little information concerning those which do not have obvious explanations that there is no percentage whatever in considering them seriously.

Chiefly, the lack of detailed information as to speed, size, shape, duration, altitude, and time was available, would be interesting to pursue. Personally, I feel that the incidents involving the Black Hawk case have been better observed and studied than this will be, and if staff and time were available, would be interesting to pursue. Personally, I feel certain that if this case can be explained, others would follow suit.

Concerning the Black Hawk case, I believe we are now proceeding along the most fruitful lines of investigation. Solid objects are certainly indicated by the observations covered several hours and the lighted wings were both visible and radar. It is important, in my estimation, that we continue to pursue this case as diligently as possible, even though the results may be incapable of final resolution.

J. Allen Hynek