The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned copy of a typed letter on Ohio State University letterhead, dated May 19, 1953.

The text of the letter is as follows:

THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY 
Howard L. Bevis, President
COLUMBUS 10

EMERSON MCMILLIN OBSERVATORY

19 May 53

1st Lt. Robert Olsson
Wright-Patterson AFB

Dear Lt. Olsson:

This is a belated report on the last batch which I received at the end of April. As soon as our plans for employing Miss Gluck officially go through, I shall be able to send you a sheet with comments on each individual case. But until that time comes and she can handle my typing and coordination of forms, I find myself back to the older method.

In this latest batch we have only 8 really interesting cases. I might mention a 5 April, 25 March 52, Beodt AFB case is the 1st report I've seen of an honest to goodness mirage. 2 cases have only one observer and I'm following my usual rule of discounting those.

The Great Falls (3 April) case was Venus if reported time was in error.

28 March Airbrook AFB was probably Venus. 18 March Honolulu and 30 March Japan, are puzzling, but could possibly have Venus explanations. 

The 4 April Greenland case was an obvious meteor.

25 March San Antonio could hardly have been a mirage and I'm surprised there was no radical change. T'was then any important like airplanes that might explain this. Anything more came in on this one. Don't think this is good enough for a conclusion, but it should be included as a possible explanation. Begining to believe that object could have done all that in 15 seconds. An interesting case and one of the regular questionable should be given to Dr. Gilette.

Next is the 12 April report AFB. I think this is the most interesting case so far 16-18 April UFO. Could those have been aircraft? Apparently ducks have been eliminated. C A S 14 for 76 16527?? Perhaps this was a helicopter? We ought to have more information on this one. Has this been received?

Sincerely,
J. Allen Hynek