There is no photograph or image present in this document. It appears to be a page from an old business document or manual, likely related to "AERONAUTICAL CHART SUPPLY".

AERONAUTICAL CHART SUPPLY
This section covers regulations, instructions, and policies governing the preparation, procurement, and distribution of Aeronautical Charts and related material.
A. Authorized agents for the sale of aeronautical charts:
1. The Air Force and Navy are authorized to act as sales agents for the distribution of aeronautical charts and related material.
2. Orders for such charts and material will be delivered by the FAA on request of the authorized sales agents.
B. Military Chart Supply:
1. Military charts and map distribution are functions of the Defense Mapping Agency, Aerospace Center, and Information Directorate, Air Mobility Command. This supply is for military use only and information concerning it, or the users thereof, will not be divulged.
2. Civilian agencies are not authorized to purchase aeronautical charts and maps from the Defense Mapping Agency, Aerospace Center, for their own use.
C. Custody: Continental United States:
1. Regional Supply Centers, the supply channels established by the Air Force and Navy, provide this service.
(2) Theater supply facilities are subject to regulations for replenishment of stocks in such areas.
(3) Direct requisition to the Chief, Aeronautical Chart and Information Center, is not authorized, except in emergencies.
D. Distribution: Continental United States:
1. Aeronautical charts and maps are to be distributed to users as directed in the Aeronautical Charts and Information Program (ACIP).
2. Commanding Officers of Air Force, Marine, and Navy Bases, and FAA District Offices, are responsible for the maintenance of a 30-day supply for their own use, and any excess should be returned for redistribution.
E. Requisitions and Returns:
1. Requisitions for stock replenishment are to be made in accordance with the ACIP.
2. Returns and exchanges of charts are to be handled in accordance with the ACIP.

CORRECTION INSTRUCTIONS
This section covers instructions for correcting and updating information on aeronautical charts.