The image contains a photograph depicting an artist's illustration of a "space creature" or unidentified flying object. The text below the image mentions that it was "examined at crime lab" and that the "verdict" was "shaved monkey", suggesting that the "space creature" was determined to be a different phenomenon.

Here is the text output from the document:

LIKE ESCAPED CAPTIVE, ASSERTS PET FARM OWNER

Just a Monkey, Experts Say Of Tiny "Martian"

by Katherine Barnwell

Atlanta - (AP) - The "moon man" who was a space man to some, has been traced finally to an impish monkey from a secluded pet farm on the outskirts of Atlanta.

For three months an alleged rash of sightings of the "little man with a bulbous head" sent throngs of reporters, cameramen, and scientists on his trail, but it turned out to be just an ordinary little Rhesus monkey escaped from a farm on McDonough Street, whose owner, J.C. Jones, said:

"He's not a Martian - he's just a monkey. The scientists and the police finally traced it back to me."

Jones said the monkey, believed to be 8 to 10 inches tall, was hardly more than a baby and had the characteristics of a midget Rhesus monkey. It escaped from his farm Saturday and was picked up by police in the Oakland City residential section of southwest Atlanta Monday morning.

The head, the shape of the mouth and teeth were all those of a Rhesus monkey, Jones pointed out, and he said the animal was easily frightened and would run away from the farm's visitors.

A veterinarian, Dr. John Marshall, examined the animal and agreed with Jones that it was a Rhesus monkey, not a Martian, space man, or other similar creature. Jones said the monkey will be returned to the farm from which a veritable colony of similar creatures have often escaped to roam the nearby woods.

"HERE'S 'FLYING SAUCER' AS SEEN BY BARBER WALTER MINTZ WHO LIVES AT 1222 LITTLE RAY STREET."

"SPACE CREATURE" EXAMINED AT CRIME LAB ... VERDICT: "SHAVED MONKEY"

Here are some of the remarks about the alleged "Martian":
* "He was about a foot tall, had a huge head, thin body and arms and legs." 
* "He moved very rapidly and strangely - just like a wind-up toy."
* "He was covered with hair and had a large mouth with tiny eye sockets."
* "When I tried to get close, he ran away at a terrific pace."
* "He came along, looked at me, and then took off like lightning."
* Others said that he had three-fingered hands, no neck, and a face like a lizard.

A De-Haired Monkey, Say The Experts

Barber Stands Pat On Saucer Story