There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. 

The text in the document reads as follows:

Federal Bureau of Investigation
Building 702
Richland, Washington

16 July 1953

Gentlemen:

On the afternoon of July 15th 1953 I had taken off the afternoon shift and was entering my automobile to return home when I noticed an object in the sky which appeared to be a bright star and it attracted my attention. The object appeared to be about 30 seconds to a minute in size and to be moving at a very rapid and erratic manner. I spotted an object in the sky which appeared to be a bright star and it attracted my attention. I called one of the other employees who also spotted the object and we observed it for approximately 30 to 60 seconds. 

As about 14:30 hours we sighted a bright shimmering object at what seemed to be a north northeast direction from us and at an elevation of about 60 degrees. It appeared to move in a rather erratic manner, changing direction and speed from time to time. As this was happening, we were convinced that they were not any known type of aircraft. At this time we were convinced that they were birds, but had not yet determined what kind of birds they were. I continued to observe the object and noticed that it was hovering and darted back and forth to the west and disappeared. Still not giving this much thought, it was continued to be discussed for the night's work, but no complete report was made as at the time I did not feel that it was necessary to report this matter to the authorities. 

At first I thought I had found a large bird, but closer examination proved to be an unusual object. I again gave the object an inspection and I was then convinced that it was not a helicopter with the rotor variation rate that I had observed. I can assure you that I have had considerable experience in identifying aircraft and this object did not conform to any known type of aircraft. Under close observation it had suddenly disappeared.

The object appeared to be shiny and circular in shape, somewhat larger than a basketball in size. Under close observation the object appeared to hover at times and then move rapidly away, then return to the original position. This performance lasted for a period of approximately 30 to 60 seconds. It was very bright, shining and reflecting the sunlight. The fact that it was so bright and the movement was so erratic led me to believe that this was not any known type of aircraft. The object appeared to move in a horizontal and vertical direction with no noise or other characteristic that would identify it as a known type of aircraft. This was a puzzling situation to me, and I made no further report as at the time I did not feel it was justified to report this matter to the authorities.

Hoping this information will be of some assistance, I remain,

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]