There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR output of the text:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

2 February 1954
Major Allen L. Atwell
Commander, 740th AC&W Squadron
Ellsworth Air Force Base
Rapid City, South Dakota

Dear Major, 

Thank you for your letter of 19 January. You have been of considerable service to us in tracking this down further, and especially in giving us the highly important character sidelights. I think the "baseball" example is particularly telling. I therefore feel as you do, that the incident reports from Rapid City sprang from, in general, unre- liable observers. Even the two lieutenants, under questioning, were not sure of what they saw, but at least they were honest enough to admit this.
 
I agree with your statement concerning reliability checks, and hasten to assure you that one of the reasons we came out in person was to size up the observers. Speaking for myself, although I think the Captain would concur, we are ready to write off the Rapid City-Black Hawk incident as "information from questionable sources." in short, we can't trust the "evidence," and when this happens in any scientific procedure the thing to do is throw the whole thing out the window.

I would like to ask, just for possible future references with a good man on radar controls, what are the possibilities of "unknown blips" over a long period? That is, out of 365 days, would you say that unknowns appear on the scope several times each day? Once every few days? A few times a year? I am assuming blips not due to malfunction but to echoes, etc.

What I now have to say will surprise you! The observers at Bis- mark I would class as entirely reliable. It is therefore impossible for us to write off the Bismark incident in a like manner. Indeed, I wish we could. It is impossible, however, to say that the objects seen in Bismark were the result of "reports from Rapid City, because at least two people independently (and 15 miles apart) reported the objects without previous knowledge of the phone call from Rapid City. The objects persisted for more than two hours and the various observers agreed, within reason, on their tracks.

UNCLASSIFIED
```