There is no photograph contained in this page of the UFO report document. The image appears to be a typed document with text describing details related to radar observations and technical questions about a specific target.

Text extracted from the document:

5. Has anomalous propagation been observed to extend the range of ground clutter by this radar at this site, and did this condition exist during or near the time under observation? 
Average amount of clutter, no other unknown aircraft were in the area.
6. What aspects of rain storms and lightning have been observed on this radar?
Usual scope weather. Partial lights were clearly visible during this period. 
7. Were any checks made to determine if unknown targets could have been one of our own aircraft? 
No
9. Was a visual and/or auditory observation made simultaneously with scope observation?
No
1. Did any technical personnel observe the unknown target on the Radar Scope? Have they been questioned thoroughly? What was their opinion?
Yes, their difference, but of unknown origin, positive v-h.f. "ghost" appeared on radar.
2. Was a permanent "track" made of the target positions as they appeared on the Indicator? If so, attach to this report.
Yes, see attached report on back of page one. (1).
3. At what range, azimuth, altitude, and time was the target observed?
Negative altitude was recorded, could not obtain altitude finder on track.
4. How did the target appear in size and shape as compared with conventional aircraft targets?
Same as normal target.
5. Was the target of consistent size, or did it change rapidly?
Consistent
6. Was the speed of the target constant or variable? Explain.
Constant
7. Did the target appear "fuzzy" or clear and sharp as compared with a known aircraft target?
Sharp, very defined.
8. What other (aircraft) targets were observed in the same general area, altitude, and time as the unknown target?
Track No. X-12-F. Ident. VC 1247, Alt. 8,000Ft. Time 0114Z. Position GG 3657. Track No. A-52-T. Ident. TOA /2, Alt. 17,000Ft. Time 0111Z. Position GG 0391.