The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a letter from the Ohio State University, written by Howard L. Bevis, addressed to Lt. Robert Olsson of the Wright-Patterson AFB.

THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY
COLUMBUS 10

19 May 53

Lt. Lt. Robert Olsson
Wright-Patterson AFB

Dear Lt. Olsson:

This is a belated report on the last batch which I received at the end of April.

Just as soon as our plans for employing Miss Gluck officially go through, I shall be able to send you a digest of each individual case, so that you will have my comments on each folder. The letter method is still the best until such time comes when the can handle my typing and completion of forms. I had better stick to this letter method.

In this letter I might mention a 5th, 28 March 53, Scotts AFB, which is the last report I've seen of an honest to goodness mirage, 6 cases which only one observer and I'm following my usual rule of discounting those.

8 April was a meteor-rrearriggfirlfurr reports. The Great Falls (Montana) case was a reputed sif was an error.

18 March Airbrook AFB was probably Venus, 21 March Monchu, and 30 March Lyle, Wash., are puzzling but could possibly have been balloons.

The 1 April Greenland case was an obvious meteor.

The 21 March Airbrook AFB was an interesting case since there was no radar pickup. Was there any aircraft like helicopters that might explain this? Don't think this is good enough for a pinch-bottle but it could be listed as nocturnal maneuver. Right.

Please forward names of those other cases and I'm surprised there was no radar pickup. Head to explain the situation further. Have you any comments on this interesting case and one of the regular questionaires should be sent to Dr. Clyde Tombaugh. Most is the 12 April" cited in the letter, I think this is the most interesting case of the batch, and I hope you receive more data on it.

I'm anxious to see Mannel's explain this one. I'm sure any questions you have could have been answered in many cases if we had more information on this one. Has this been received?

Sincerely,
Allen Hynek