The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting incident that occurred in Darlington, Wisconsin on May 31, 1953.

Transcription of the text in the document:

31 MAY - DARLINGTON, WISCONSIN 

Dear Dr. Hynek:

This concerns the press release on the Darlington sighting for which I requested assistance and should be forwarded to:

in Milwaukee immediately.

A synopsis of the Darlington sighting could go something like this:

Between 3:20 A.M. and 11:30 A.M. on 31 May eleven persons in the Darlington vicinity sighted an unidentified aerial object. The object appeared as a steady white light coming generally from the East and disappearing in the West. It moved at an extremely rapid rate and then at times it appeared to be hovering. Several local inhabitants including several county deputies and a Green River Corps observer saw the object in their squad car at 70 mph and said that the object seemed to be moving at a tremendous speed. The whole incident lasted approximately 8 hours.

A newspaper account of the incident came to the attention of the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. Air Force Lt Colonel James McIsaac of the Intelligence Division and an officer from the Air Defense Command were dispatched to the area of sighting where they proceeded to investigate. The persons involved and attempted to place together the many reports. Two observers, one a county sheriff, sighted the object from the Darlington area and said that it appeared to be maneuvering toward Monroe.

Police dispatchers in Monroe alerted the local GOC post of the unknown object and were informed that the GOC had it under observation. This person later saw the object at 11:30 A.M. in broad daylight. The weather throughout the observation was clear with scattered clouds.

ATIC personnel obtained azimuth and elevations readings from different observers as various locations covering the 8 hour period. The description of the object turned out to be somewhat similar among observers - bright white. The descriptionchanged, some observers stating it moved slowly, others saying it moved at great speed and then hovered. ALL agreed that the object was too bright to be a star and moreover it was seen in the daytime.