The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document related to aeronautical chart supply, with text describing regulations and instructions regarding the supply and distribution of aeronautical charts and publications.

AERONAUTICAL CHART SUPPLY
(Ref: AF Reg. 67-5)
1. Aeronautical charts, maps and publications distributed by the Aeronautical Chart Service are indexed or listed in the monthly edition of the USAF Catalog of Aeronautical Charts and Related Publications.
2. Outside Continental United States:
(1) USAF activities are to submit requisitions thru the supply channels designated by the area Air Force.
(2) Theater supply facilities are to submit requisitions for replenishment of stocks of aeronautical charts and maps to Commanding Officer, Hq. Aeronautical Chart Service.
3. Within Continental United States: Requisitions from USAF activities within Continental United States are to be submitted to the Aeronautical Chart Service, Hq. USAF, Washington 25, D.C. Except upon express authorization, no other agency or activity shall be permitted to requisition aeronautical charts and maps.
4. Quantities of charts and maps requested are to be such as to assure the maintenance of minimum required stocks at each Base or Station Operations Officer.
5. Maps and charts for special purposes, specific missions, and also those maps and charts published by other government agencies, which are not listed in the monthly edition of the Aeronautical Chart Service, Hq. USAF, Washington 25, D.C. will be furnished, if available, when specifically identified on request to Commanding Officer, Hq. Aeronautical Chart Service, Washington 25, D.C.
6. Obsolete charts returned to Hq. Aeronautical Chart Service will be salvaged or destroyed. New editions and revised continental charts and maps may be obtained on request to Commanding Officer, Hq. Aeronautical Chart Service, Washington 25, D.C.
7. The U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, Department of Commerce, Washington 25, D.C. is responsible for the sale and distribution of aeronautical charts required for civilian use by individuals and organizations, commercial enterprises, etc., which are not supplied directly to that agency.