The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report discussing a UFO sighting.

The text of the document is as follows:

The following is a summation was obtained by long distance telephone from witnesses at Stillwater, Oklahoma, this morning:

1. Apparently remaining in control was Corporal ---as indicated on the document

2. Met I saw looked like two (2) bright lights that seemed to have some kind of connection between them, though they were some distance apart. The object or objects were first observed when one of the girls called the attention of the others to it. We watched them for several minutes and they seemed to move farther and farther apart until they disappeared from view. There was no sound nor did they appear to give off any lign to speak of, and they were of an unusual shape. This particular object had a peculiar type of blinking light within it that puzzled us considerably. I saw this for a few minutes until it gradually faded out. This object was not at all like an airplane. it was peculiar in shape - not circular but more like a rectangle with rounded corners, elongated and not much greater in width than in depth, without apparent appendages or protrusions. The whole thing appeared to be self-luminous, glowing faintly. It seemed to be slowly moving up and down in a vertical plane and gyrating in such a way that the blinking light was not always visible from our angle of observation. It seemed to be a distance over the city, perhaps 2 miles or more. The whole sighting lasted about 3 minutes.

2. I have this at approximately 2200 (10:00 PM) on 3 July 1953.

3. I observed these with the naked eye.

4. I was watching through the second story or the dormitory. There was a person on the window and the sighting was spotty, the objects appearing and disappearing from time to time.

5. I have had no experience observing aircraft. I was in the group of forces of the service for thirty-three (33) months.

6. I did not take any pictures.

7. I don't know anything about meteorology.

8. I did not take any pictures.

9. I don't remember hearing or seeing any aircraft in the air on that particular night.