21st Dist OSI (I3)                                                25 Feb 53
SUBJ: Unusual Aerial Objects, Etc.         UNCLASSIFIED              24-0    1 8 [illegible]

Thirty-five (35) miles per hour "dancing and darting about".
Fields, who was in a vehicle, followed and observed the objects
as they proceeded south to the water tower mentioned in paragraph
3. Fields met Camp at 5th Street, stopped the vehicle and observed
with Camp. In the vicinity of the Water Tower the objects "darted
and danced about" and then "danced out of sight" to the south at
a slow rate of speed, approximately 35 miles per hour. Fields
stated that at no time was there any noise emitted by the objects.

7. All of the witnesses interviewed stated that the atmosphere
was extremely clear at the time of the sighting; that there were no
clouds in the sky and that the objects were plainly visible to them
all. The witnesses advised that they distinctly saw the shapes and
characteristics of the object. No distinct markings or openings or
irregularities on the surface of the objects were observed by the
witnesses. All of the witnesses appeared to be reliable, intelligent,
sober individuals who were well acquainted with conventional aircraft.
All of the witnesses stated that they have never observed any
similar objects and could offer no logical explanation for the
sighting.

8. The Base Weather Office, Langley Air Force Base, Va., advised
that the weather sequence for Richmond, Va., at 0530 hours, 10 Feb 53,
was as follows: Clear; visibility 12 miles; temperature 29 degrees;
dewpoint 19F; wind from northwest at 3 knots; no clouds.

9. The U. S. Weather office, Richmond, Virginia, advised that
they had released a weather balloon at 0415 hours, 10 Feb 53 which
ascended at a rate of 700 feet per minute. The Civil Aeronautics
Authority, Meteorological Station, Richmond, Va., advised that they had
released no weather balloons on 10 Feb 53.

10. Attention is invited to the following discrepancies reflected
in statements of Camp and Fields. Camp who was at the southeast end of
the depot stated that he observed the objects approaching his from
the east and that they proceeded to the southwest. Camp stated that
they disappeared from view at a "tremendous rate of speed". Fields
who was at the north end of the depot stated that he observed the
objects coming toward him from the north. Field followed the objects
as they proceeded to the south and of the base where he met Camp, and
thereafter Camp and Fields together observed the objects. Fields stated
that the objects disappeared at a slow rate of speed, approximately 35 miles
per hour.

- 3 -