The image does not contain a photograph. However, I will perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and provide the output:

Supplemental Report.

Subject: Concluding Report to Date. 
Date of Occurrence: October 12, 1953.

On the evening of October 12th, 1953, I found in three different places on the dock, a round fish-like object which the fishermen were in a most anxious state about. I also found some scales on one of our benches.

The fish scales seemed very interested to me and I thought the fact of their unusual nature would be of great interest. I had been working on a commercial fishing boat out of Hampton Bays, New York, in 1953, and perhaps some local residents may have used the dock during that period. When I arrived here, and did not notice their presence then, no one was on the dock, and the object from Monday evening October 12th, which I did not see, has been consumed and other searchers of the birds consumed fish, but I have yet to see a sample or other fish eaten by the birds. Their behavior after their first visit was most peculiar.

I guess our visitors from space must have to eat, the same as we mortals have to do so, and perhaps this is their way of securing food in this area, and as all parts of their craft are still mysterious. We have to realize we are a very long way off from even guessing how they move from place to place, but also are shy. They do not seem to wish to be seen, yet their actions indicate they have curiosity causing them to be under caution.

I have discussed this matter with several friends, as well as my two calls to the police regarding the odd light I saw one evening near the railroad. However, I do not think much credence is given to the small torpedo-like craft leaving its trail and if anyone had seen me that time. Previous to my observations I had a similar incident on the south shore which I later discovered happened during the daylight.

I do not believe that I have been singled out by those who are here for viewing, or their workings. However I think this particular spot was chosen, it is very isolated hidden location provided the necessary seclusion they desired. Since the first visit of the large disc in July, 1953, it has appeared to be departed and dark, and now that the summer places are closed, even more activity is given to finding this hidden unknown. Although I am no longer a seaman of any craft, I believe I was in a store asking me "What is it like a preview of things to come in the future?"

I do not believe that I have been singled out by those who are here for viewing, or their workings. However I think this particular spot was chosen, it is very isolated hidden location provided the necessary seclusion they desired. Since the first visit of the large disc in July, 1953, it has appeared to be departed and dark, and now that the summer places are closed, even more activity is given to finding this hidden unknown.