The image appears to contain a photograph or illustration of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The document appears to be an old report or file from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

University of Arizona Optical Observatory
Department of Astronomy
Tucson, Arizona

3. Lt. Harris, Commanding
2d lieutenant, USAF AFSC 4185
Mitchell Air Force Base, N.Y.

Dear Sir:

In reply to your telegram following a telephone conversation on Feb. 10, I am enclosing herewith a photograph or brilliant meteor sighted over the Arizona area on Feb. 9.

The object was reported to us as having been a "brilliant meteor" which is a somewhat unusual observation, as the description given in your telegram indicates a prolonged flight and maneuvers which are not generally characteristic of meteoric phenomena.

Certain observations that have been made about the object seem to indicate that this may not have been a meteor, since the differences in time can be tolerated, and the maneuverability reported from other sources.

S-e. case 4 towards a visible 5-8 seconds, and it disappearing below his horizon. As he saw it from somewhere near Colorado, it would hardly have been a meteor, as is normally higher than 50° for the start, but as yet we were uncertain.

Another brilliant one was reported to us by a friend who saw it and estimated its speed to be from 2,500 to 3,000 miles per hour, which is well above normal meteor speed.

From the data in your telegram there seems to me absolutely no reason to doubt that the object reported to you was a "fairly small, brilliant, close-in, and high-speed" object. Incidentally, at all the Army and Navy Bases near New York City, the object has been reported by them, and it is suggested that it may be called to the attention of the authorities that they investigate this case, as it may have real military value.

Very sincerely yours,

/s/ and /t/ Charles P. Olivier, Director
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 15 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED