There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report.

UNCLASSIFIED
WING INTELLIGENCE, MOODY AFTB, GA.

On 15 January 1953 at approximately 2135 hours, a visual observation of a bright light was made by several individuals who were in the process of leaving the base through the main gate. The light was seen for approximately 5-10 seconds and then disappeared. The light was described as very bright, orange-red in color, and was observed to be traveling in a northerly direction at a high rate of speed. At the time of the observation, the weather was clear and the sky was only partly clouded.

2. The object was observed by four individuals, all of whom were officers, and two of whom had been trained as pilots. According to these observers, the object was "definitely not an aircraft, either jet or propeller type." It was described as being much larger and brighter than the average aircraft light. The object was not accompanied by any sound that could be associated with its passage. The time of observation was approximately 2135 hours.

3. SOURCE OR CAUSE OF THE OBJECT VISUALLY OBSERVED: UNCERTAIN.

4. It was first thought that the object might have been an aircraft (C-331) when first sighted, but the object's size, speed, and lack of sound precluded this possibility. The object's speed and lack of any trail or exhaust ruled out the possibility of its being a meteor or similar celestial body. Since its characteristics did not match those of any known type of aircraft or celestial phenomena, the nature of the object must be considered UNCERTAIN.

5. A weather observation at 2135 hours in the area confirmed the following conditions: clear sky, visibility 15 miles, winds light and variable, temperature 47째F, dew point 28째F, and a full moon was present. These conditions would not have obscured or interfered with visual observation of the object.

6. Conditions on the Moody AFB, GA, area at the time of the occurrence were as follows: Weather - clear, visibility unlimited; Wind - light and variable; Temperature - 47째F; Dew point - 28째F; Moon - full. The direction of movement of the object was approximately north.

7. A written contact was made with the object by Albany.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED