There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing standardized questionnaires designed to test certain aspects of individuals observing UFO sightings. The text discusses concerns about the validity of the questionnaires and the potential for observers to fabricate details or suffer severe memory distortions when recounting their experiences. It also mentions some specific questions (Nos. 5.1, 22.1, 26, and 26.1) that are intended to gauge the observer's level of certainty and the duration of the observed sighting.

The full text of the document is as follows:

RESTRICTED
SECURITY INFORMATION  UNCLASSIFIED
to the low validity of standardized questionnaires specifically designed to test these aspects of the individual, the restriction exists that the observer should not detect that his competence is being considered. In spite of the limitations, it was decided to include several questions which might operate indirectly to reveal any severely abnormal factors. Two questions (No. 24 and No. 38) were inserted for the specific purpose of detecting replies of the fantastic and over-imaginative individual. The reasonable assumption is that the person who uses fantastic explanations and descriptions, and who appears to be convinced that the sighting was produced by unknown creatures or interplanetary visitors, is not likely to be a discerning observer. It is further proposed that such individuals will be prone to fabricate details, and suffer severe memory distortions when recounting the event.
Questions Nos. 5.1 and 22.1 are intended to indicate the over-anxious respondent. With the exception of a few instances in which accurate measurements may be made, normally one would not expect an observer to be "certain" that he had seen an object for a specific time or of a specific apparent size. Again, these types of data can be subjected to controlled experimentation in which observers make estimates of duration and of size, together with certainty ratings.
Question No. 26 is an important question if No. 26.1 receives a negative reply, and if the duration of the sighting were of sufficient length that one could reasonably expect other observers also to see the object. If this is the case, then one would suspect that the sighting was a result of individual factors.
An effort was made to satisfy the third criterion for the questionnaire by using simple language and nontechnical terminology. It is recognized that

RESTRICTED
SECURITY INFORMATION  UNCLASSIFIED