The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, discussing various observations and interpretations of astronomical bodies and meteor sightings.

stations, or many various ways, but he should check thoroughly to see whether or
not there were any aircraft flights in the area of the sighting.
Astronomical Bodies
As far as astronomical bodies are concerned, ATIC has a professional astronomer
under contract to review sightings that they believe to be caused by astronomical
bodies. By astronomical bodies we mean planets, stars, planets, or meteors. The most
valuable information in the analysis of an unidentified flying object that is suspected of being an astronomical body is the bearing, the azimuth, and the time.
From this we can check back through almanacs and determine the locations of certain
bright stars. Stars that give us trouble are Venus, Jupiter, Capella and several
others.
Meteors are not too difficult to evaluate because they seem to have a standard
description. If someone reports an object similar to a rocket going across the sky
at high speed and leaving a trail behind it, chances are it is a meteor. However,
in certain instances we have had very unusual meteors reported. We have found that
there are certain classes of meteors that astronomers call fireballs. These are
so bright that there is a good chance that you may see one in your life, if any.
This has probably accounted for many reports by pilots who state that they met a
huge ball of fire coming directly at their aircraft and at times have even racked
up the aircraft to get out of its path. Many times these are reported as missiles.
We have had pilots who have complained to the Air Force about shooting rockets, or
complaining missiles through the air and endangering their aircraft. This
is a rather foolish statement, however, when you get to thinking about it. For,
if a missile appeared anywhere outside the proving grounds chances are it would
be enemy. However, if you have studied missiles you will note that the burning
time, or the time before fuel cut-off, is only a relatively short period during the
missile's flight. If we would say, hypothetically, a rocket was shot from some