There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. government study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TRUE COPY
Quarters
Sampson Air Force Base
October 9, 1952

Wing Intelligence Officer
Andrews J. Room 134
Sampson Air Force Base

Re: Unusual Round Aircraft

Dear Sir: 

At approximately 11:15 this morning I was hanging out clothes in the wooden area behind our quarters, when I became conscious of an unusual, loud roaring noise. I looked toward the direction of the sound, the propellant and it is a moment saw a silvery object. This was traveling high in a westerly direction, seemingly over the main base.

Suddenly its motion changed to a fact. It moved to the other side of the dusk, traveling on its edge. My thought was "Flying Saucer" and then to see nearer to observe it and hear the unusual sound. With her brother, we hastened to the shelter house of the Quartets, but could see nothing, only the continuation of the roar. It was deafening in its pitch and my ears continue ringing for some time. I have never heard anything like it before. It seemed to me to be a sort of hovering or the drone of other airplanes with a slight break, but a constant, monotonous sound. I noticed no vapor streaks as from jets.

I would guess that I actually saw the object about 11:20 and that with the other brother seen the same thing for five minutes as we discussed "saucers" and the sound. Then I deliberated very seriously before calling in the information. If it had been only the appearance, I would have discounted what I saw, but coupled with the sound which was so different from anything I had ever experienced, I reported it through our channels from the one to Captain Wiley at Seneca Ordnance as he was the one to give the report.

At 11:42 our daughter, who is almost nine, came dashing in to tell me she had seen a flat, silvery object traveling from the southwest over the hospital, making a funny noise. She thought it had maneuvered making a complete circle and had not been able to get a good look at it because of the speed. From the size she showed with her hands, the object had looked to her about the size of a silver dollar, while to me it had seemed much the size of a bowl of a teacup, rather than the size of a saucer to the principal to call me back to tell me a single jet was circling Ordnance.

UNCLASSIFIED