The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a supplement to an AF Form 112.

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORT NO. 42-37-53
PAGE 3 of 4 PAGES
August 3, 1953

Base Operations Officer
Amarillo Air Force Base
Amarillo, Texas

Dear Sir:

In accordance with your request, I am forwarding to you my observations of an unidentified flying object sighted near the Amarillo Air Terminal on August 3, 1953.

I was at the Amarillo Control Tower on August the 3, 1953 and was looking north out of the tower cab for an aircraft when I observed an object which I immediately recognized as something other than an aircraft. The object was moving in a northeasterly direction at a high rate of speed. It was a brilliant white light and was holding a steady course. The object made a fast and very sharp 90 degree turn and was moving in an easterly direction. It then made a sharp turn and started moving in a southerly direction, again at a high rate of speed.

The object was not a balloon as it did not rise and that it was moving faster than any balloon I have ever seen. I could observe no outline or shape to the object. It was simply a brilliant white light. The object appeared to be approximately 1/2 the size of a dime held at arm's length. I observed the object for approximately 45 seconds to 1 minute. They the object disappeared from my view, apparently moving out of my range of vision. The control tower did not have any other aircraft in the vicinity of the object during the time I observed it.

As you will note, this case is similar to some of the others that have been reported, and the object observed exhibited characteristics that are common to many of the unidentified flying objects that have been reported. While I cannot offer an explanation as to the identity of the object, the visual characteristics and the high rate of speed at which it was traveling would seem to indicate that it was something other than a conventional aircraft.

Sincerely,

[Signature]

Amarillo Control Tower

UNCLASSIFIED