The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from The Ohio State University, dated April 9, 1973, addressed to a "First Lieutenant" regarding a sighting of an unidentified flying object. The document discusses the details of the sighting and makes recommendations for further investigation.

THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY
HOWARD L. BEVIS, PRESIDENT 
COLUMBUS 10

EMERSON N.MHJER OBSERVATORY
April 9, 1973

1st Lieutenant Paul J. Olsson
523-72-9773, USAF
Eglin AFB, Florida

Dear First Lieutenant:

Thank you for your letter and comments. I am think that you are getting somewhat baffled with this system of ours. I have made a rather careful search and analysis of the truly unknown cases with their follow-up so that a true scientific evaluation can follow up on critical points of the data. I want to go to the other extreme and make a much more complete analysis of thse cases, so that I can convince myself that little outstanding values can be eliminated. We should be able to set up some experiments to demonstrate these phenomena as well as we can do with other things, and this can come only to existing phenomena. 

I hope that you will continue with this work and that we can have a successful attack on this watch of 16 March. Of the 12 cases in this watch, 8 were within the USAF and 4 were in USAF reserves. The have the following up to the same incidents seem to be worth definite attention: On 7 March there were 8 sightings, and 12 those of 6 British reports. On 9 March there were 7 watch again seem to have been down. 

Now as to Shaw AFB, I am sure you are of some interest, the most important is of watch, as perhaps we have had some 200 sph and still have been unable to get confirmation of a few minutes on any of the following: a) Aircraft of unknown configuration taking off or landing at Shaw AFB but seen for only a few minutes, b) Two unidentified objects over Shaw AFB APB a few hours later refer to the same thing. 

We are naturally interested that the object could have been 30 feet or more in diameter, but information is still too scanty to come to firm conclusions on the actual size, shape, speed, etc. of the phenomena. Have you received any other reports on this case?