The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with text only.

ASTRONOMER BB has made no sighting personally, but informed the writer that he would talk to a reputable committee of scientists if he did see anything.

ASTRONOMER CG has made no sightings himself although he has been in a very good position to do so. He was reluctant to discuss the matter to any extent.

ASTRONOMER DD, with a top professional rating, has seen nothing personally, nor does he know of any of his associates who have. Interested in the problem, he feels that a scientific panel could provide the answer.

ASTRONOMER EE has made some unidentifiable sightings. He has seen a phenomenon which most people would have said was a "flying saucer". This turned out to be a beacon light describing a cone of light, part of which intercepted a high cirrus cloud. This led to a series of elliptical lights moving in one direction and never coming back.

ASTRONOMER FF has seen none himself, but recently received a report from a ranger who said he was an amateur astronomer; he reported a bright light but said that it was not a meteor. ASTRONOMER FF said his recitation of the incident was very dramatic. ASTRONOMER FF suggested sending up a control "flying saucer" to see how many reports come back. Apparently he had in mind an extremely bright rocket or perhaps a spectacular balloon. (See footnote.)

Footnote: Again, I would not think much of this suggestion. It would serve to tell us how many people would be crazy enough to report this as a flying saucer. It would not show us the number of people who report a typical sighting, if the numbers agree then this would be some proof that an actual object had been sighted in the latter cases. The confusion that would be created by this maneuver is hardly worth the while. Recently, the balloon sightings over Columbus gave us an indication of some results that can be obtained. Certainly thousands or not thousands of people saw the balloons which, incidentally, were not spectacularly (Footnote continued on page 12.)