There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image shows text from an old Project Blue Book document.

Transcribed text from the document:

Investigation report
Investigator: Donald S. Keyhoe Major, USAF (Ret.)
Location: Creola, Alabama
Date: August 6, 1953
Incident: At approximately 1000 GCT, on 21 July 1953, the object was sighted and investigated.

The following observations were reported by the observers:

On 21 July 1953 at approximately 1000 GCT, two citizens of Creola, Alabama were observing the sky from their home when they noticed a bright metallic object in the sky at an estimated altitude of about 3000 feet. The object was traveling in a general westerly direction at a high rate of speed. The object was visible through the windshield of an automobile for approximately 2 to 3 minutes. The object appeared to be circular in shape and about the size of a quarter held at arm's length. The object was observed to make an abrupt 90 degree turn and continue on in a generally northerly direction at the same high rate of speed. The observers stated that the object was completely silent and left no visible trail. The location of the observers at the time was approximately 30 minutes west of Creola, Alabama.

Later on 21 July 1953, members of the USAF Radar Laboratory in New York, New York were questioned regarding the above sighting. The personnel stated that no unusual radar targets had been detected in the Creola, Alabama area.

The Investigator's opinion based on the investigation is that the object sighted was not an aircraft or a weather balloon. The facts that the object made an abrupt 90 degree turn and was traveling at a high rate of speed, coupled with the lack of any sound or trail, tend to rule out a conventional aircraft or weather balloon. The Investigator is unable to offer any definite explanation as to the nature of the object observed. It is possible that the object was some type of unconventional aircraft or other aerial phenomenon. The Investigator recommends that the case be filed for further study and investigation should additional information become available.