The image does not contain any photographs, only text.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Three kinds of evidence are present in the South Dakota sightings: visual from the ground, from GOC; radar evidence; and visual from the air. All visual sightings at Rapid City and Black Hawk were quite low on the horizon. This itself makes matters suspect. The initial incident which started the whole train of events was the sighting by Miss -------- in at about 0305Z, of an object which appeared in the south-east; moved rapidly to the SSE, changing color from red to green as it did so. It then hovered there for awhile, she said, and then went back quite quickly and disappeared back of the hills. When asked to estimate the time it would have taken to cross the fingers of her out-stretched hand, she estimated about 5 seconds. This is quite in contradiction to the original statements. She was observing it from the front steps of a neighbor's cottage, and accordingly, Fig. 9 and 10 are shots taken from the exact position of the observation. Mrs. ------- who saw the object simultaneously said at first "it's nothing but the red tower light." (There is an FM tower with a red obstruction light barely visible from their porch.) This establishes at any rate the redness of the color. The [changles to green may be subjective although both were emphatic that it did this. Both women were asked independently to draw the path of the object, and the paths more or less agree, as seen in Fig. 9 and 10. Since this was the initial incident, it is interesting to speculate whether this was an aircraft. Miss ----, although an excitable and rather cocky individual, and in some respects overbearing, [is nevertheless rated as one of the best observers connected with[ the Filter Center. She is reputed to know planes in detail and has on occasion identified the aircraft as to tyre and motor when it would only dimly be heard in the distance.] To the direct question as to whether this might have been an aircraft, she emph<atically stated that this was out of the question: that she knew aircraft, period.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

DOO DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```