There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this scanned document. This appears to be a typed letter from an official at The Ohio State University addressed to Lt. Robert Olsson from the ATIC-Wright-Patterson AFB. The letter discusses a recent incident involving reported UFO sightings and requests follow-up information and data. The text of the letter has been produced below:

THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY
Howard L. Bevis, President
EMERSON MACK LLIN OBSERVATORY
21 July 1953

1st Lt. Robert Olsson 
ATIC - Wright-Patterson AFB

Dear Lt.:

This is quite a batch coming back at you. I think the idea of being in readiness with a press release is a good idea. I should like to have Dr. Hynek's comments in two cases here we are taking, the liberty of sending out Form A's with an accompanying story. Hynex has indicated that "he hopes this will lead to more reports".

In two cases here we are taking the liberty of sending out Form A's with an accompanying story. Hynek has indicated that "he hopes this will lead to more reports". If you have any objection to this procedure please let us know.

As to the object you say in the notes may I hope to top? Did you know I am calling here will in all follow, I am afraid, during September, and we will attack headquarters to get on to business.

There appears to be only two possible pechottles in this last batch: request a complete report and follow-up. On both of these I should like to have a balloon, though the evidence is against a balloon.

Other Godfrey's on page yet should be a balloon, though the evidence is again the balloon. I think the best thing to do is to wait for further data. I am asking you to handle this point as you see it because as I no point in having it up unless they follow up.

The CASES are also needs follow-up with special attention to the 3 questions on our Form as to the others: we pass by with a spark the little monkey man.

As to the Tinker Tower cases, how come such an epidemic of balloons? Can't they tell a balloon from 5 holes in the ground? I get a hole in the Tinker Tower pictures. And the 21 July 6th cases, I don't think much of the observer.

On the others, the notes we have made on the Form I just about cover the cases. We have some references that cannot be important only if they want to lead to something else they refer. They would probably be important only if they lead to something else they refer.

Please give our regards to Major Hynek and indoctrinate him fully into the system we have on file. Any suggestions he may have on the method of handling sightings would of course be appreciated.

Cordially,
Allen