This document contains no photographs.

**Extracted Text:**

```
SAUCER NEWS
OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE SAUCER AND UNEXPLAINED CELESTIAL EVENTS RESEARCH SOCIETY

MAILING ADDRESS: P. O. BOX 163, FORT LEE, N. J. 07024
OFFICE: 303 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, N. Y. 10016
TELEPHONE: MURRAY HILL 6-3743
EDITOR:
JAMES W. MOSELEY

NON-SCHEDULED NEWSLETTER #25
November 10th, 1965

Important Notice: This Newsletter contains several of the most unusual reports that we have received in recent months. Please do not write us asking for further information. Names and other identifying detalls which have been deleted from these reports are in our confidential files, but cannot be given out to anyone.

FROM THE GRAPEVINE:

WE HEAR of an amazing saucer report that the Ar Force will undoubtedly deny: On April 15th, 1953, a mysterious object thirty feet in diameter was observed landing at an Air Torce base in the midsouthern United States. Startled personnel gaped as they saw three "little men" disembark from the craft and walk towards them. One of the "men” reached into a small enclosure hanging from the right side of his space suit, and took out an object that resembled a gun. A panic-stricken soldier took a rifle and shot at him, apparently inflicting a mortal wound. The others picked up their injured companion, re-entered their craft, and took off, disappearing rapidly in the sky. Jets were scrambled, but the saucer could not be located, despite an intensive search by tracking instruments.
WE HEAR that a major UFO author is presently writing propaganda for the U. S. Information Agency, and other Governmental connections have been hinted at.
WE HEAR that scientists on the other side of the Iron Curtain are almost frantic in their efforts to sguoich the increasingly widespread reports of saucer landings in the Soviet Union and neighboring countries. One report described a crew of "little men” who were seen wandering around one of the collective farms during the night, picking up samples of the withered crops. Security guards surrounded the "men," but a saucer came down out of the sky, landed, and picked up the threatened party. It took off soon afterwards. Other reports described mysterious plane disappearances following UFO encounters.
WE HEAR that one of the district representatives for a saucer publication in the eastern portion of the United States is currently being confined in a mental institution, and rumors are circulating that he has suffered breakdowns on several previous occasions. We wish him a speedy recovery, so that he may help review more of the flying saucer evidence.
WE HEAR that interest in the Shaver Mystery was revived in a large city on the West Coast recently, when a number of people reported hearing mysterious voices in the night. A well-known occult researcher investigated these claims, and, in querying the unfortunate victims about the conversatlons they had heard, he learned the details of a large cave in Arizona that was supposed to house a Dero colony. The researcher equipped an expedition to the cave, and sent letters to several key personalities in the saucer field with admonitions that they were not to be opened unless he did not return. He then left for his trip.
%itnesses saw him enter the cave, and several minutes later they broke out in a cold sweat when they heard violent screams coming from its interior. The group was so frightened that they left without bothering to learn of the poor man’s fate. To this day, he has not been found.
To complicate this mystery, one of the parties who received a sealed envelope from the missing researcher, searched through his files, only to find a few scattered ashes where the envelope was originally placed!
```