The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, which was a UFO investigation project conducted by the United States Air Force.

OCR Text:

remove any doubt, the tracks were taken of flights made during July and August 1952 when reports were coming in at the rate of 50 per day. These balloons were seen and reported as "flying saucers" at only ______ points.
(Slide - show typical balloon tracks)

Questionnaires
To increase the efficiency of the collection of data, ATIC has devised several different types of questionnaires. One of these questionnaires is for use by ground observers, or people who sight something from the ground, one is for people who sight things from the air, one for radar sightings, and one for general background information. These questionnaires have been made up after a great deal of study.
Approximately a year ago, ATIC arranged to have a group of scientists and professional people to design a questionnaire. These people studied all questionnaires that had been previously used in this project, they studied our file of sightings, and arrived at a tentative version of our present questionnaire. This tentative questionnaire was used for a period of approximately three months, the results analyzed, revisions made, and a final questionnaire was made up.
It is believed that these questionnaires will accomplish two things: (1) if the officer in the field receiving the report will use it, it will give him a better idea as to what data is wanted and will make his collection much more efficient and faster. These questionnaires can be attached to an AF Form 112 as an inclosure or attached to a letter report. Although AF Letter 200-5 states what information will be sent, it does not mean that this will be the only information sent. If you are familiar with this letter, you will note that it says that all information pertaining to the sighting will be sent. The questionnaires contain all of the required data plus others, so it is legal to use them. Copies of these questionnaires can be reproduced in your own unit, obtained from your headquarters, or from ATIC.