There is no photograph present on this page.

**OCR Output:**

```
CFFICIAL FILE COPY

ARDCIA:lba/Maj Friend/anc/69216/typed 27 Apr 60

Request For UFO Information (Mr 12  - - - -- me)

SAFOI -3d (Maj Tacker)

1. The following are suggested answers to the questions penned by

     in the attached lettet:

     It must be assumed that the much publicized Washington radar

sightings of 19 July 1952, is the one in question. This case was deter-

mined to be targets caused by a temperature inversion.

b There is no record in the Air Force files of a sighting at

Kinross AFB on 23 November 1953. The Kinross case, as outlined in

several books and other publications on UFO's, states that an aircraft

was carried away by an unidentified flying object. There is no case

in the files which even closely parallels these circumstances

     The objects in the FILM taken at Tremonton, Utah on 2 July 1952,

were determined to be birds, probably sea gulls.

     The Air rerce rule carries no conclusion on the photographs taken

by Mr - - - near Amarillo, Texas on 2 August 1955. Not kno'.v.i ng

 what radiation was - - -, it is the Air Force opinion that some unknom1n

man at the time speculated that the object was an irradiated vapor trail

and was honestly or deliberately mis-quoted.

     The Air Force is not aware of any release date for the photo-

 graph taken by Mr - -. The original was in the hands of the owner

and he was free to do with it as he pleased.
     
f. Air Force experience has been that there is no increase in
radiation due to unidentified flying objects. It should be understood
that the normal background for any area may fluctuate a few hundredths
of a milliroentgen, this is considered normal and constitutes no danger
whatsoever.

g. The Air Force is not aware of any statements, official or other-
wise, by a government agency to the effect that UFO's are space ships.

h. The Air Force has no specific knowledge of internal tracking of
unidentified flying objects.

i. The Air Force file contains no record of a report at Barber's
Point, Pearl Harbor on 8 August 1953, in fact, no report from Hawaii

                                                  

                                                   27
                                                   a n c
                                    mutilated o
```