The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

they may be clusters of these weather balloons, or they may be large polyethylene balloons that are 100 ft. in diameter. With the present emphasis on cosmic ray study many different types of balloons are being launched in the United States.

The other category is the regularly launched weather balloons. These are launched from known locations in the United States at definite times.

Project Blue Book gets data on the large research type balloons either through ADC or, if necessary, direct from the launching agency. Due to the nature of this problem, ADC is familiar with most of the agencies in the country who are launching research balloons and can go directly to these people to get information on their balloon tracks.

On the regularly scheduled weather balloon launches, Blue Book has data on all launch sites and knows the approximate time of launch each day. We have the authority to go directly to these stations to obtain data on their balloons or, if the time element is not critical, to go through Air Weather Service to get it from their central files. Fortunately, many of these balloons are tracked, either by radar or by radio DF and it is possible to get the exact tracks of the balloons.

Balloons do not give us any trouble when they look like balloons, it is when they don't look like balloons that they give us trouble and they can take on many odd appearances. In the daytime a balloon will appear to be a very bright star in the sky. What is happening is that the sun's rays are diffusing into the balloon and causing it to glow. Under ideal conditions a balloon can be seen as high as 90,000 ft, but under more adverse conditions a balloon possibly cannot be seen over 4,000 to 6,000 ft. It depends a great deal on the haze. During the daytime a balloon at very high altitude will appear to be stationary or traveling very slowly. At night balloons that are lighted will appear to be a radically moving light. This light may even appear to change color, due to the atmospheric conditions.