There is no visible photograph in the image provided. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

AT FORM 112—PART II UNCLASSIFIED 
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT 
FROM (OWMER) PAGE OF PAGES 
Statement by

At approximately 1740 hours, 24 February 1953, my wife and I left the apartment at 1403 East Chaffin St., Sherman, Texas, to go to the theater. While driving along 7th St. in Sherman, I suddenly noticed an object in the sky which appeared to be a star, only it was moving. I pointed this out to my wife and we both observed what appeared to be a bright light in the sky. It seemed to be at a high altitude and we watched as it moved across the sky, gradually disappearing from view. After calling Intelligence, I had my wife sit down and write out the attached drawing. I had the impression that the object asked or signaled in some way, as if it was aware of our observation. I asked my wife if she considered the object to be "only a star", and she stated emphatically that it was not a star, but rather some type of aerial vehicle, definitely not an aircraft, meteor, or star. The object appeared to be moving at a very high rate of speed and did not follow the normal path of a meteor or aircraft. The total time of observation was 3 minutes.

After calling Intelligence, I had my wife sit down and write out the attached drawing. I had the impression that the object asked or signaled in some way, as if it was aware of our observation. I asked my wife if she considered the object to be "only a star", and she stated emphatically that it was not a star, but rather some type of aerial vehicle, definitely not an aircraft, meteor, or star. The object appeared to be moving at a very high rate of speed and did not follow the normal path of a meteor or aircraft. The total time of observation was 3 minutes.

The concluding morning I called weather and found that at the time of sighting the ceiling was 1400 feet and overcast was very thin and could almost be seen through.

USAF
Perrin AFB, Texas

DOWNGRADE TO DE CLASSIFIED AFTER 10 YEARS
DEC CLASSIFIED IAW DOD DIR 5200.10