The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text only.

STATEMENT

At about 8:55, May 7, 1953, I was at my residence at *** *************, San Antonio, Texas. I had just taken three steps and was going to the front porch and was going to tell the stars and define a group of objects. I looked out at many objects of small size in the southwest sky at about a forty-five degree angle from my vision. These objects were very bright. When I first saw them there were only two or three impressions in a split second. At first I thought it was a star constellation. But they were growing in number and became more numerous, as many as ten or fifteen. I became confused and could not count them. I decided to go into the house and get an airplane because there were too many lights and the object appeared to be too big. I walked to the middle of the yard to get a better look at it and as I got out there it appeared almost overhead. At other times when I watched the sky, I have been witness to seeing the lighted navigation lights of an airplane, and this did not appear to be like any airplane because the lights were too large and too big. There were eight or ten of these lights pasted at regular intervals towards the top of the object for those lights seemed to form a perfect semi-circle. As it passed overhead, I could see the outline of the object. It was very distinctly oval. I can say that the object was as large as a house, at least forty or fifty feet across. It made no noise whatever. I was amazed and could hardly contain my speech. The things that struck me as being so peculiar that an aircraft that size could be so clearly seen yet make no sound. It was moving in a straight line on a definite course in a north-easterly direction. I would estimate the speed to be as less as one hundred miles per hour, but very steady and constant. When I first saw the object I viewed it from the back yard but there is a big pecan tree in the back yard and by the time I took a clear view all together it could have been that the house and the tree in the back yard had disappearance. Another thing I noticed was that the object itself, it looked dark. I couldn't determine the color of the object itself, it was illuminated by the reflection of the lights and if any color could describe it, I would say that it was dark gray.

I certify that this statement is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.