There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a newspaper called "THE DAILY OKLAHOMAN" containing text related to UFO sightings.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

THE DAILY OKLAHOMAN
Bright Objects in Sky Set Phones, Nerves Jingling
know about it. Within an hour my
wife, Delphyne Clelland, and
our photographer and Public Relations man were on our way. I
was permitted to interview Officer Shea for two hours. We interviewed over fifty eyewitnesses. We ran down leads and came up with a story for Sunday's paper. Saturday night telephone calls to the home of W. F. Rizer, our Senior Director, interrupted Officer Shea's action.
Upon returning to Oklahoma City
a full report was typed out.
Fred Black, Gene Edwards, and Mike Buchanan said that the Oklahoma Highway Patrol trooper located near Edmond, Oklahoma had been receiving UFD reports since 8:50 p.m. So far they had received in the neighborhood of 23 reports all telling the same story. People were observing the UFD's from Purcell north thru Norman to Chandler and Shawnee.
Shawnee reported that the UFD's
were flying in a diamond type formation. Cushing, reported four of
the UFD's. They estimated that
they had four UFD's come on radar at 2100 ft. which coincided with
visual sightings. The UFD's were
all multicolored. They hovered for
as much as two hours, faded out
and then disappeared with great 
speed.
As the night continued on did
the UFD reports continued, Gov.
Moore, Tulsa, Purcell, Chandler, Gape, Del City, Midwest City,
Edmond, El Reno and Oklahoma
City. Then the reports came in
from Texas.
Odessa, Midland, Fort Worth, Canyon and Dallas. New Mexico also
reported UFO's over Hobbs, Carlsbad and Artisia. The UFO reports
that came in from Kans. Guymon,
Belle Plaine, Winfield, Caldwell,
Newkirk, Enid and Wichita also
reported the UFO'S as egg-turtie
shaped flying in formations, making sharp maneuvers and changing colors. By midnight UPD from
Dallas reported that several thousand UFD'S had been sighted over
Texas and Oklahoma. All sightings
were as amazing as they could be.
Reports came in later than they could be handled. Ft. Sill,
Harrah, Yukon, Paula Valley, Stratford, Oklahoma Highway Patrol Trooper, Lindsey, Pauls Valley, Stratford, Lindsay, Pauls Valley, Stratton, Mcalister, Wewoka, Durant, Me
Donald and Sulphur also reported
Eufaula. Also all sightings were
made by Shell Highway Patrol
Units and police officers.
The Air Force has announced
that the "bright objects" seen recently in Washington said initial
study of the flood of sightings indicates they were probably reflections
of the moon, off high altitude in-
struments in the upper atmosphere. "The objects observed may have been the
planet Jupiter or the stars Rigl, Capella, Betelgeuse or Aldebaran,
which are now low in the northwest," the Air Force said. "At the time of the sightings, the maximum and elevation of
the reported objects coincided that
period of time when these stars and astronomical
Jupiter would present the pronouanced phenomenon and temnptation confusion" It was also pointed out that the temperature
varies from Washington to Oklahoma City by sixty degrees or more, which would prevent a
nation-wide observation of the same objects.

On Mars
beam appeared to be hundreds of
miles in length and was observed
for seventy minutes. Professor
Lowill believed they could have
been signals, while the received
Professor W. H. Pickering (Mt. Wilson Observatory, California), On May 20th, 1903, a "chat-a-dike" object was observed near the terminator of Mars by
Lowed, which remained visible for
several days.
From October 10-12, 1924, clouds
appeared to project from the Martial surface and covered the large
region known as Hellas.
On June 4, 1937, Japanese astronomer, Shiro Honda observed
luminous Jacus near Syd Regions on Mars. They observed the unusual phenomenon for a
full five minutes at 850 millimetimes the diameter reflecting
the phenomenon in the Earth.
Saheki sighted a luminous yellow
cloud, 700 miles in diameter and
40 miles above the planet's sur-face. It was believed to be a "brilliant alone" lasting several minutes. Kubrick's most sighting "the cloud" of illumination forming about the center
in July, 1954 when the Mrs observer was Briggs. On representation suddenly brightened for about five seconds.
On August 30, Dr. Gerard P.
Kuiper reported that a "misty
circular" inflatable the right before took a form 1000 miles in length 
and 20 miles wide. The following
day, the cloud elongated to a
length of 3000 miles and had a 
width of 200 miles in the strange
shape of the letter "E".
If Mars is inhabited, the two
great clouds are the principal structures which are in the means of this planet. Were also formed
to construct these canals to rtreid
the water-evaporation process and
consequently to preserve their
civilization.

HQOPO ACTIVITIES

August 3, 1963 WKY TV-radio
sponsored a "UFO Sky Watch
Party" from 10:00-12:00 p.m. on
the lawn of WKY-TV. Over 2,000
persons participated.

August 6, UFO lecture to the
Cosmopolitan International Club.

August 8, UFO lecture was held
in Topeka, Kansas.

August 15, UFO discussing program KWHP-FM.

August 22, UFO lecture at the
New Age Center, Oklahoma City.

August 23, UFO discussion program KWHP-FM.

August 24, UFO lecture at the
New Age Center, Oklahoma City.

August 31, UFO discussion on
NBC Monitor with HQOPO.

September 4, 11, 18, 25, UFO discussion program KWHP.