The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this particular page.

UNCLASSIFIED

6. The following information was obtained in interrogation of 1st Lt. Green, 17th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, Thule Air Base. Both observers color 1st Lt. Green, pilot and 2nd Lt. Duncan, radar observer of the 17th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, Thule Air Base. Both observers color:

a. Observers were on an airborne training mission at the time of sighting. At approximately 1635Z, they were flying at an altitude of 22,000' climbing to 24,000', turning to a heading of 160째, speed 300 knots. They observed an object which looked more like a flame than a light. The object was assumed to be a celestial body from which a tail or trail blazed of 1-2 miles in length. The color of the object was yellow-orange in shade. The object's apparent size was approximately 1/2 of the diameter of a dime held at arm's length, or approximately 3 mils. It faded out in the distance after approximately 6 miles. The object appeared to be at the same altitude as the aircraft and was off to the right of the aircraft's flight path a distance of 3-4 miles. The object moved away at an estimated speed of 50 to 100 knots and elevation of 5째 from the observer's position, traveling in a straight and level path.

b. No interception was attempted or airborne radar contact established. No other known air traffic in the area at the time of sighting. For weather conditions see paragraph 5.

7. The following information was obtained from further interrogation:

7. c. Duncan, 2nd Lt., Radar Observer, F-94, and observer of sighting recorded information in paragraph 6.

8. This sighting was made during the same flight at approximately 1635Z. At this time, the aircraft was approximately 5220 knots at a position approximately 7 miles east of Thule Air Base. Observers saw an object described as having same size, shape and characteristics as described in paragraph 6, when first sighted the object. The flight path of the object was on a heading of 360째, straight and level at a speed of approximately 1000 knots. The object was on a heading of 350째 for a period of 1 second. The pilot turned to intercept but no interception was made. Interrogation revealed no other known air traffic in the area at the time of sighting. Negative information relative to other sightings was obtained.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; 
NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED