The image does not appear to contain any photographs. However, there is text on the document that can be extracted using optical character recognition (OCR):

RESTRICTED
SECURITY INFORMATION
UNCLASSIFIED
-10-
they were promised complete anonymity and if they could report their sightings
to a group of serious, respected scientists who would regard the problem as a
scientific one, then they would be willing to cooperate to the very fullest
extent.
Astronomer X suggested that an article be written in some astronomical
journal informing the astronomical world that a reliable clearing house for
such information exists. (See footnote.) Astronomer Y, and others, were of
the strong opinion that the astronomical world should be informed through
reliable channels as to what the Air Force is doing in tracking down these
stories and what is being done to put the investigation of such incidents on
a scientific basis.
Astronomer Z, from Germany, has sighted none himself but tells that
flying saucer reports also exist in Germany, but he believes that many may have
been introduced the Occupation Forces. He reports that rumors are frequent
that the flying saucers might be from Mars, but thinks these reports are taken
by the intelligent simply as American propaganda to cover up the existence of
secret weapons. Or, they say, if not the Americans, then the Soviets.
Astronomer AA, from England, has made no sightings himself. He tells
that such sightings are talked about in England, however. The only specific
case he knows anything about is that of the falling ice which killed the sheep.
These very hardly "flying saucers" served a very special purpose in getting
meat rationing because when a sheep was killed, obviously for table use, the
blame was put to falling ice. The stories ended when a chemical examination
of the only authentic case of such a fall showed the ice to have uric acid in
it. This led to a change in the sanitation routines aboard the BOAC planes!
Footnotes: The writer does not agree with this, and it would almost immediately
fall into the hands of the press and the ensuing publicity would
be a strong detriment to the receipt of reports.

RESTRICTED
UNCLASSIFIED