The image contains a diagram and text related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs) observed near Idlewild Airport in New York on November 2, 1953. The diagram shows the estimated positions and bearings of the UFOs relative to the observer. The text describes the observations, including that the UFOs appeared to be flying objects, that there was no sound or trail associated with them, and that a helicopter was also observed in the area at the time. The text also mentions that the weather was fair and that the sun was setting when the UFOs were observed.

UNCLASSIFIED

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
OVER IDLEWILD AIRPORT
NOVEMBER 2, 1953

The size of each object is compared to that of a fifty cent piece (50¢) held at arm's length, and were basically green in color. At no time was there any sign of tail trail or exhaust, nor was any sound heard, as it flashed by in a direct and moving direction.

When first observed, the observer advised that the objects appeared to be hovering but that the lower group was moving in an easterly direction with the upper group in a westerly direction. These objects were at an estimated 1500 altimeter and of considerable magnitude as previously described. At no times were they in horizontal alignment but were in columnar and vertical formation approxima tely fourteen (14) minutes and terminated upon buildings obscuring further observation. These objects afforded the attention of numerous other witnesses as to their presence, for telescopes and can be no satisfactory explanation of the actual contents, other than of unidentified origin.

It was advised that the weather had been fair, that the sun was setting, and that the sky had scattered clouds to the southwesterly and that at one time the type cloud had obscured the lower group of objects.

It was stated that a helicopter of the windmill type and a TU-3 compass compass were in the air at the time. At some length, compared the helicopter to a five cent piece (5¢) and the TU-3 to a twenty-five cent piece (25¢) and that they were at 10 and 35 degree azimuth respectively.