STATEMENT

Upon completion of a tour of duty from 1600 to 2400 27 February 1953, I left the building in which I had just been relieved from duty when an officer and several airmen who were standing outside brought to my attention what they considered to be a flying saucer. I looked up and saw a light moving over the field on a heading of east. I said to the men that it was probably a weather instrument of some kind from Kelly Air Force Base. I took a few more steps toward my automobile and then decided to have another look. The object seemed to be at high altitude and it was picking up speed in a climb. Its size appeared to be slightly larger than the average star and its color had more of an orange that similar to the exhaust from a B-25 when the mixtures are too rich. The thing was that there was absolutely no sound involved from the object as it crossed the sky. The weather was crystal clear at this time. The surface winds were calm. The object continued climbing until it went out of sight. I got into my car and drove approximately one block when I was stopped by a group of men standing out in the street pointing toward the sky. I stopped the car and got out for a look. At this time the object, I am assuming that was the same one that I saw before, came across the field on a heading of south-west at what appeared to be a faster speed and at a lower altitude. I say at a lower altitude because it appeared to be at least twice as big as it was before. The color was the same and still there were no conventional engine, jet or prop sound. The object continued its flight across the sky until it disappeared and I decided to go to Base Operations and report what I had seen. There was no one at operations to handle the report so I initiated a small investigation on my own to see if what I had seen could be explained. I called Kelly Air Force Base Operations and asked if they had any traffic in the air. He said that they had a couple of conventional type aircraft in the local area. I then called flight service in Austin and made a report of the sighting and requested if they had any jet aircraft in the vicinity of San Antonio and he said that there was some jet traffic in the vicinity of Waco but none in the San Antonio area. I then called Kelly for a verification of what he had told me before and he stated that they had contacted one of their local aircraft and that he had seen nothing unusual and that it was perfect flying weather. I called the Base Officer of the Day and was instructed to make a formal report in the morning. I first saw the object at 0002 27 February and when I got home at 0100, I decided to call Randolph Air Force Base and see if they had any information that might help with an explanation. Randolph operations stated that they had not had any aircraft activity during this period.

[1st Lt REDACTED]