JULY                                    WORLD SCIENCE REVIEW

[Image: Box containing text "Flying Saucer photographed by George [illegible], California, 1952. This is probably the most discussed flying saucer picture issued."]

The "Saucer"

Suddenly they came out into a kind of clearing. There it stood, a great shiny craft unlike anything the simple Mexican had ever seen. In form it had the shape of two huge soup plates joined at the rim. Above it was a shallow dome with portholes. The entire structure, about forty feet across, rested on three great metal spheres or landing balls. Unless this was some secret invention from the United States, it was surely a ship from another world.

As they approached a faint humming came from within the craft and a portion of the lower hull opened outwards, much in the manner of the rear entrance to a D.C. 3, so that the inner table of the panel formed a staircase to the craft and the supporting cables became handrails. The two men went up the short light of steps, pausing on the top rung and look at their earthly companion.

"Would you care to come inside with us?" came the invitation.

Villanueva could only shake his head. His wife, his family, his job, his home and all the things he loved and loved suddenly seemed very real. No, he would be afraid to leave them for something alien and utterly beyond his understanding.

When he explained he could not enter, he was told to remain outside. He could readily believe his own senses. That this could have happened to him! Impossible!

Pendulum Motion

It took a glance back; the machine came. Something was back there among the undergrowth. light was appeared nothing glowing white noise from view, hovering for a moment, then gaining speed it began a to and fro motion, a back- and forwards arcing movement—like a falling leaf going up and down. It attained an several hundred feet by a second then, glowing brighter, shot up vertically with incredible speed. In seconds it was lost to sight. Only a faint swishing sound marked its passage.

Villanueva told no one. He had no wish for ridicule. His car needed attention and it was the next night before he got back to his home. His wife at once noticed his strained appearance and asked him what was wrong. Making quite sure none of the children were listening, he told her, following and hesitant, convinced she would consider him insane.

"No," she replied. "I do not think you mad. I know you. You are my husband and you would not deceive me. But others—others will not believe you. Promise me you will tell no one."

The Salvador Villanueva kept his secret. In [illegible] a worried and [illegible] prompted him to tell others of his experience. To date he has not seen his visitors again. (Another man in Mexico has since that had a more amazing experience).

A Reliable Man

When I visited Mexico in November, 1953, I sought out the group of journalists and investigators who had been probing Villanueva thoroughly since the occurrence. They were most helpful and arranged a meeting with an interpreter at which I could interview him personally. He gave me every impression of being a trustworthy reliable human being, the kind of man you would trust to take your jewellery to a bank or to look after your children if suddenly called away. I liked him very much, and I thoroughly believe his story.

But I am not alone. All who have investigated him have come to the same conclusion. On one occasion Mr and Mrs. Charles Reeves, ardent researchers from Ohio, took Villanueva with a group of investigators and journalists to find and establish the place of contact. They found the pull-in beside the road where he had parked the broken-down car, and after a little recollection Villanueva set up with his stick the line of direction where he remembered seeing the ship take off.

Landing Place Discovered

The party followed this line until they came across a clearing where bushes and sticks had been broken down by some heavy object within a circle roughly 40-50 feet in diameter. Later, one of the party secretly moved the stick about three degrees, and when they regained the road, asked Villanueva to confirm the direction. He studied the line of sight carefully and moved the stick back about fifteen degrees to its original position. He was quite certain, he said, that this was the true direction because he had pored over the exact background in the lighter landscape against which the saucer had first appeared in daylight.

Now such powers of observation may seem remarkable. But I had a chance to see them demonstrated for myself when we took the mountain roads. At times our wheels were but six inches from the edge, and never felt I feel that here was a man who knew exactly what he was doing and whose night and judgment were above average.

Our on the old retried road and re-enacted the story to his examiners without hesitation. The result was the same and no more. A practical working-man he had known to his his crew, and he was not in the habit of being deceived.