The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing a project called "Project Blue Book" and a device called the "Hell Roarer". The document provides technical details about the "Hell Roarer", including its size, contents, and use in various altitudes for photographic purposes. It also mentions that the "Hell Roarer" has been used on only one type of rocket, the RB-26.

Text transcribed from the document:

"HELL ROARER"

20 July 1953

During the last week, two articles in the Dayton papers and a phone call from Damon Runyon of the New York Journal American called Project Blue Book's attention to the "Hell Roarer".

As a result, WADC was contacted and the following additional information was obtained: This Project was started in October 1951 with one unit. Since that time, a second unit has been constructed. 

At present there are two units in existence: one at W-PAFB that is operational and one in the ETO that is non-operational. The "Hell Roarer" is so-called for the tremendous amount of noise while in operation. It is loaded with 300 pounds of powdered magnesium. This will last for four full minutes if burned continuously. However, it can be used intermittently.

The "Hell Roarer" is similar to a conventional wing tank and is attached to the bomb shackles. There is an air scoop at the front end of the lower side of the tank that directs the flow of air through a tube on the underside of the tank. The powdered magnesium is fed into this tube and ignited at the rear by two "spark plugs". The "Hell Roarer" was used at various altitudes from 2000' to 3500'. For photographic uses, it is most effective at low (200'-1000') altitudes. At any high altitudes, it is useless for photographic purposes as this magnesium burns in flickering causing a partially exposed film.  

Up to now the "MR" has been used on only one type a/c, the RB-26. Only one minor explosion has been encountered. Usual speed of a/c is 250 mph. The film "Inside WADC" (Mel) shows the "MR" in action. This is 250 pounds of powdered magnesium.