There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document.

In compliance with the instructions, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

AF FORM 112--PART II UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: CG, 8 AAMA 
REPORT NO.:

In compliance with AF Ltr 200-5, dated 29 April 1952, the following information is submitted:

(1) Numerous unidentified lights that emitted a powerful yellowish glow were observed flying and maneuvering over San Antonio, Texas. Their shape was not discernible and they appeared to oscillate up and down for brief periods. It was estimated that there could have been as many as two dozen of these lights at one time, according to the fact that these lights appeared to be milling about and were not flying in any particular formation. Their movements were described as erratic and after a few seconds they disappeared. Two lights apparently flew together in formation heading north and disappeared by gradually fading out of sight. The observation of these lights lasted for approximately ten seconds and it took ten seconds for them to travel from a position ninety degrees above the horizon to the horizon. The entire phenomenon was observed to consist of intermittent zig zag movements in a circular path by one of the lights.

(2) Lights were observed 2220 hours, GST, 2 June 1953, and were observed until 0020 hours, GST, 3 June 1953.

(3) A visual ground observation without optical or electronic equipment was made.

(4) Observer was at his residence, 211 Murray Rd, San Houston Village, San Antonio, Texas. The sighting was first observed in the east to north east direction over San Antonio, Texas.

(5) Lights were observed by 1st Lt and Mrs. and their next door neighbor.

(6) Fair weather prevailed at the time of the sighting. Visibility was fifteen miles and the wind was from the southeast at eight knots per hour.

(7) No activity or condition, meteorological or otherwise, is known to have existed which might have accounted for the sighting.

(8) No physical evidence of the sighting.

(9) Observer contacted Captain H. B. Cleveland, the Officer of the Day, at Randolph AF Base, Texas, who confirmed the sighting and stated it was officially classified as unidentified. 

(10) Location of any air traffic in the general area at the time of the sightings unknown.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

UNCLASSIFIED