There is no photograph present in this document. The text describes an investigation into a sighting of an object in the eastern sky, with details about the itinerary of the investigation, the observations of the investigators, and the involvement of local amateur astronomer Durel Guess.

The Itinerary of investigation was as follows:
Mr. Scherer, head of the GOC at Monroe, Wisconsin, was the first to be questioned. He was closely followed by Mr. Ruley, Mr. Hallaway, Mr. Guess and others, all of the GOC post. Mr. Hallaway was requested to remain at the observation post throughout the night to note the rising of Venus and its visibility after daylight. The investigators then proceeded to Darlington, promising to return to check with Mr. Hallaway after dawn.

Mr. Glenn Winslow, policeman at Darlington, met the investigators in his patrol car and "reinacted the episode" as faithfully as his memory permitted. He was quite vague about the original sighting but much surer about the position and later motion of the object in the eastern sky. He drove the investigators to the point from which he radioed police officers in Monroe (to the east of Darlington) telling them that an object was approaching at great speed. The investigators contacted Monroe officers via the Winslow car radio and interviews were arranged for later in the morning. Mr. Winslow in particular was unable to reconcile the notion of rapid motion with the fact that he observed the object for several hours. His ability as an observer must unfortunately be given a very low rating. He appeared more intent on repeating vague statements than on attempting to be specifically helpful.

The investigators returned to Monroe and found not only Hallaway at the observation post but about half-dozen observers. One of these, Durel Guess, local amateur astronomer, had set up his telescope and was following Venus into the daytime sky. They again checked their original sighting of the position made with reference to the edge of the observing shack and found no discrepancies.