This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be text from a Project Blue Book report regarding an investigation that took place in Stillwater, Oklahoma on July 7-8, 1952.

The text describes the details of the investigation, including the involvement of Special Agent J. W. Vallin and the observations made by witnesses. It mentions the sighting of two objects on the highway, the apparent disappearance of a dead animal, and the subsequent investigation and reporting.

UNCLASSIFIED
DETAILS:
This investigation was predicated upon information received telephonically from Special Agent WILLIAM S. HIGDON, Atlanta, Georgia concerning sighting of unidentified flying objects near Stillwater, Oklahoma the night of 7-8 July 1952.
AT ATLANTA, GEORGIA
The following portion of the investigation was conducted by Special Agent J. W. VALLIN, Atlanta.
At 0855 hours on 8 July 1953, Special Agent VALLIN, Atlanta Field Office, conducted an investigation, telephonically contacting the Atlanta Detachment, 0th District OSI, and advised Special Agent WAUGH of the details. SPECIAL AGENT WAUGH advised that he had been contacted by Special Agent HIGDON of the Stillwater Resident Agency, Eighth Air Force, who had received the following information given to him on 7 July 1952 by the following:
The two (2) individuals were driving on the Gainesville Highway (U. S. Highway 23) near Crabapple, Georgia when three (3) objects were observed on the highway. They stopped their vehicle to observe the objects, which immediately disappeared. One of the objects disappeared upward and the other two (2) went off in the object, which immediately disappeared.
SPECIAL AGENT VALLIN further stated that he had been told the 231st hike troopers brought the dead animal to the Atlanta Constitution (10 Forsyth Building, Atlanta, Georgia) where a veterinarian had examined it and pronounced it to be a coyote. SPECIAL AGENT VALLIN interviewed the veterinarian, who stated that he had never seen such an animal before. In his call to GSI, Special Agent VALLIN told them of the upward disappearance of the objects and stated that the information had been given to the FBI, according to AGENT HIGDON.
At 1000 hours on 8 July 1953, Special Agent JAMES M. WARD briefly interviewed the two (2) individuals who had observed the objects. They advised that they were driving on the Gainesville Highway (U.S. 23) near Crabapple, Georgia when the three (3) objects had just driven over a hill. The objects were described as being about 30 feet in diameter, silver in color, and one jumped for the moving road object and that two got on the object and the third one stayed with the animals and that the animals were identified as coyotes. The individuals stated that there were no other witnesses and that the animals did not appear to be affected in any way.
UNCLASSIFIED