The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

This morning I reported to work and went directly to see Mr. Knight, Engelwood, to give him a report on activities concerning an unidentified flying object incident which I had covered some time ago. * * * * * Some time ago, I referred to the matter in my running log and suggested that it was a case that might warrant further investigation. At that time, I made a careful check of the records and examined the original file on the incident, I did not have sufficient information to warrant further investigation at that time. The case in question that I referred to concerned a sighting reported to the local police department by three young people who were driving along the highway near Agoura, California, sometime during the late evening hours of December 6, 1953. The police reported the incident to the Los Angeles Air Defense Filter Center and it was subsequently referred to me for investigation. WHAT I REPORTED: The case had been briefly covered in the log and the file included a statement from the police department and a report from the Los Angeles Air Defense Filter Center. The essence of the report was that the three young people had sighted an object in the sky which they described as brightly lit and traveling at a very high rate of speed. They reported that the object appeared to be about the size of a car and was observed for several minutes as it passed over the highway in a northeasterly direction. The police department stated that they had received several other calls reporting the same sighting. The Los Angeles Air Defense Filter Center stated that they had no record of any aircraft in the area at the time. CONCLUSION: Based on the limited information contained in the file, I was unable to arrive at any definite conclusion as to the nature of the sighting. I pointed out that while there was no evidence to indicate that the sighting represented anything more than the observation of some conventional aerial object, the fact that it had been reported by several independent witnesses and confirmed by the local police department warranted a more thorough investigation. However, in the absence of any physical evidence, such as photographs or other tangible data, and since there was no indication that the object posed any threat to the security of the country, I did not feel that further investigation was justified at that time. I indicated that the file would be retained for possible future reference should additional information become available. Chief Flight Test Engineer