The image contains 3 small sketches or illustrations, but no photograph. The text states that this is an investigation into unidentified flying objects over Idlewild Airport in New York on November 2, 1953. The report provides details about the sighting, including witness accounts and descriptions of the observed objects. The text has been marked as "UNCLASSIFIED" and the file number is 24-366.

UNCLASSIFIED
(UNCLASSIFIED)
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
OVER IDLEWILD AIRPORT
ON 2 NOVEMBER 1953

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was requested by the District Commander, 2D MI District (GS) USAF, 72 Broad Street, New York, New York, and predicated upon the report of six (6) unidentified flying objects over Idlewild Airport, New York on 2 November 1953.

AT NEW YORK, NEW YORK

On 25 December 1953, the witness, an enlisted man with the United States Navy as an enlisted man with principal duties of watch-duty and lookout, and has been employed by the Pan American Airways as a Patrolman in the New York City Police Department, with station at the 106th Precinct, 2120, Rockaway Beach, New York. He advised that at 2210 hours Zulu time (2110 Eastern Standard time), 2 November 1953, while riding in a bus from Idlewild Airport to Jamaica, New York, in a northerly direction, he observed six (6) flying objects in a flighty (sic) direction. He stated that one (1) flight appeared to the east at an estimated altitude of 5,000 to 7,000 feet, and that they gave the appearance of a formation resembling (5,000) feet and that they gave the appearance of a formation resembling (see illustration no. 1 below). On the second formation, he stated that in view of the bus being in motion and making turns, were lost from view by buildings. During the course of the observation, there were three (3) formations observed. On the second formation, the objects appeared again in a rear window of the bus, flying with a solid non-lighted area in the center, and that the top portion of each object appeared to be that of an inverted bowl or of the upper portion of a blimp's rudder (see illustration no. 2 below). For that one of the objects, the illustration is more centrally located (see illustration no. 3 below for one of the objects).

He stated that in view of the bus being in motion and making turns, were lost from view by buildings. During the course of the observation, there were three (3) formations observed. On the second formation, the objects appeared again in a rear window of the bus, flying with a solid non-lighted area in the center, and that the top portion of each object appeared to be that of an inverted bowl or of the upper portion of a blimp's rudder (see illustration no. 2 below). For that one of the objects, the illustration is more centrally located (see illustration no. 3 below for one of the objects).

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED