The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

UNCLASSIFIED

Intelligence Division, ACIC - WATS
Dov.r Air Force Base, Delaware

1 - Intelligence report on an observed object near Dover, Del. 22 February 1953. 

As reported, approximately 2200 hours 22 February 1953, 2nd Lt Leland E. Hines Jr., a radar observer, civilian, of New Castle, Delaware, who was training at Dover Air Force Base, Delaware, saw a strange object in the sky. He was looking at his radar scope when the object appeared, making motions which indicated that it was controllable, and seemed to be under the pilot's guidance. The object was rounded, aluminum-colored, and from his position he estimated it as 30 feet in diameter. It had a white light burning not too fast, but steady, under the "hallow glow" from the object's position. The object was moving at a tremendous speed on a southerly course for a distance of approximately 400 to 500 yards, when it made a slight turn westerly, proceeding in a southwesterly course, until it disappeared from view. He immediately thereafter observed the object in the same area, proceeding in a northeasterly course, and he estimated it as being about 5 miles distant from his position. After several such maneuvers, during which the object seemed to be under control and to change directions, it accelerated and disappeared from view. The entire period of observation was over a half-hour, beginning at 2:30 hours.

2 - No additional details or information pertaining to the location of the object or the technician's identity could be obtained. The only information available is that the technician, Airman Basic Leonard J. Whitney, Jr., was the only person to view the object and report its observation, and that the object was not visible to any other personnel in the area at the time, except for a brief period when it was sighted by a civilian residing on a nearby farm. It was presumably the "evening star" which appeared to revolve, due to whichever meteorological conditions may have been present a the time. The period of observation was over a half-hour.

3 - No other reported sightings of the object could be located after an extensive search through available records. The technician's story remains the only record of the incident.

5 - Existing weather at time of observation was clear sky, no moon, no clouds. Visibility was good. Wind from WSW at 30 mph, Temp 20° F at 0100 hours, forecast 22°F at 2100 hours, 20,000 feet NE at 210 knots.

6 - All witnesses appeared as sincere and creditable persons and it is believed that their statements which have been included are substantially correct. The object was reported as similar in appearance to others which have been observed on other occasions rather than an intended hoax or deception for purposes of publicity or otherwise.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10