This page from the Project Blue Book report does not appear to contain any photographs. It is an Air Intelligence Information Report with the text filled out in handwriting.

OCR OUTPUT:
UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

T/O 501st air Base Wing, AFO 919 R-3-43

STATEMENT

It is approximately 2200 on the night of 7 February 1953. I observed an object, which is approximately circular in shape and varying in color from deep red to orange. It appeared to be from 100 to 150 feet in diameter and to have been illuminated from within, as there was a constant glow about it. Five minutes later, it changed back to a reddish-orange color and then to a whitish-orange. About ten minutes later, it changed again to a deep reddish-orange color.
The object then hovered or suspended in midair over a heavily wooded area about 3 to 5 miles away from my observation point. I watched it for some time, and it seemed to be maneuvering over a wide area, but I know that it was not some sort of strange celestial body, because my observations of it were clear and distinct.
Then it seemed to me of how to estimate the size, altitude, and distance both in relation to my observation point. I would judge the altitude, to be 10 to 12 miles from the ground, but over the horizon, as I could not distinguish any terrain features. During this time, it seemed to move both vertically and horizontally. I would say that it moved about 100° in both directions.
At about this time, the object appeared to divide into two parts, and the following sequence of events took place: The two parts separated one from the other, and maintained this separation for several minutes, and then the two parts appeared to merge together again, the total time of separation being 3 to 4 minutes. After the two parts had merged, the object continued its erratic maneuvers and changes in color. And I could not see or determine if there had been any sightings or objects, or other objects. There had been aircraft in the control tower if they had been on duty, they did not see this object. These proceedings I
UNCLASSIFIED