The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document. I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

FLYING SAUCERS OR NOT?  
(Continued from Page 1)
that reports of sightings are most frequent in the areas where the reports have not been systematically obtained, and many persons do not realize the significance of what they have seen. According to this article, the reports most frequently dealing with objects which appear to be flying at great altitudes, with great speeds, and with sudden changes of direction for which no satisfactory explanation is available.
Since the war began systematic investigation of these objects termed flying saucers or disks has surrounded the world. The manner in which the "saucers" have appeared, the reports of witnesses, and the official pronouncements of the project, have generally been kept confidential.
While not classified "secret" material, these reports have not been easily available to the public, and little general publicity has been given to the findings of the project known as "Project Saucer", which was officially discontinued in 1949. 
The official opinion is deeply divided as to the interpretation of the confidential reports. One group, apparently in charge of the investigation, is skeptical that the sightings represent anything unusual. Another group, including some of the scientists, believes that the reports justify further investigation, and become convinced that the objects, whatever their nature, represent phenomena hitherto not encountered.
"PRESS POSSIBILITIES" 
The skeptical officers and radio operators find it difficult to accept the strange phenomena, and it appears there is a 50 per cent probability that they are either hoaxes or due to natural causes. On the other hand, the group of scientists investigating the problem on a "probability" basis and has come to the conclusion that the sightings represent something not heretofore observed, and that further intensive investigation is required.
The article states that the probability that the sightings represent interplanetary phenomena is estimated to be a maximum of 10 per cent. The project director, however, has estimated as high as 50 per cent probability that they represent some sort of strange phenomena, and they cannot be accounted for by known meteorological or astronomical causes. The latter group feels that the objects may represent some kind of interplanetary transport.
"PRESS POSSIBILITIES"
It is apparent that the investigators find it necessary to continue a careful documentation of all available data on the strange phenomena, and the official reports so far indicate that, while the actual explanation is still uncertain, the phenomena do exist and merit further study and investigation.
In the middle between Dr. Menzel's skeptical views and those of the group represented by the Dominion Observatory, Dr. Millman agrees with Mr. Smith that the unusual sightings are real, but that the actual interpretation of them is still in doubt. He agrees that the great speeds, high altitudes and sudden changes of course of the sightings can be so explained.
Officials agree measurements while of scientific value, will add little to the solution of the mystery. More information is needed on the atmospheric conditions which appear to explain many of the sightings, and on the operation of radar in connection with the "saucers".
Those who take the same attitude as Dr. Menzel find it difficult to accept the radar sightings and find them more easily explainable as some sort of disturbance in the radar beam, with the result that the objects appeared to be traveling at tremendous speeds. But Mr. Smith finds these radar reports very convincing, and he sees no way to explain them easily.
Mr. Smith's personal belief is that the sightings represent some sort of phenomena, with an origin probably extraterrestrial, and traveling at a speed of from 900 to 1800 miles per hour, and coming from outer space. He points out, however, that the project has been unable to determine what the nature of these objects may be, and they have been aware that the creation of a magnetic field and the use of some form of atomic energy might be involved, and could be used to develop a craft capable of carrying a crew.
"PRESS POSSIBILITIES"
The article states that "Project Magnetic" is an effort to create a magnetic field to propel a flying disc. Laboratory experiments have convinced the investigators that it is theoretically possible to create a craft which leads to more than a fraction of a second.
The project has thus run into some very serious technical problems, and they do not know enough about the nature of the phenomenon as yet to predict whether they will be able to construct such a craft. But they do not know enough about the nature of the phenomenon to tell whether they will be able to meet the demands of counter-measures in dealing with the saucer-shaped aircraft being reported, which V. Roe Company of Malton is designing to use gas-turbine propulsion for cooperation.