The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document states that the observer reported seeing a light in the sky, which appeared to be circular in shape. The document provides details about the observer's description of the light and their assessment that it was not a star. The text also mentions that the observer discussed the incident with their daughter, but there is no further detail about any visual evidence or photographs related to the sighting.

AF FORM 112--PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1950

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: 20J 0524 AISS, PLANS
TO:DIRECTOR ISDN HATS 

STATEMENT:

Between 2030 hours and 2130 hours, either 23 February 1953, or 24 February 1953, as I was about to retire for the evening, I did see something unusual in the sky. The object first appeared to me as a starlike object which seemed to be moving in an arc. After observing it for a few moments, I noticed that the object was much larger and brighter than a star. The light was first observed as I was about to close the venetian blind to the window in the rear of my home. These are the facts:

The light was first observed as a starlike object, but as I watched it further, I noticed that it was circular in shape and was much larger and brighter than a star. It had a rather steady bright glow and did not appear to be twinkling as stars do. The light appeared to be somewhat higher than the tree tops and just above the horizon. I watched the light for approximately 10 to 15 minutes and during this time it appeared to be traveling in a slight arc towards the south. The light did not appear to vary in intensity during the time I observed it. I do not know the direction of the wind at the time nor the weather conditions, but the sky was clear and the stars were very bright. 

As I watched the light, I called my daughter to observe it also. She confirmed what I was seeing. She stated that the light appeared to be circular in shape and larger than a star. She also noticed that it had a steady glow and was not twinkling. At one point during the observation, the light appeared to make a slight change in direction, but this change was very slight. I definitely do not believe that this light was a star.

I would like to state that I have lived in this area for over twenty (20) years and am familiar with the various aircraft and other lights that are frequently seen in the sky. This light did not resemble any of the other lights as I have previously observed them. I discussed the appearance of this light with my daughter, who works in the local AF office with my daughter-in-law. They were unable to offer any explanation as to what the object might have been, but they stated that the light was similar to other objects that have been observed in the vicinity on previous occasions. However, as no time have I discussed the subject with others.

I dismissed the importance of this light from my mind and will not return here the only pressure that the following year and month convinced me to report this incident.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10