not know what to think.
"Then it happened!
"Exactly as I had described, a white globe
with great brilliance appeared parallel with
the horizon. It followed a zig-zag path for
quite a distance and then began to slow
down and disappear.
"At last we had doing it! This was the
signal of a space ship from another world.
We had established contact!
"Had the other group made contact? We
wondered. Did they see the signal too?
"As we approached the car, we heard the
group calling us. They, too, had made con-
tact. They knew it was a signal.
"The most amazing thing, however, was
that a member of the other group also had
received a telep sig message that a signal
would come out where it would appear.
"When both groups were together, a
thought came to prod of unanimously—
a space ship would approach at around
eleven o'clock.
"Our group came back to their places
again. We _____ to see if a space ship
would come the light.
"The time ____ 7 P.M. Shortly a glow-
ing object ________ over the gulf. It
came closer and performed some unique
maneuves. It had appeared at exactly the
same place where the signal was last seen.
"On and on it came. We finally were able
to steady our car so we could see it. It had a dome
and flat bott_____ lo no longer felt the cold
wind nor _____ the roar of the gulf. ___
"It cast a great ship from america world!
"It was not coming toward us, however,
but was app____ing the car. We would
have to start for the car so that we could
meet the ship there.
"So we moved closer for the same,
thing happened. The space ship was now
moving away. Gradually it disappeared
from sight. Our thoughts then were
turned. Down the beach a car was ap-
proaching.
"Several times during the craft's approach,
automobiles came into sight down the beach,
and each time the object would mysteriously lose it luminosity.
"Then the object again came nearer—and
then it hovered. This time it did not lose its
luminosity. As car coming down the
beach. We couldn't understand why the
object did not again disappear.

lights on. It was the State Highway Patroll;
Our first thought was to keep them from
seeing the object, so John McCoy and David
Piller walked over to the left side of the
car hoping to block their view of the
object. At the same time I ran over to the
driver's side. A highway patrolman was
driving. Inside with him were two deputy
sheriffs.
"The officer asked me what we were
doing. (And I shall have to admit that we
were a bit suspicious looking with the long
overcoats and no fishing tackle or the like.)
"We are conducting experiments,' I re-
plied.
"What kind of experiments?'
" 'Scientific experiments,' I told him.
"All three officers got out. They marched
to the front of the car, keeping their
eyes constantly upon us. I hope I will be
forgiven at this point if I do not go into
a description of the words and thoughts
that transpired during the next few minutes.
I did get one definite impression, however—
and it was that it would not be very long
before they had us in the car if we did
not tell them what we were doing.
"'So I told them; 'If you really want to
know what we are doing, we came out
here to contact flying saucers, and we have
already made contact. In fact,' and here I
pointed to the space ship, which was hover-
ing behind and to the right of them, 'you
can see it hovering there right now.'
"They did not laugh. They did not even
crack a smile. They were too startled at such
an amazing sight.
"One of our group handed the highway
patrolman John's pair of 8x binoculars. The
officer walked over to the side of the car
and leaned on it. He stared at the answer
for fifteen or twenty minutes. I have never
seen anyone so amazed. Then patrolman,
Don Hoyd, cut off the lights of the patrol
car. The window next to him was open, but
he did not even move his eyes or binocu-
lars off the craft for one second—he just
reached through the window and cut the
lights off.
"Several times while he was viewing it
through the binoculars, some of us would go
and talk to turn, 'or he would not answer us.
At some of us asked him why Deputy
Ray Floyd, Don or son, exclaimed that the
object had a dome on top and was flat
on the bottom. Had assured him that he

[From Book 145] 107