The page you have provided contains no photographs.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
-2-					(Atwell to Hynek)		
					1 January 1954

that he was given from the ground station. Obviously the pilot would be 
serious at the time, particularly since he was told that there was a ground 
and a radar observation of the object. On reconsideration I believe he is 
willing to admit that he was chasing a large star. Considering the reliability 
of the military witnesses at the radar site, the excitement of Mr. xxxxx, 
and the relatively poor descriptions of subsequent sightings in the Rapid City 
area, I feel that the incident can be discounted from consideration entirely. 
The sightings in the Bismark area cannot be judged by me but the power of 
suggestion must be considered in them, particularly since a correlated story 
of sightings was passed from Rapid City to the North Dakota Filter Center. I 
can imagine the degree of credulity that could be lent to the story in the minds 
of Filter Center personnel when I realize that the statements in the official 
report from Rapid City were sufficient incentive for you and the people of ATIC 
to conduct an extensive investigation. Essentially the same information, poss- 
ibly embellished, was relayed to North Dakota that same night and, to use your 
words, the people there "could not consider the incident in the cool light of 
morning."

My interpretation of the incident relegates me to the ranks of the 
skeptics and certainly does not permit scientific conclusions as such. I do 
wonder if perhaps many of the twenty percent of unresolved cases might not 
repond to a psychiatric rather than a scientific approach. The percentage 
of unsolved cases might be reduced at least somewhat.

I have taken the liberty of incloing an article which labels me as a 
devotee of Mr. Pearson amongst others. I passed it along in case you missed it, 
particularly since that tone was moderate. The article was in this evenings paper 
and it was most timely to me.

		Trusting that you had a pleasant and rapid trip home and that I may be 
of service to you again, I am, 

		Yours truly,
		
		/s/ Allen L. Atwell	
		Major, USAF
			


		THE OFFICIAL
		USE ONLY
```