The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

OCR Output:

AF FORM 112 - PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1949

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT 
REPORT NO. 53-2

The following is a more detailed report on a FLYOUT* transmittal by teletype
on July 24, 1953:

1. At about 2315 EDST on 20 June 1953 an unidentified object was seen in the
sky above Ramore, Ontario, Canada. The object appeared to be silvery-white in
color. It was circular in shape, about four or five feet in diameter. The object
was sighted by several persons in the vicinity. He called two witnesses over to
see the object. The object was hovering for about two minutes near the Ramore
airport, and then suddenly shot at high speed toward the northwest and disappeared
from sight. Two or three minutes later the object reappeared from the northwest,
hovered for a minute or two, and then again shot off at high speed and disappeared.
The whole sighting lasted for about twenty minutes.

2. The object was first sighted from the surface by visual means. No electronic or
radar pick-up was made. At the time the sighting occurred, there had been a minor
thunderstorm activity in the area which may have caused some disturbance to the
normal operation of the airport control system, but not to the extent of hindering
the inspection of the radar unit.

3. The witnesses were located about three and six miles east of the town of
Ramore, Ontario, Canada. The object was reported as coming out of the north, traveling
in a southeasterly direction and then disappearing to the north.

4. Of the witnesses two officers of the RCAF Corps, USAF one is a civilian.
Technical Sergeant C.L. Baker, USAF, stated that in his opinion the object was traveling
at an estimated speed of approximately 1200 to 1500 mph. Others present also estimated
the speed of the object as being exceptionally high. Although the observation by airmen
military training it could not be considered as a weather balloon or other known type
of aircraft. Although each witness had independent confirmation of the sighting, having
had experience during the afternoon of observing weather balloons or other aircraft.
Others of the group did not agree with this assessment and are of the opinion that the
object was some type of unconventional aircraft.

5. At the time of the sighting there was a broken overcast sky condition of
approximately 3000 to 5000 feet.

6. The sighting was made minutes after the scheduled time for the evening
visibility meteorological observation. The pilots of the object, if any, did not give
any indication of attempting to contact the airport control tower nor was there any
observation of the object being in communication either by radio or visual. The object
appeared both to the moon and the observation point throughout the sighting.

7. There is no physical evidence of the sighting.

8. No identification of the object nor identification action was taken. Search radar was not
operational at the time.

10. Interrogation revealed RDF-CAA stated that there was all traffic - and motor
vehicle traffic in the general area at the time. DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS