The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

23 June 1953

Statement of Ral Mathias EUNG, Chief Radio Electrician, U.S. Navy, attached to Fleet Tactical Support Squadron, VU-6, U.S. Naval Air Station, Key West, Florida, who resides at 1215 Patterson Avenue, Key West, Florida.

This is my detailed account of a strange object observed in the sky on the 18th past, at about 1930. It was a clear night, according to my observation, and while I was looking skyward, I observed a very bright light moving at a rapid rate of speed from west to east. The light appeared to be oscillating or vibrating and this oscillation seemed to become less as the light approached its zenith. The light seemed to focus upon us and well, seeming to attract my attention by its brilliance. It assumed the appearance of an unusually bright star. This light was very intense, whiter than the planet Venus and it remained in view for about 5 or 6 minutes.

After two or three minutes, another light, similar in appearance, arrived from the west at the same rate of speed and this second light appeared to orbit or circle the first light. The two lights then proceeded in an easterly direction until they disappeared from view. The motions of these two lights resembled nothing I had ever observed before. The oscillating or vibrating motion, the fact that they appeared to focus upon us, and the fact that one appeared to orbit the other are very unusual phenomena. The oscillating light seemed to increase and diminish in intensity during the time it was observed. It seemed to be propelled under its own power as it showed no signs of being a lighted aircraft as we know them, nor did it show any trail like a jet or conventional aircraft.

This light then was recalled to several direction and their was much speculation as to what it might be. It was estimated that the light or lights were approximately 80 to 90 miles distant from our location on Big Spanish Key. This light then traveled several miles in approximately 10 seconds, a speed far in excess of any jet or conventional aircraft. The light or lights showed no signs of being an aircraft, no sound was heard, nor were any exhaust trails noted. The light did not flicker or blink as do conventional aircraft lights. In manner and continued in a very steady and direct motion for the entire time they were under observation. I am familiar with the many types of aircraft, both military and civilian, and this display of lights was unlike any I have ever observed before. The lack of any trail or sound, the extremely rapid rate of speed, and the steady and direct motion of the lights, the oscillating or vibrating effect, and the fact that one light appeared to orbit another are very unusual phenomena. This is the most incredible and strange manifestation of lights I have ever witnessed.