I did not observe any photographs in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing only text without any visible photographs.

Transcribing the text:

UNCLASSIFIED

AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Agency) W124 Intelligence Office
LOCATION Key West, Florida (CN)
REPORT NO. 7
PAGE 2 OF 4 PAGES

SUBJECT: Information obtained by this Command concerning sighting of unidentified aerial objects.

1. On 26 July 1953, the Commander, ATIC, Wright Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio, was notified by ATIC that a delay in the progress of this investigation was being caused by information contained in the previous intelligence report received on Saturday, 25 July 1953. The time consumed in arranging for investigators and the time need for coordination.

2. This case had been filed for investigation and the investigator had been dispatched when on 26 July 1953 a telephone call was received from ATIC stating that the object sighted was, in all probability, a searchlight reflection or some other common and easily explainable phenomena, and that the investigator should be recalled.

3. Accordingly, on 27 July 1953 the investigator was recalled and the investigation terminated with the following pertinent information submitted in the order established by para. 7b, 20 July 1953:

a. Only one object was sighted on each occasion. It was very dim and seemed to waver in motion. The sighting was just barely noticeable. It was reported to be about the size of a pinpoint or a star of ordinary size and luminance. No characteristics or dimensions are reported, since the observer did not know the object.

b. The object was reported as unknown, since the observer did not know the object. Sightings were made at 23:20 and 23:55, 24 July 1953, and lasted approximately 10-15 seconds during the second sighting on 1 August 1953.

c. No other objects were observed in conjunction with the sightings. These sightings apparently are identical with those described in ATIC message 0024, 26 July 1953.

d. The individual sightings appeared to be of the same size, distance, duration, and at the same geographical location, which was observed to be approximately over the Key West NAS.

e. As reported to the interviewing officers, there were no changes in course or speed, since the object(s) remained stationary during the entire period of observation.

f. The object, as it appeared to the observer, was very dim and just barely perceptible. Evaluation indicates that it could have been a reflection of some sort, such as a searchlight or the moon reflecting off a high cirrus cloud in the area. No unusual maneuvering or sound was observed.

g. Attached as inclosure 1 is a diagram prepared by the observer showing the position and course of the object as observed on both occasions.
 
h. No photograph was obtained of the object.

i. On 1 August 1953, the observer obtained an impression that the object's course on 24 July 1953 was from the N to the S, and on 1 August 1953 was from the W to the E. However, this impression may be unreliable, and the object's course is actually unknown.

j. For 24 July and 1 August the times of sightings were reported to be 23:20 and 23:55, respectively.

k. The angles of elevation for the sightings were not determined.