The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using optical character recognition (OCR):

Date of Occurrence: June 24, 1953.
Subject: "Discs" Face Two.

Sitting for my six year old son, who was in bed asleep inside the bed room, where this little light happened.

Suddenly a large aircraft appeared over Squires house roof, about 100 feet up, and coming from the southwest, which is the direction of the Atlantic Ocean. This craft was moving very slowly, for an airplane and I thought that it had an unusual craft-like appearance. As it came over the house, I could distinctly see that it looked to me to be sort of disc-shaped, and that it had a blending of a number of small lights along the outer edges. These lights seemed to be continually blinking, and the craft itself seemed to be about 50 feet in diameter.

I thought, "They are don't want this craft to be hit by another, because of the red light completely around it."

Of course, it banked slightly toward my house and as it approached the water went out flew straight during those blinks, that have seen in many conditions during have illuminated more clearly make a turn as they bank, contrary to the performance of this craft.

It had no sound whatsoever and was moving approximately 75 feet or less above the ground, and was moving forward about 20 miles per hour. 

Now it began passing near my porch roof. Without warning, it stopped instantaneously. Just like a coin dropped by an emergency brake, and it slowly backed up to an open marsh area on the waterfront, which is about 100 feet across, and is covered with short marsh grass, and is surrounded by trees on three sides and the water on the fourth side. The craft stopped directly over this area.

SOURCE OF CRAFT:
It stood perfectly still, with no sound, except a low pitched hum similar to a 450 cycle per second [illegible] motor. One end of the craft was only 60 or 30 feet from my front porch. Only when I had had a loaned camera, so I could have a better view of it.

LACK OF INSIGNIA OR NUMERICAL IDENTIFICATION:
My first reaction to the real-profile view was that it had no apparent insignia, but saw none. I had stopped and walked to the edge of the porch for a better view, when the craft abruptly lost its power and plummeted to the ground.