This page from the Project Blue Book report contains no photograph. The text is as follows:

Port Austin, Michigan UNCLASSIFIED 17 February 1953

I. Description of Incident:
At 2204 EST an unidentified aerial object was sighted visually by members of an AEWC squadron at Port Austin. The object was about to ten miles northeast-southwest course at an approximate altitude of 10,000 feet. The object was moving and erratic at a speed estimated to be about 1,000 miles per hour. The object was tracked on the radar set and moved in a 360 degree course at 35,000 feet. No paint on finding equipment was available at the time to observe. The object was observed in the air for several minutes, visibility and ceiling - unlimited, with moderate winds from the west.

II. Discussion of Incident:
The possibility of the reported object being a balloon was checked by the reporting officer. The nearest balloon launch station is at Waukegan, Michigan, which is 140 miles from Port Austin. The balloon was released from Waukegan at 0300Z. It is not likely that this balloon caused the sighting because the balloon was released from Waukegan at 0300Z.

Both the visual and electronic sightings were made by the same personnel, consisting of two officers and three airmen. All of these men have three or more years experience in radar. A radar scope camera was installed, but was not in operation at the time of sighting.

No known meteorological disturbances or activity existed at the time of sighting, or at any time that day.

After checking with surrounding bases and flight plan sources, it was found that there were no known aircraft in the general area.

The planet Venus is very low on the horizon at this time of year and is easily seen. This fact might explain the visual sighting, but the radar scope is not susceptible to such an explanation.

Further analysis of this sighting awaits a diagnostic weather chart for the area and completion of studies currently in progress. This report is carried as unknown.