There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text describing the history and conclusions of the project.

OCR output:

It was not a combination of a freak radar return and a star. ATIC's mission is not quite finished with an explanation. We'd like to know enough about the appearance of some of the more frequent objects that are reported, so if a real article even appears it can be immediately recognized. If the "whistle should ever blow" and someone sees two streaks of fire in the sky, which one is a slow-moving meteor and which one is a ram-jet powered missile? Possibly we can learn enough from your reports to be able to definitely point out the difference.

History of the project:
To give you a brief history of this project, it started in 1947, when on 24 June 1947 a Mr. Kenneth Arnold sighted several disc-like objects near Mt. Rainier in the state of Washington. From that time until August 1949, 375 reports were collected and analyzed. In August 1949, a report was written on these 375 incidents and it was concluded that all sightings were due to:
1. Mass hysteria or war nerves.
2. Hoaxes or persons seeking publicity.
3. Psychopathological persons.
4. Misinterpretation of known objects.

These conclusions have been given a great deal of study and it is now concluded that the vast majority of the reports received are not due to hysteria, war nerves, hoaxes, publicity seekers, psychopathological persons, etc., but they are reports made by persons who have definitely seen something that they themselves could not explain at the time of the sighting and have very sincerely made their report to the Air Force. This does not mean that these reports could not have been misinterpretations of known objects, as not all of us are familiar with the many different ways known objects can appear under various conditions.

In the Summer of 1951 the project was reviewed at the request of Headquarters USAF and Project Blue Book was established. Between 1949 and 1951 the project had