The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements other than the text and form elements. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT SAYS "LYEN" BAUER WAS NOT A NAVY PILOT (This Loris sentirentp Loris, S. C. 1/27/53)

On the evening of 31 december 1952 at about 7:30 P.M. Mr. Lyen Bauer was driving along US Highway 17 near Conway, South Carolina, approximately 30 miles south of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, when he observed what appeared to be a plane or a blimp, traveling at a high rate of speed, at an altitude estimated at 1000 to 1200 feet.

Both departments the craft as being circular with the contour of a half dollar of somewhat larger size. It seemed to be illuminated from both inside and out, and moved with a jerky and irregular motion, varying its speed and altitude. He saw no wings, tail or other identifying characteristics, and It seemed to disappear over the horizon near Myrtle Beach. No sound was heard.

this grizzling from east to west, the craft were now low in the sky like a half dollar and moving at a tremendous rate of speed northward. It was almost directly above him when it disappeared, and he readily lost sight of it as it went beyond his range of vision. It was about 15 minutes from the time he first noticed the object until it disappeared.

Mr. Bauer estimated that he had driven approximately 15 miles before he finally lost sight of the object, which would indicate a ground speed of around 60 miles per hour for the object.

CAA-man Holt claimed that an investigation of the Blimp, now at Myrtle Beach, would reveal that an antenna had been placed on it. The Air Force denied any connection with the shooting, since they had no aircraft in the area at the time it was reported.

Witnesses all agreed that whatever the object was, it was definitely not a plane or any other known aircraft. One man, visiting in the area, who was a few miles south of Conway, reported the object and a military jet chase of it. Tracked by radar, the unidentified object was estimated to be traveling at approximately 1000 miles per hour.

UNCLASSIFIED