The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text in the document discusses simultaneous radar visual sightings and the importance of gathering accurate data when investigating such sightings, including checking the flight path or location of the visually observed object with the radar track. The document also mentions the use of theodolites or a theodolite combined with a plain visual sighting as a way to gather very accurate data. The document is classified as "RESTRICTED" and "UNCLASSIFIED".

RESTRICTED
data for the study of weather and interference effects.
Simultaneous Radar Visual Sightings
Reports of simultaneous visual reports that supposedly correlate with unusual speed or erratic radar tracks are not me-
teors and lightning, are a different story. No presently known phenomena or
condition will give this situation. If it can be shown that the object sighted
visually and the radar track are the same, the report warrants a detailed in-
vestigation. See far, this has not happened in any of our unknown cases. We
have good reports of simultaneous visual-radar sightings 'that again there are
always factors that shed varying degrees of doubt as to whether or not the
observations involved the same object.
The first factor in establishing a correlation is to check the flight path
or location of the visually observed object with that shown on radar. If this
correlates closely the next step is to establish that the time was the same,
sometimes a difficult task. Other checks can also be made but these two are
basic.
Other Simultaneous Sightings -
Any report of an object seen from two separated locations is relatively
important. Those include two locations on the ground. From the ground and air,
etc. Of these, the best way to gather very accurate data is to utilize two
theodolites or a theodolite combined with a plain visual sighting. The use of
a theodolite is considered an instrumental observation. For those who are not
familiar with the term, a theodolite is a device for accurately measuring the
altitude and elevation angles during weather balloon flights. Nearly every air
base and large civilian airport has one. It can be put into use by merely call-
ing the weather station and requesting that they try to observe the reported
object. The data needed are the time, elevation, and azimuth at one minute

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED