The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a typed document or report. 

OCR Text:

FLYING SAUCER*

Capt. Hector C. Quintanilla, Jr.. USAF. 2273 d field, dated 31 Dec 53.

Capt. Quintanilla indicates that on 6 Dec 53, this office received a call from a 
I saw o strange object in the sky at about 11:00 p.m. on 5 Dec 53 It was described as being round in shape, about the size of a basketball, and yellowish-white in color. It appeared to be moving very fast and emitting a bright light. "I kept watching it for about 10 minutes and it seemed to get larger and brighter. Then it suddenly disappeared."

I was able to talk to the witness on 7 Dec 53. She said that she saw the object shortly after dark (about 5:30 p.m.) while driving home from work. The object was first seen to the northwest and traveled across the sky towards the southwest at a high rate of speed. She estimated the object to be about 20,000 feet in altitude and it disappeared from sight in about 10 minutes. She stated that she had never seen anything like it before and could not offer any explanation as to what it might have been.

She described the object as being round in shape, about the size of a basketball, and yellowishwhite in color. It appeared to be emitting a bright light but made no noise. She said that it seemed to get larger and brighter as it moved across the sky and then suddenly disappeared from sight.

According to the witness, she saw the object for about 10 minutes and from the time she first saw it until it disappeared, it traveled a considerable distance across the sky. From her description, it seems quite possible that the object could have been a meteor or some other astronomical phenomenon. However, the fact that it appeared to increase in size and brightness as it moved across the sky would tend to rule out a meteor as the explanation. Her statement that it suddenly disappeared from sight also seems difficult to explain in terms of a meteor. Could it possibly have been some type of aircraft or missile? It is indeed a puzzling sighting and one which I have not been able to fully explain.

I might add that I have had considerable experience in investigating UFO reports, and from what the witness has told me, this does not seem to be a typical UFO sighting. There are certain aspects of it that do not quite fit the pattern of most UFO reports that I have handled. However, I do not feel that I can completely rule out the possibility that this was some type of unusual aerial phenomenon. The witness appeared to be sincere and her description of the object was quite detailed. Perhaps additional information or reports from other sources might help to provide a more satisfactory explanation.