The image does not contain any photographs. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

And now to the 2nd betch; of 26 March '53:

In the 2nd betch, only 2 are Venua (Cartigeville) and 18 (Cape Vincent) March. There is a possibility that, as the 15 March, Germany was the stiruts. Fron information to be intersting to know elevation above horizon. This one could be interesting questions filled out information as to the apparent size of the object, its apparent brightness, its color, its duration, elevation, azimuth, and any other meteorological phenomena.

Now as to the remainder, the 21 March Capes could have been a meteor if refer to meteor of the 18 Vennua was some light? Does this indicate here?

The 15 March Courtlands could have been a meteor. The short time of observation seems to make follow-up not worthwhile.

The 19 March Newfoundland cases of very interesting, but only one observer. 

The 18 March Great Swils, sent a picture. Can a balloon ruled out? I think a questionnaire here would be appropriate. Maybe you ought to stations a special observer at Great Falls.

The 19 March Tanawanda has insufficient data. The 21 March Elmira is quite interesting but observed only a few seconds. This one is mystery.

the 13 March Haynell AFB has insufficient evidence.

Finally, the 11 March Greenville, could be a balloon.

These balloons that are a cause T. observe mentioned like to follow up. Those are 9 March; AFB, 5 March; Vms AFB 16 March; and 18 March Great Falls.

My plan, Lieutenant, is to concentrate on relatively few cases that show promise of affording definitive data. I purposely went to keep the number of cases down for - obvious reasons of time limitation. If it becomes possible to obtain all details of these cases which could assign certain follow up, I hope we can discuss these and other matters at your visit here 22 April.

Best Wishes,

Sincerely,
Allen H. Knight

P.S. Any further word on the Port Austin Case of 17 Feb?
I should appreciate talking with Dr. Kaplan concerning the
limited plan.