Unfortunately, there does not appear to be a photograph included in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text describes a sighting of a "small flying torpedo-like craft" observed on October 9, 1952 in Hampton Bays, Long Island, New York. The report provides details of the witness's observations, but does not mention or include any photographs.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Supplemental Report:
Date of Occurrence: October 9, 1952
Since completing my report on the large size of June of this year, another phenomena or event has occurred.

1. 1952, 9:00 P.M. in the evening (no moon) observed at a distance to be airplanes, they were silent. They flew around down the breeze and then just like fireflies do, and their glow would fluctuate in the same manner. It didn't pay too much attention to them. All of a sudden all of them disappeared on our side (east) of Smith's Creek in the marsh in front of me and appeared on the opposite side (west) of the creek. It wasn't as tho' I had followed them with my eyes, because I didn't see them move. I know airplanes cannot do that and I wondered what was the matter. It was the colder and brisker of the evening and I could see matches between 30 and 50 yards. I went back into our house and turned on our Television set, an hour passed (10:00 P.M.), as I thought I'll take another look out on our porch. While I was watching TV there, I noticed something in the distance. I watched their gyrations for a while and then decided to go see them close up. I went back into the bed room, where I had the film night light on again. 

At about 10:30 P.M., I decided I better take a look out on our porch, since I was thinking now odd it was to see fireflies in the winter.

I didn't turn any lights on, but felt my way to our front door in the darkness. Now I couldn't decide "whether I should have been in our front drive below, and opened it, what I saw, would still anyone's blood. In fact I froze at the doorway."

At the cedar tree in the marsh opposite our front porch, which is about 30 feet from our porch, looked something down from the top of the tree, a brilliant emerald green steady glow. Rather blindingly at times. It seemed to be about the size of a baseball and seemed to be flying in jerky motions. So minute them worth for a few seconds, but when I opened the door, then it was gone. Though I couldn't place the distant buoys, but I looked and the buoy was beyond where it was.

I looked it over carefully for several minutes before it flew away. (See Illustration Sheet # 4)

DESCRIPTION: It was about 12 to 15 inches long and about 3 inches in diameter, pointed at the nose like a torpedo, streamlined and with an odd shape.