There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

CG 1029 AIR DIVISION (DEFENSE)  10AD-3-53       PAGE 2 OF 4 PAGES

Following is an account derived from an interview with Major Joseph J. Lemon:

At approximately 2330 (MST) 16 Feb 1953, a C-47, piloted by Major Joseph J. Lemon, navigator and crew of 6, was on an instrument-pilot training mission over the area of Anchorage, Alaska. As the aircraft approached an area approximately 25 miles southwest of Anchorage at an altitude of 12,000 feet, the pilot and the instructor-pilot, who was one of the passengers, observed a bright light approximately 5-6 miles distant, which was pulsating and moving in a zig-zag pattern at a speed estimated to be 1,000 to 1,500 miles per hour. The light was estimated to be approximately 7'5" in diameter. When it was realized that the object was speeding and maneuvering at a higher rate of speed than the C-47, the pilot took evasive action by going into a steep turn to the right. As the C-47 turned, the light was observed passing underneath the aircraft at an estimated distance of 2000 feet and the light was estimated to be at an altitude of about 10,000 feet. The light was observed for approximately 15 minutes and then disappeared.

The object continued on a straight course for the Willow area, slowly climbing to approximately 2000 feet, increasing its speed to twice its original size and intensity. On reaching the Willow area, the object seemed to stop and hover, then made a sharp turn to the northeast and disappeared to the northeast. The total time of sighting was approximately five minutes. It was above the horizon at that point.

The C-47 approached Elmendorf and entered the traffic pattern at 1500 feet on the upwind leg. Shortly after making the final turn onto the crosswind leg, the crew again observed the object standing still high in the sky. This time the object appeared much larger in size, approximately 7-8 miles in diameter. After the C-47 had taken up a landing of 330 degrees, the object was still visible in the northeast, continuing on a northerly course and gradually diminishing in size and intensity, disappeared. The C-47 landed safely at Elmendorf.

The duration of the sighting was approximately 15 minutes under CAVU weather conditions. Aurora Borealis illuminated the sky behind the object. The only conclusion the observers could make was that the object was a remote controlled device under the control of an intelligence. The size, speed, and maneuverability of the object were beyond the capability of any known aircraft, according to the observers.