No photograph is present on this page.

Here's the OCR output of the text found in the document:

---

EGK-28 PR 59-59 UNCLA. INTELLIGENCE OSUCI TS-21832

(SUNJACT 986).

It is desired that you indicate (by way of brief and general statement) all your qualifications and/or knowledge for analyzing and evaluating (based strictly on their technical aspects) the incidents involving "flying saucers, flying discs or aerial phenomenon of somewhat similar nature, i.e., your professional background, general and specialized engineering experience, medical knowledge, publications and/or articles written, etc. (This information is used for verification purposes and will be considered confidential, if so marked by you. See attached "General Information for Women's Panel on Engineering and Technical Assistance".)

13 February 1953

On the morning of 24 January 1953, Mr. Eckert (flash) point type light moved across the western sky at . about 5000 feet altitude.. The object was moving from north to south good visibility. He could see the silhouette of a “bullous shaped object. He stated that there was an indistinguishable noise accompanying this lighted object which appeared to him to be coming from an exceptionally high speed jet aircraft. There was no other sound other than a sound of “treet” hissing air. Object continued on south at a high rate of speed before vanishing out of sight after about 5 seconds.

On the evening of 25 January 1953, while cruising over Katowice, Poland, my radar man announced that we were being scrubbed by an unidentified aircraft to our rear at range of from 10 to 12 miles. I ordered highest speed my craft (500 mph) the unidentified aircraft ranged from 5 to 7 miles at the same or greater speed. After a few minutes following this action, this aircraft launched 4 missile(like objects from beneath object. The missiles travelled across the sky with incredible speed in a south-westerly direction where one over Czeckovakia, object merged into what appeared to be “string” of light, which lasted for 5 seconds and then dissolved and was identified in the radar scope. This unidentified aircraft immediately broke off from me toward the mountains at a very high speed. It seemed to be “tumbling” but unidentifiable.

On the night of 26 January 1953, our radar man spotted an unidentifiable object on the scope two miles to our left at a lower altitude with speed three times that of a normal jet aircraft closing in on our position in a sw pressence. As this unidentifiable object closed in,” I could, at times , make out what were unidentifiable, random lights of different sizes and colors. Object remained motionless just outside of radar til I attempted to identify it closer. I could identify no markings or positions which caused me to be highly skeptical. I ordered evasive action and dove to nearly tree top height to straighten out radar man upon leveling did not relocate this unidentifiable object either scope or visually.

Descriptive Data: Object was circular in shape very large at times and small at times that I was able to visualize. Object either radiated its own light or was of such a material as to allow it to observe light from any various direction. Object seemed to be controlled by a much higher intelligence then we have and for fear of causing possible misunderstanding and misinterpretation. Compliments were unusable except to constitute “funvee.” These observations were observed during 12 to 16 hours of oncoming flying and I was very much ill at the time and I lack much.

It is to be noted that on the evenings of these observations we were performing border patrol and reconnoitering over Poland and Czeckovakia. A number of differerent unidentifiable objects were encountered and were sighted during the time period but because of safety reasons I was unable to devote my fullest attention to each and cite. Have noted most relevent and rememberable occurrence.

The above observations are in compliance with instructions from Headquartes containing information designed which is in compliance with security regulations. Signature, XXX, Major, Air FgtCon , ALTILING - NOT ALTERNATIVE

---

(Note: The text contains typographical errors and inconsistencies due to the nature of OCR on older, possibly degraded documents.)