The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a textual document discussing statistics and a breakdown of UFO reports received in 1952 as part of Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document.

Statistics
You might be interested in a breakdown of our reports for 1952. In breaking down these reports, we use several degrees of certainty under each category. We'll take balloons, for example. We will classify them as a known balloon, a probable balloon, or a possible balloon. A known balloon means that we were definitely able to correlate the facts of the sighting with the data on a balloon track and there is no doubt that the object was a balloon. Probably a balloon means that we were not able to correlate all the data, but there is no doubt in our minds but what the reported object was a balloon. A possible balloon is where we check the report with balloon data and cannot definitely say, we still believe the object was a balloon. This factor accounts for "lost" balloons that is, balloons that may have developed slow leaks and floated great distances. In all our categories of balloons, aircraft, and astronomical bodies, we use these three breakdowns. 
(Slide showing Breakdown of Conclusions)
In analyzing 1952 reports, and those are reports that have been received through military channels and do not include several hundred reports from civilians direct to ATIC, as of 22 December 1952 a total of 16.51% of all our reports were balloons. A further breakdown of this: 1.57% of the total were known balloons; 4.95% of the total were probably balloons; and 11.99% were possible balloons. As far as aircraft is concerned, 11.76% of all the reports were aircraft. Of these .98% were known to be aircraft; 7.71% were probably aircraft; and 3.07% were possibly aircraft. Of the properties, 11.82% were analyzed as being astronomical bodies. Of these 2.55% were known; 7.4% were probable and 1.87% were possible astronomical. In the "Other" category, which includes ducks over drive-in's, paper in an updraft, etc., accounted for 4.21% of the total reports. Hoaxes were 1.67% - now by hoaxes we mean those reports where the persons purposely set out to perpetrate a hoax; 6.84% were radar.