The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

FLYING SAUCERS

Extract from the "Asheville Citizen" Feb 12,1953-

JET CHASES. RED OBJECT OVER STATE MARINE PLANE NO WATCH FOR STRANGE BODY.

Cherry Point N.C. - The Marine Corps reported today that one of its jet fighters had chased an unidentified object that flashed through the sky at astonishing speed in an F-92 panther jet fighter.

The chases, the object passed over the official Marine Corps said, but the speedy jet turned out to be no match for the object, which slipped away in a matter of seconds.

The statement gave these details: Planes at the Marine Auxiliary Air Station, Cherry Point, N.C., saw the object which was described as round, white and about the size of a silver dollar. It included the report of first Lt. W.R. Caldwell, who was flying the fighter, who said the object turned sharply after he had sighted it and then disappeared from view.

He estimated the object was about ten miles away from him during the two to three minutes he chased it. At that distance, he said, the object was about a quarter of an inch wide and three inches long. It had two red lights on the left hand side, and appeared to be about four feet in diameter, he said, and it threw out a red glow behind it.

Regarding the chasing, he said that he had the throttle of his jet wide open but the plane suddenly dropped from his altitude and disappeared. Captain Thomas W. Riggs was one of several pilots who corroborated Lt. Caldwell's story when he received a call from Gerald Midget, a farmer living near Orville, N.C., reporting the sighting. Midget said the object passed over his farm in a swampy area and then a ground fire was seen. Marine helicopters searched the swampland and found a small fire but no signs of a crash.

The Marine Corps statement said the object was first sighted by a helicopter which reportedly had investigated the incident at Norfolk. Marine Ground Control Interceptor Squadron said instruments had measured the speed of the Navy fighter.