The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
EXHIBIT NO. IDS SUPPLEMENT SHEET

This report is supplementary to the report of the investigation of an unidentified flying object sighted over Santa Ana, California on 10 January 1953.

The principal observer, who was the pilot of a United States Air Force F-86 fighter aircraft, submitted a detailed written report describing his sighting of an unidentified object which he observed at close range for approximately five (5) minutes. The object was described as being metallic in appearance, oval in shape, and approximately 30 to 50 feet in diameter. It emitted no sound and did not display any means of propulsion. The object was observed to execute rapid maneuvers and changes in altitude which the pilot stated could not have been accomplished by any known type of conventional aircraft. The pilot's report has been carefully corroborated by other observers on the ground.

It should be noted that this supplementary report contains additional details and observations which were not included in the original report. These are set forth below:

1. LOCATION: The sighting occurred approximately 5 miles southwest of Santa Ana, California, at an estimated altitude of 15,000 to 20,000 feet.

2. TIME: The object was first observed at approximately 12:07 p.m. (PST) and was kept under observation for approximately five (5) minutes.

3. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: The object was described as being metallic in appearance, oval in shape, and approximately 30 to 50 feet in diameter. It emitted no sound and did not display any means of propulsion.

4. MANEUVERS: The object was observed to execute rapid maneuvers and changes in altitude which the pilot stated could not have been accomplished by any known type of conventional aircraft.

5. WITNESSES: In addition to the pilot, the object was observed by two other United States Air Force personnel who were on the ground at the time of the sighting.

6. WEATHER CONDITIONS: The weather at the time of the sighting was clear with good visibility.

7. INVESTIGATION AND CONCLUSIONS: The sighting has been thoroughly investigated by appropriate United States Air Force personnel. All available evidence has been carefully analyzed and evaluated. Based on this investigation, it is the conclusion of the United States Air Force that the object observed was an unidentified flying object, the nature and origin of which could not be determined.

UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED