There does not appear to be any photograph contained in the image. The document appears to be a typed report or account of a UFO sighting.

OCRED TEXT:

UNCLASSIFIED DATE
SOUTCES HAPPY SWAMP ST. , 1940

For the last few years I have had a guilty conscience for fighting and reporting many experiences in 1954. All of these happened in a rural area near Florence, Indiana, where I spent my summers and where I am still very interested in my experience. 

We lived in a small rented farmhouse and we are in a very hilly, woody area. My widowed grandmother owned a plot of ground with a couple of hundred acres near our farmhouse. The stories we heard in the countryside and some actual events here decided me to go to my mother for a short time in 1954. I had become uneasy before that time.

One evening in the middle of June, about 8 PM, my cousin, who was about 18 years old, and I decided to take a walk down the lane and back. The fields on each side of the lane were in a semi-hilly state, as these were rolling hills. As we walked quietly down the lane I heard a humming sound which kept getting louder. It did not come from the direction of the farmhouse. I told my cousin to be quiet and I stood still and listened. The humming sound grew louder and seemed to be coming from the field to the right of the lane. I then saw a strange object in the sky, shaped something like a pancake with a hole in the middle. It was hovering or seemed to be just a short distance off the ground in the field. I could see no windows or lights on it. The object was about 30 ft. in diameter and appeared to be a dull metallic color. The humming sound was almost deafening by this time.

We both became frightened and started to run back toward the farmhouse. As we did so, the object seemed to rise slowly straight up until it disappeared from sight. The humming sound also seemed to die away as the object rose.

When we reached the farmhouse, I explained to my grandmother what we had seen. She said that a few days before she had seen strange lights in the sky in that same location. She had not mentioned it for fear of being laughed at. After this incident, any time I went for a walk in that area, I kept looking skyward, but never saw the object again.

I have often wondered what that object was and where it came from. I feel quite sure it was not an airplane or any known aircraft. The object made no noise like a plane and had no lights. If I had not seen it with my own eyes I would not have believed it. Even now, many years later, I can still see that strange object in my mind's eye.

Mrs Alice J. Davis
1174 Pike St.
Wabash, Indiana