Form D

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME [redacted] (Please Print)                                    (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                   CODE:
SIGNATURE [redacted]

DATE July 7 1954

I was driving home from an appointment with an insurance prospect. I was driving on Mayfield Road, in a westerly direction, approaching I am home. It was bright when out of my right mini-field caught my attention. It was an object shaped somewhat like a scoop or crescent. It was higher than a football field, right in the middle from the top and bottom. It was sort of a monkey-white in color, and as I watched it, driving very slow ( I had originally been driving at a speed of about 25 miles per hour), and had now slowed down to about 5 miles per hour and was staying, more or less, alongside the curb ). It sort of wobbled from side to side as it just hovered there, as a feather might drift across the room and I sighted ahead between me and right of the object. I was approaching Los Aves, so then I switched Los, I turned to the right, pulled away to the curb, shut off the motor of my car, and got out. I started around the car and up to the curb, and I could clearly see the object, still hovering just over the tree-tops. About five or fewer miles away. As I looked at one corner, I remember the night was very clear and bright with almost no clouds anywhere. It was very, and almost totally dark by this time. As I watched the object, fascinated by it, it slowly began to move into a westerly or single motion, somewhat like a buzzard when it starts its prey. As it did, it turned first to one side, and then to the other, like the traveling below:

[Hand-drawn diagram showing a dashed oval outline with arrows indicating rotational/circular movement pattern]