The image does not contain a photograph. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

1. This investigation was requested by Commander, Maxwell AFB, Alabama, predicated upon unconfirmed reports of serial explosions, alleged crashes and unidentified flying objects, one of which is alleged to have fallen through the roof of a house, injuring civilians, on 30 November 1954.

2. This is a joint investigation by Special Agent KENNETH L. ATCHLEY and writer.

AT MAXWELL AFB, ALABAMA

3. At 1540 hours, 30 November 1954, ANDREW R. CURTIS, JR., Captain, Adjutant, 3500th Air Base Wing, telephonically advised Special Agent ATCHLEY that GILBERT F. HOWARD, a teletype operator, had stated that a metallic substance had fallen through the roof of a house and injured a woman occupant of the house. HOWARD stated further that an explosion of some type had occurred in the area and that the object had struck the house. HOWARD further advised that aircraft had been seen in the area just prior to the explosion, and that the object, upon striking the house, had exploded. ATCHLEY informed Special Agent ATCHLEY that a 48th Air Rescue Squadron helicopter had been dispatched to Sylacauga to corroborate the object and return it to Maxwell AFB, and that Colonel JAMES C. PRATT, Commander, 3500th Air Base Wing, had requested that Special Agent ATCHLEY meet the helicopter upon its return and examine the object in an attempt to identify its origin.

4. At 1610 hours, 30 November 1954, GEORGE R. BUFFORD, 1st Lt., Flight Services, was telephonically advised that numerous reports of alleged aircraft crashes and/or explosions during the afternoon from numerous places in Alabama, Mississippi and Georgia, including a report of an explosion in the area of Sylacauga, Alabama. BUFFORD advised that all reportedly had been investigated with negative results. BUFFORD further verified that the 48th Air Rescue Squadron helicopter had been dispatched to Sylacauga to corroborate the object and return it to Maxwell AFB.

UNCLASSIFIED