There are no photographs present in the image provided.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system to produce an output of all the text found in the document:

```
- 11 -
FRANCE

Oct. 8, 1954

PRESS WEIGHS MOLOTOV'S BERLIN SPEECH

Paris, French Home Service, Oct. 8, 1954), 0700 GM--L

(Press Review on Molotov's Berlin Speech)

(Excerpts)

RESISTANCES DE L'OUEST says "Molotov has made, as was expected, a last
minute attempt to prevent the strengthening of western Europe. His
attempt is belittling place just as the French parliament debates the
London agreements. This coincidence throws a blinding light on Soviet aims."

LE PROGRES DE LYON  says: "Molotov wishes to strengthen Soviet links with
East Germany and to keep the door open for new negotiations." L'HUMANITE
says: "It is of course obvious that everything is not new in the Soviet
proposals. But one cannot seriously accuse a diplomacy of remaining faithful
to its principles when the latter are those of peaceful coexistence and
of negotiations. The fact that such principles are reaffirmed does not
weaken them."

LES ECHOS says: "Molotov's offers are vague and unreliable. His willingness
to resume negotiations does not mean that he has given up the demands which
led to the failure of previous negotiations. The preliminary conditions
laid down by the USSR remain today as unacceptable as they were yesterday."

LORD-SCAR says: "The duty of the Western Powers is to be prepared for
the worst. That does not prevent them from backing the 'best' if the
latter occurs."

LE POPULAIRE says: "One must continue to negotiate. But at the same
time one must also put the finishing touch to the defensive organization
of the free world. Events have shown that Soviet concessions are in ration
to firmness, organization, and solidarity of the West."

Robert Schuman writing in LE COURRIER DE LA SEINE says: "Constructive
cooperation between the East and the West is at present impossible
because of differences in the very views held by the two sides concern-
ing the role of man. All we can hope for and try to achieve is the
establishment of a modus vivendi between the two world with economic
and possibly cultural exchanges. This presupposing the relaxation of
controls and the lowering of present barriers."