This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

5 August 1960

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge your letter of 16 July concerning unidentified flying objects.

The Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center has no record of a UFO sighting at Oklahoma City during August 1954. Provided it was reported to a nearby air force base at that time, this would indicate the sighting was probably solved locally. Tinker Air Force Base and the Oklahoma City Air Force Station had officers on duty who would have shed some light on this sighting, or the cause. In any event, the long interval of time since that visual sighting has further investigated this case by the Air Force.

The Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center has no information to the effect that ADC pilots have fired on unidentified flying objects or flying saucers. You must keep in mind that air force is clogged by law with the air defense of the United States and must contact, intercept, and identify any and all aerospace objects as they pose any security risk. Security and the necessary efforts to achieve it probably gives rise to the report that ADC pilots "have orders to shoot down UFOs."

Category percentages of UFOs published in official Department of Defense releases are straight membership comparisons carried out to only two places and because of this were worked in reverse, they will not reflect the actual credible totals logged in reverse by date.

A limited amount of information concerning unidentified aerial phenomena is exchanged between the U.S. Air Force and certain nations. For your information, no other country has near the volume of UFO reports that are made in the United States each year.

As requested I am including the latest Department of Defense fact sheet, dated 21 July 1959, on this subject.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Address redacted]
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma