There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

The text in the document is as follows:

"It is very interesting to learn that neighbor got hold of such a peculiar sample whose strange composition can't be accounted for.

Apparently the composition cannot be satisfactorily accounted for, and its abnormal substance might have dropped from a flying electric wire. Handling of such a cable (this) would perhaps give a clue to its nature, and no explanation as to the origin of the sample is yet forthcoming.

The lady never said that she had seen the material falling from any objects, very low. It was quite an impression, perhaps she had gone through electricity as she reported to be tingling lightly. 

I assure you all, it is impossible even in South America.

The sky was clear, but a strange spinning flying object had been seen slightly earlier on the day of the incident. The floating samples were seen by others in the skies precisely on the day of the incident.

The Hagstrom caught the material end. Let us quote him from his review. "When a few flying saucers were seen, the object from which the material fell, was in a high altitude, one cannot see what was up there." He then that she was in her backyard when she noticed these flying saucers, but they disappeared very quickly. The material samples fell precisely after the saucers had disappeared, and the lady at once started trying to call the sheriff. After a few minutes my representative delivered the material to a chemist for examination. I have not yet received the report on this material. (Formation, Composition etc.) There was no sign that the material was a part of the flying saucer, but one of these objects flying over Campinas; then I confessed my eyes.

Reporter Danton Gomes and Professor Nascimento went to the Young Laboratory to examine the parts of the saucer. They told what they had seen. Laboratory announced that the parts to be 99.91% pure tin and 0.09% phosphor and carbon, said that the analyzed parts were similar in nature to those previously found that were called "o globo" which is 99.91% pure tin. The nature of the material indicates that it not a part of a flying saucer."