There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

Now, I'll transcribe the text present on the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

AFR 200-2 requires

Control symbol IR-14C-6

1. ATIC

2. TC

3. 8-3-2

4. Projects 100-65

On the 19 September 1954 at about 0557I I was standing outside of the weather station, located on the south side of the base, hanging weather balloons, when I happened to glance north. There, moving from east to west at an azimuth of about 175 degrees I spotted what appeared to be a bright star. The object was moving and I could not make it out as clearly as I had much rather it was standing still. I called the control tower operations at 0600I and informed A/3c Fowler to get a station through his cold glasses and see what he could make of it. The operator reported back at 0603I and informed me he also had located it. At 0608I clouds moved under the object, observing it he told me the object was still visible as it moved north easterly direction, passing from about 180 degrees to 175 degrees in azimuth. The object looked to be about the size of a pinhead with a bright light on it. 

(Signed) WINSTON F BEHRENS
A/3c USAF
D-M 18836395

On the morning of 19 September at 0557I, while calling weather observation, I sighted what appeared to be a bright star. Before I hesitated to call it a star within a few seconds, the clouds under it raised, because of its magnitude and output, calling A/3c Sheldon who happened to be handling the door, I called the control tower to wrap up the object which I saw moving from east to west when we first sighted and moved the set until approximately due south of base within about two cylinder signs on the weather office. A/3c DOOGLE using cold glasses reports it continued the object until it disappeared behind a cloud. At 0608 clouds had covered the past position of the object. The object was slightly larger than a star and much lighter. It appeared to me like a reflection in the sun off of a very light-shiny object. 

(Signed) FREDRICK J. SHIELDS
A/3c USAF
Observer

On the morning of 19 September at approximately 0557I I was called to the door on the south side of the weather station, by A/3c Park, and there pointed out to me what appeared to be a very bright star moving east to west, but I was quite positive it couldn’t be a star as it was moving from east to west. So I called the control tower operator and asked him to see what he could make of it through his cold glasses. He then continued to watch the object until it disappeared behind a cloud. It disappeared at about 0608I. The object appeared to be very bright and about the size of a star. At times it appeared to be flickering as sunlight does on a mirror as the mirror is tilted at various angles.

(Signed) JAMES E SHELDON
W/Sgt USAF
Forecastor

UNCLASSIFIED

---

Note: The text may not be perfectly accurate due to the quality of the image but I have tried to provide the best possible transcription.