The image does not contain any photograph. 

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

GALLEY 87—THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

In the air, which could have dropped the solder. The Air Force was apparently never able to locate the person who dropped the solder, and consequently, was unable to ascertain definitely that this was the cause of the phenomena, but Russian saucer enthusiasts refused to accept this explanation. In their opinion, the Air Force had other motives in its conclusion.

Two years later, in the autumn of 1956, the reporter who had conducted the original investigation of the U.F.O. incidents was convinced that the Air Force had deliberately covered up the unimpeachable data he had gathered. Although he did not know the names of the persons who gave them to him, he himself was convinced that they were part of the U.F.O. Air Force scientific team.

When the chief scientist of the U.F.O. project acknowledged the incoming information to be authentic, he did know from the names of the persons who gave him the data, that they were part of the U.F.O. program. This led him to suspect that the Air Force might have intentions to the United States government, possibly one part to a sympathetic scientist at an Ohio college who assisted a student collection to be the original and authentic discoverers with evidence to support his findings. The student claimed, when the U.F.O. project came to an end, that the material which had been in his possession had mysteriously been removed.

This led the scientific community to feel that they were being denied facts. When the U.F.O. group conducted their chemical analysis, they found that the amounts of the elements it contains were not consistent with his findings. The Ohio chemist reported that his specimen contained copper and had a density of 8.9, but the sample he analyzed contained other elements in addition to the copper, and had a density of 7.3, the sample he originally contained other elements it did not.

Events in addition to show the attitude of the Brazilian UFO Critical Bulletin published the aforementioned conclusions under the headline. "Such Analyses Apparently Dishonest," and discussed the significance of the fact that the person who gathered the data and turned it over to the Air Force had since mysteriously disappeared.

The full facts on which this conclusion rests should presumably be available for study. But these have never been published, and it is unknown, they may or may not have been part of the 1954 file. But the 1954 incident of at least officers believe that the conclusions reached above, based on whatever data was available then, are incorrect. They have been trying to track down the details of the 1954 incidents, and to determine whether it came from earth or from beyond.

The material did not disintegrate or disappear, as suggested, and individual waste may be, but remained available for analysis. Ultimately, this special evidence was lost or destroyed, and specific analyses, and some published his complete data. The Ohio chemist, busy with other duties, had time only to make a preliminary check but did not determine the amount of the present and did not determine what elements other than the copper that were in the sample.

Though the identity of the recipient of the data is not known, the fact that the public has been denied access to the complete evidence, and the attempt has been made to impugn the honesty of the original investigator, when the facts, if available, may prove to be quite different, indicates a reluctance by someone to have the whole truth known. When a controversial sample is concerned, as in this case, photographic tests, if performed, are not available.

When a controversial sample is concerned, as in this case, a competent chemist would use the meager data available to assert that the data was inadequate to characterize the sample, but would not use it to draw a conclusion that something untoward had occurred. The chemist's opinion that the specimen used was not consistent with something the Hydrometeorological Service would very probably have found. If it is shown that the specimen was consistent with natural materials, this would not necessarily prove that it was not part of the U.F.O. which had been recovered.

With so few facts available, no competent chemist would use the meager data available to assert that the data was inadequate to characterize the sample, but would not use it to draw a conclusion that something untoward had occurred. The evidence indicates that the public has been denied access to the complete data and that attempts have been made to impugn the honesty of the original investigator, when the facts, if available, may prove to be quite different.