The image contains a photograph of a woman, Mrs. Hewlett Hodges, who was struck by a meteorite that fell through the roof of her home in Sylacauga, Alabama on November 30, 1954. The article describes how the meteorite, approximately six inches in diameter, fell through the roof and struck Mrs. Hodges, causing bruising to her hip and hand. The article also mentions that Mrs. Hodges demanded the Air Force return the fallen meteorite to her.

Text from the document:

METEOEITE STRUCK MRS. HEWLETT HODGES FALL THROUGH ROOF

Woman Demands A. F. Return Fallen Meteorite

SYLACAUGA, Ala., Dec. 1 — A meteorite, six inches in diameter, fell through the roof of Mrs. Hewlett Hodges' home here Tuesday afternoon and struck her, causing a bruise on her hip and hand. 
     The 32-year-old Mrs. Hodges is the only known person ever struck by a meteorite. She was only slightly injured, however, and the meteorite, which fell from a 10-mile high altitude, was recovered from her home.
     An explosion visible in three states was reported to the Air Force base at Wrigiht-Patterson Field, Ohio.
     Mrs. Hodges, who was lying on her sofa when the meteorite came through the roof, said she planned to turn the stone-like object over to the Air Force as a souvenir.
     "It looked something like a shell but blue off-white smoke came out of it," she said. Mrs. Hodges has turned the meteorite over to the Air Force and officials there are examining it. They say it will be returned to her later.

DAYTON DAILY NERS. 1 December 1954

ATIC To Te.. Clobbering Meteorite 

The star that fell on Alabama
- a meteorite that cloddered into
a living room and created a brui
se on Mrs. Hewlett Hodges - will
be studied by Wright-Patterson
Air Force base officials.
Officials at Air Technical Intelligence Center at the Dayton,
Ohio, base said Friday they will
examine the two-pound rock before returning it to its owner,
Mrs. Hewlett Hodges of Sylacauga, Ala.
The 32-year-old housewife was
struck Tuesday when the meteorite crashed through her roof, bruising her hip and hand.
The finder, who have obtained
an attorney to make sure they
get the rock back, said Friday
they have been told to go to the
ATIC and hope to get the highest
$3,000.

DAYTON DAILY NEWS, 3 December 1954