This scanned document does not appear to contain any photographs. The image is all text, with some portions redacted or blacked out.

Transcribing the visible text:

UNCLASSIFIED

to get some of the substance "wrapped around this black cloth." He said he had wrapped some black cloth around the end of a hollow pole, and collected it as leaves and vegetation were pulled in by the cloth. He said the material attached to the cloth was a light, transparent substance, similar to a thin film or "gossamer web" and that various analyses had been made of it. DAILY stated that he did not know what this substance was, but he had obtained a television show on Sunday night, 31 January 1954, at which time a panel of personnel discussing flying saucers said the substance was similar to a type of fluff or "gossamer web" which has been observed around flying saucers. DAILY said that he had informed DAILY that he would check this back as soon as possible, and he now found that the material he had collected at the time had been stored and had been examined by the Intelligence Unit and had found that it could be "spun into a thread and was very brittle."

DAILY advises that he had called Capt JO.. L who is working on the matter, to follow up on his findings, and DAILY said that he and his wife had agreed for F. C. HIGGINS, a civilian security officer with the Los Angeles County Engineers, to see the substance. DAILY said that he and his wife visited the location and saw the black cloth from which the material had been obtained, and it was viewed by MILLER. MILLER said the substance appeared to have originated from the black cloth.

The DAILY said the substance disappeared mysteriously when the cloth was removed from the location. He states that when the cloth was removed from the ground, the substance seemed to evaporate, and it was viewed by MILLER and it appeared to disappear. He said it was similar in appearance to the black cloth from which it was obtained, and the "evaporation" of the substance occurred before their eyes.

UNCLASSIFIED

SUMMARY OF THE INFORMATION ABOUT HIMSELF AND HIS FINDINGS:

He is a DAILY surveyor of the substance "wrapped around a black cloth." He says he was an Instructor of Basics, primary and night, Enlist, USAF, and was discharged in September 1953. He contacted the Intelligence Unit regarding the substance, and says various analyses have been made of it. He obtained a television appearance on 31 January 1954 to discuss the substance. He had the substance examined by the Intelligence Unit, who found it could be "spun into a thread and was very brittle." He contacted Capt JO.. L who is working on the matter, and MILLER, who viewed the black cloth and substance. The substance mysteriously "evaporated" when the cloth was removed from the ground.