The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is an "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" and contains detailed text describing an unidentified aerial sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

DECLASSIFIED FULL TEXT

10 September 1954

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object, Vicinity of Santa Maria Airport, Azores 

A- On the evening of 8 September 1954, at approximately 2000L, a brilliant white light was observed in the sky about 10 miles northwest of Santa Maria Airport, Azores Islands. The light was first sighted by the airport tower operator and other personnel on duty at the airport. Shortly thereafter, it was also observed by the pilot and co-pilot of an American Airlines Flight inbound to Santa Maria Airport. 

B- The light was first observed as a small bright spot in the clear night sky. Within 30 seconds, it had increased greatly in size and brilliance, becoming a huge pulsating mass of white light which illuminated the entire area. The light was then observed to ascend at a rapid rate to an estimated altitude of 20,000 feet, where it again increased in size and brilliance, becoming a huge circular mass of white light. The light then remained stationary in this position for approximately 2 minutes. At the end of this period, it suddenly extinguished and disappeared from view.

C- The pilot and co-pilot of the American Airlines flight reported that the light had been visible for a distance of at least 50 miles and that it had illuminated their entire aircraft as well as the surrounding countryside. Both pilots stated that the light was far brighter than any known aircraft running lights or other aviation lights with which they were familiar.

D- The report of this incident was submitted to the Air Force by the American Airlines crew and the airport tower personnel. The Air Force investigating officer states that the object could not be identified and that this sighting represented a valid unidentified flying object.