There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an old UFO report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

ATIC55/ACt Droppers/re/69216

Christchurch, New Zealand
Dear Mr. ---,

This will acknowledge receipt of your three letters, dated 29 November, 6 December, and 13 December 1954, respectively, concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object over Canterbury, New Zealand on 23 November 1954. These reports have been recorded and will undoubtedly serve as a valuable supplement to our records, and with your permission, photographic copies thereof will be retained for the purpose of completing our records.

The information that you provided and the photographs which were enclosed with your letters have been carefully examined. From the data gathered, it appears that the object sighted was a natural phenomenon, probably a reflection or mirage, rather than an extraterrestrial device. Phenomena of this type are primarily dependent on weather conditions. Many factors, such as atmospheric temperature, pressure, humidity, and the like, partially determine the rate of descent, weight of the charge, drop trajectory, and must be carefully considered in the mission planning of a drop. It is my considered opinion that the sighting you reported was of this nature, and that no further special investigation is warranted.

On 23 November 1954, the Air Technical Intelligence Center forwarded the cloud negatives back to you via air mail, and all information and photographs relative to this sighting are returned herewith.

Concerning your specific inquiry regarding extraterrestrial cargo parachutes, may I say that the possibility of such parachutes being sighted cannot be completely ruled out. However, the actual occurrence of this type is primarily dependent on weather conditions. Many factors, such as atmospheric temperature, pressure, humidity, and the like, partially determine the rate of descent, weight of the charge, drop trajectory, and must be carefully considered in the mission planning of a drop. It is my considered opinion that the sighting you reported was of this nature, and that no further special investigation is warranted. This type of natural phenomenon would be identifiable under normal circumstances to possible damage or loss of the cargo released, which results in a monetary loss as well as wasted manpower.