The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that discusses observations of reflected light from ice crystals in the sky. The document contains detailed descriptions of the observed phenomenon, including the date, location, time of day, and weather conditions. It also discusses the diffraction patterns and apparent distortion of the central image, as well as the effect of changes in the density of the ice crystals on the reflected image. However, there is no photograph or image included in this particular page of the document.

Here is the text from the document, as an OCR output:

NOTE ON REFLECTION AND DIFFRACTION FROM ICE CRYSTALS IN THE SKY
- Charles F. Squires, The Rice Institute, Houston, Texas 
(Received June 9, 1952)

Observations of the reflected light from ice crystals in the sky have been made for centuries and such natural phenomenon as "mock suns" are well known. On February 6, 1952, I observed and repeatedly photographed the reflections of sunlight from ice crystals flying in an airplane at 12,000 ft. over the mountain country of Tennessee. The time of day was approximately noon, and it was cold. The ground below was visible through the blue haze caused by the ice crystals. The reflected image of the sun was so intense that the camera speed was 1/200 sec and the aperture was nearly closed. The dark green of the mountain trees and a stream in a valley can be seen in Fig. 1. 

The diffraction ring around the central image is just what one would expect from light coming through these ice crystals. It is interesting to note that the image and diffraction rings have an elliptical shape, and I confess that I do not know why this is so. Certainly the ice crystals have their flat surfaces all normal to the vertical. The assumption that a wind could produce an ordering orientation of the crystals in the horizontal plane would allow one to suppose a different diffraction spacing in the x direction than in the y direction. This would give an elliptical diffraction ring, but I do not understand why the central image should be out of round. The spot of light would sometimes be close to the aircraft (it appeared large) and would sometimes be far away (it appeared small). The image kept the angle of reflection of the sun's rays, and this was checked repeatedly when the image coincided with the sun's reflection from a body of water on the ground below. A change of density of the ice crystals would cause the apparent shift in distance. Since the spot of light kept pace with the aircraft, it must have been close to the aircraft.