There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which contains a typed report discussing an investigation into a reported UFO sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED

G. DISCUSSION (Cont.):
10. Names of individuals visited:
a. Mr. 
b. Mrs. 

11. Investigator's personal report:
a. Departed Wright-Patterson AF Base, 0600 hours, 12 October 1956 enroute to Cincinnati, Ohio. Arrived Cincinnati, Ohio 0900 hours. The interviev with Mr. was deliberately delayed for investigative purposes.
b. Mrs.  lives in the suburbs of Cincinnati, in what is known as Madisonville. This suburb is approximately 2% miles from the downtown area of Cincinnati. Mr.  was somewhat perturbed at the delay of my arrival. This was exactly the way this investigation was planned.
c. A note of explanation is necessary here. Mr.  allegedly held in his possession a substance called "Angel's-hair" which propagates of flying saucers. This substance is reportedly floating in the air at times, and is sometimes collected. To insure this substance would not (supposedly) abruptly vanish within a few hours, leaving no trace or residue, it was necessary that my examination would be delayed so that this investigator, which could be considered as hastily treated or prepared to dissolve after the specimen was given me. I let the investigation proceed normally, and the specimen would dissolve before physical examination.
d. I invited Mr.  (and my witness) into his home, and immediately started the discussion by asking if he was free to talk in front of my witness and my business was to inspect his evidence and discuss same for Air Force because he had once been a member of an Air Force Intelligence section.
e. As this investigation involved no classified items or information, I told him to proceed openly. I quote: "How do I report findings to ATIC who pays for this case-ATIC or APRO who pays for the investigation?" I explained I was sent by ATIC to investigate the reported flying saucer sightings, and to get all up-sightings to ADC through Lockbourne Air Force Base and that they paid all phone bills for him.
f. At this point, I interrupted him and explained AFR 200-2 on the procedures of reporting and the conditions under which ATIC authorized the payment of phone calls.

g. I then asked Mr.  who had appointed him "UFO investigator" for the Cincinnati area. And who told this individual was who authorized the aforementioned phone calls, he named a Captain Hugh McKenzie at Lockbourne AF Base, and a Captain Roger who now have replaced Capt. McKenzie.

UNCLASSIFIED