The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing various "riddles" or mysteries related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs) and their observations. The text discusses topics such as the reality of UFOs, the loss of space equipment, sightings of volcanic eruptions on the Moon, and the possibility of the Moon being occupied by hostile or semi-hostile groups. The document also expresses skepticism about the explanations given for these phenomena and suggests that the author believes the UFOs are real and their activities are either hostile or suspicious.

Text from the document:

The second riddle is based on observation and is directly involved with the first, sewing it is a fact that the UFO's are real and are not illusory phantoms of ones' imagination; which is shrinking because of the achievements already accomplished by science. It deals with the loss of our space equipment in mysterious fashion! What has happened to our flights; after their successful blast off? On several occasions it has been announced that there is no explanation for their disappearance. As in the case of the Vandenberg has been.
The explanations given are not in conformance to general knowledge. I am not satisfied, that whatever you wish to call that number, is still in orbit! If it is in orbit, are we sure that was not tampered with?
The third riddle is the sighting of a volcanic eruption on the Moon: by certain Russian astronomers: as well as sightings of corpses or similar substances in a given area. And this in point: it was earlier announced, that we or the Russia would hit the Moon with a death-dealing weapon! Why that particular means to impress the world? Can it be: the Moon is already a base occupied by hostile or semi-hostile groups of beings? Regard the disappearances of whole families: and certain other mysteries: that cannot be cast aside as mere tomfoolery! I do not just gloss over these things: I am seriously concerned about them! I think a man with some backbone ought to announce several things! That the UFO's are real! And that their activities are either hostile or suspicious! Or that they have some intent of dominating the earth: by methods known only to them. To say UFO's do not exist and To ignore it: is a terrible disaster to the soul. What say you sir?