There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Output:

sp-craft d

However, this little difficulty might well be child's play to space- beings science, and they may have a neutron generating fuse gadget that could change a nine-full of nickel into Cobalt-60. All they might need would be some one on this planet 'in the mine. Did the space-beings have La Sarza in mind for this little chore? Would they be avoiding this task themselves because they know that the trigger man would be riddled with radiation before he could take his hand off the gadget in placing it? If this is what the space beings had in mind, did they give up the 
idea when theyloft that area - or, in some other part of the world, at some other niekel mine, will they try again, perhaps with more success? Only 'they' would know what the objective might be in turning a nine- full of nickel into some thousands of tons of cobalt-60. No one knows what that much cobalt-60, in one spot, might do, in terms of radiation unequaled on this planet. A far more sobering thought is this: does cobalt-60 happen to have a critical mass-limit? i.e., would that much of it explode and either trigger-off great earthquakes, or wipe out the hu- man race with atmospheric contamination? Would this be necessarIly a malignant move - or would it be a lesser evil gesture on the part of the Space Guardians,, i.e., to wipe out the human race to forestall our blow~ ing the planet apart with our atomic experiments? From their viewpoint this might amount to killing off the pupils to save the school. Incidentally, those interested in nickel stocks, plus the above pict- ure, can be consoled by the fact that cobalt mine owners are as bad off if not worse, Space beings would undoubtedly know that cobalt-59, the most abundant isotope, can be changed into the dreadful cobalt-60 by ex- posure to neutrons. Each cobalt-59 atom absorbs a neutron, bumps out a gamma ray - and is transmuted into cobalt-60. If space beings can do this while the nickel and cobalt ores are still in the ground, should A it not give us pause? Since I have no power or jurisdiction over such matters, I leave this question to those whose concern it happens to be. And if the above sounds like scientifiction, let me leave you with the thought that actual events, bearing on and related to the coming of the "Saucers", are and will be far stranger than any fiction ever written, - and - NOTES: The single eye - the insect-like appearance: Dr. G.L, describes the first Etherian whom he encountered as being of great stature and as having a single eye in the center of his forehead, And at least one pur- ported etherian communicator described himself as too horrible (accord- ing to our ideas) for us to see. ~ Hostility, etc. Our visitors are of many kinds and races, we cannot judge them properly or measure their thinking by ours. Our protection and best hope is in cooperation with the Guardians - whom our authorities lately (it is said) 'welcomed' "with a ring of bayonets" -- The story of (voluntary) landing at Lake Muroc (Edwards Air Base) tho not 'proyrable' is almost certainly correct in all essentials -- The WrIght Field authorities admit some 700 report- ed sightings per week: now said to be about 800. Op. - Frank Edwards broadcasts. 
(RA Editor)