The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

LIST NO. 214 GRP-DAS ONE, HQ USAF, WASH. D.C., SUBJECT: "UNIDENTIFIED" 

Cloud layer which at the time was estimated to be at 20,000 feet. The objects were visible and occasionally a second period, and appeared to be traveling at an estimated rate of speed of 1,300 miles per hour and disappeared.

Lasted 1-1/2 hours. Estimated to be 40-50,000 feet, and traveled a distance of 70-80 miles. Pilots at the time were observing the Denver control tower and this is the reason why the sighting came to their attention.  

At 1400 hours, 3 O-47 type aircraft from Lowry AFB were also observed making passes at the object for some period of time and then moving off at a normal rate of speed as contrasted to the unidentified object's high speed. 

The objects were observed to make very abrupt turns and change directions very suddenly as they were observed. The objects were observed to make very fast climbs and stops as well as maintain very high speeds for long periods of time.

According to Captain ... the objects were observed by him self and his crewonboard and that in his opinion for some period of time these may have been flight dispatchers for United Air Lines.

Information has reached this office to the effect that Operation BLUE BOOK reports concerning some recent sightings in the Denver, Colorado area indicate that approximately 2000 persons are presently enrolled in the operation. At approximately 1400 hours this date, 8 July 1954, OPERATION CHASE POINT was being held in this vicinity and that these types of observations are apparently high altitude and high speed.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

2 Enel: Capt LAPB                          UNCLASSIFIED      LEROY H. BARNARD
                                                      Colonel, U.S. Air Force 
                                                      District Commander