The image of the document does not contain any photographs; it includes printed text only. Here is the OCR-generated transcription of the text from the document:

---

2 North Mianus
School Boys Tell
Of Seeing 'Saucer'

The story of two North Mianus school pupils who swear they saw a "flying saucer" was revealed by the witnesses yesterday.
The story witnesses are Waldo Merrill, 11 yr old Ray Rd., and his neighbor and pal, Roy Mather. Waldo came flying into the house the other night breathless, scared, and white as a sheet.
"He told his mother he and Roy saw a flying saucer over the Mianus Res. 
"I knew he saw something. He tops wouldn't even go making up. He forgets.
"He saw for cookies later, and worried, my ideas, couldn't," Mr.
does."
Roy and Waldo came down to the the Mianus Res. about 7:45 p.m. last Saturday. They had been skating. Waldo started to explain.
"I saw it coming from the direction of the reservoir. Both boys identified the flew saucer. Green-colored, silvery and apparently much larger left and toward North Mianus," the boys averred.
"What that, partially blocked rivals, each other, Waldo stopped lacing.
The pair watched in awe as the heart-shaped flying object neared below with a saucer."


2 February 1954
Greenwich, Connecticut
2 Feb
Greenwich, Conn.

(Continued from Page 1)
looked. It must have been a couple holes in the saucer shining like stars," Roy reported.
Waldo said "the saucer did not shine on the ice or cause any shadows.
The two boys said they watched the saucer for about three minutes, getting water they believe it was so high.
"That's why they told their father they."
Waldo threw off his loose skate — put his shoe back on, and scrammed.
"I set a new world's record when I ran to the house," Waldo admitted.
Roy stopped playing to the main curb. His house. He turned for answer.
Both boys at their house heard about the other loud buzzer sound and had gone to the ice on the exposed. Roy's said, his statements directly.
Roy nose: "Green-color, no signs of he saw a flying saucer."
Waldo's parents told her, trying to find out what it was.
"I don't believe you saw the saucer. Don't change your mind because people kid you." They said. The focus shifting in the doors are sure. Most boys saw a flying ice saucer the two agreed that it mustn't come from Mars.
"It's probably the Army or Navy testing some radio-controlled device," was Mr. and Mrs. Merrill think. They had fancied a television alloy on flying when the theory which was mentioned the learned play that the armed forces are the great source of the strange mania.

--- 

This transcription includes all visible text from the scanned document page.