The image does not contain any photographs. 

Text transcribed from the document:

THE FLYING SAUCER
October 1957

NO. 6
COMANDO DA DESCUISA LOS DISCOS VOADORES - CRDV - Box 8449 - Sao Paulo, Brazil.
CAPTAIN OF THE NATIVE

The Captain has returned to his native country after an absence of four days. It was his intention to contact several radio stations to interview and investigate the phenomena known to exist in the neighborhood. His visit was successful and he received the civilian saucer investigators interested in the work being carried on by the civilian saucer investigators. The Captain also had a chance to meet and talk together with Daniel, burn their brains along with others, regarding their experiences and experiments with saucers.

It would be utterly impossible to describe how miss Luly, Isabel, and Pedro were admired by the people of the region. Everyone wanted to see them, touch them, and take pictures of them. They caused a great commotion, and the press, radio and newspapers reported on their activities. Our readers may be aware the "railroad rain" of Campo Grande on last July 3rd, and that the "railway rain" seems to have fallen again following the same patterns. 

ROBERTO JOHN, PRESIDENT OF CRDV DIES
We have the sorrowful duty to report that our President, Mr. Roberto John, died last Monday November 4th. Mr. Roberto John was a Vice-President and a director of CRDV. His wife and a niece of his suddenly died yesterday. The body of his niece has been found. Requiescat in pace dear Norberto.

It seems that whenever someone comes up with something very new and very astounding, the "scientific official objects" and "critics in other worlds" an anti-natural thing is not long in making its appearance and disturbing the work. One instance is the "mirage" incident. Same corrections must be made in the former information: it seems in the "flying saucer" shape did not cast any shadow.

Our readers may be aware, as per Bulletin 7, that the "railway rain" of Campo Grande, on last July 3rd, was followed by a "railway rain" affair the following status:

1. A lady - whose name I cannot recall now - was found dead in her backyard, on December 20th 1954, something like what happened to that lady from Campo Grande, who on the same date died in her backyard.

2. From neighboring buildings someone could have thrown the metal rain. If that were the case, then the provocation shall be investigated. (Even if the metal fell by some of her neighbor's action it would still constitute a very grave crime).