Based on the image provided, there does not appear to be any photograph included. The image shows a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

FILE NO: 24-0
CITE: District OSI (TR), Langley AFB, Hampton, Virginia
SUBJ: Unidentified object near Blackstone, Virginia
On 2 January 1954, it was stated that at 1715 hours on 28 January 1954, while the observer, who was chaplain of the 1716th Air Force Band at Langley AFB, witnessed a bright, white, shapeless object which appeared to be at an altitude of between five and seven thousand feet. The object had a constant shine and remained stationary in the sky at about altitude. The observer stated that he watched the object for several minutes and that it did not appear to move in any direction.
While the observer was watching the object, two cars, one driven by the chief of the facility at Blackstone and the other by the observer's wife, drove up to view the object. Both observers stated that the object was visible to them. According to the observer, the object remained stationary for about five minutes and then moved rapidly out of sight to the northwest.
The observer admitted that he might have been mistaken in the altitude estimation and stated that the object could have been at a higher altitude than he estimated. The pilot of the aircraft was notified and they stated that they did not see the object. The pilot then stated that visibility was very poor and the ceiling was extremely low.
The observer further stated that he did not know the size or exact shape of the object. He could not give any information as to the speed or direction of the object, nor did he have any knowledge of the size or the exact shape.
On 29 January 1954, Chief of the Facility at Blackstone was interviewed and he advised that he saw the object at 1723 hours on 28 January 1954 and brought his attention to the sighting. According to the chief, the object appeared to have an estimated altitude of approximately thirty (30) to forty (40) thousand feet. He stated that the object moved in a straight line and then disappeared from sight in a northwesterly direction. The chief stated that the object had a steady glow and was seen for approximately five minutes.

UNCLASSIFIED