There is no photograph present on the page. Now, I will proceed with the OCR of the text found in this document:

---

Buffalo 16, N. Y.

Comment Invited!

SPACE-CRAFT LANDING IN CANADA

("interplanetary sabotage with whole planets as the stake is a new concept and one which I feel will grow. So too, with the chain reacting of mineral and metal stock while still in the ground. The nuclear physics has been carefully checked by an authority. Tha facts, and my own speculative thinking about them are quite in line with material given us by G.L. and lately published in Round Robin. I hope the BSR will again scoop the power-and-pelf simians on this." )      - ESS.

This landing is said to have occurred about 5:00 p.m. of July 2, 1954, and was witnessed by a young Canadian miner, Emnio la Sarza, 23, born in Italy. It is the first incident of the kind reported in Canada.

The landing, according to this rather well-authenticated story, took place on the extensive properties of a big Canadian nickel mining company, located at Garson, five miles from Sudbury, Ontario, about 310 miles north of Toronto. This, be it noted, is about 150 miles from Canada's Flying Saucer Research Observatory. I am indebted for details to BSR Assoc. Elder Charles Beck, a Buffalo, N. Y. minister who travels considerably, uses 'saucer' material in his radio broadcasts, and has had various interviews with Washington authorities on this subject.

Immediately after hearing the account of the incident, Elder Beck went to Canada (July 9) and had a four-hour interview with La Sarza. In this he had the fine cooperation of Michael Bolton, reporter for the Sudbury Daily Star. Elder Beck, as is his custom, took his tape recorder along and obtained a taped recorded interview with Ennio. However, right after the talk, Ennio became so disturbed about how the recording might be in violation of certain promises he had made to the authorities, police, RCAF, etc., that he begged to have the recording wiped out. Elder Beck courteously complied in the Holy's presence.

Elder Beck and reporter Bolton then retired to the Daily Star offices, and between them put the story on tape from memory. On the evening of July 11 this tape was broadcast from a Buffalo station, with supplementary comments by Elder Beck. I, in turn, made a recording of the story, which corrects some errors in the press reports and gives the facts as far as they can be ascertained by careful investigation.

La Sarza was busy with a painting job, on the Nickel mine premises, when he noted with surprise an object hurtling down from the skies with "several times the speed of a jet plane". He thought it would crash, but it slowed down and ended by hovering just above the ground. No one else seemed to be around at the time, a pattern that seems to prevail in most alleged saucer landings and contacts. Quite possibly the saucer people see to it that complications do not set in from too many persons being on hand at such times.

---