There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
possibility of searchlights. They were definite in their response that these could not possibly have been searchlights because there was absolutely no beam and because of manner of disappearance of the objects. They also said that the sky was perfectly clear.
The one thing reported by Mr. [...] that is completely different from any of the other observers is this: He states that when the objects were disappearing, that their color was red. When asked how red, he said "about as red as Mars." This is quite surprising, and I am wondering how much value we should place upon this observation. No other observers reported any color changes in the objects.
[...] said that these objects were apparently about the same size as a pea held at arm's length. At no time did any of the observers in any of the places visited say that these objects resembled stars. That is, they were described as definite, round or oval shapes. Incidentally, the moon was just before new, so at midnight it had not yet risen.
[...] gave us the address of an observer in Woodbury, a suburb of Camden. There is a 12 mile distance between the Marlton and Woodbury points of observation.

In Woodbury runs a real estate establishment, and when Capt. Hanson and I came in, she was all ready to sell us a 50,000 dollar house. She was quite impressed that we were investigating the incident, especially in view of her own opinions and emotions on the subject. She had just finished Adamski's book, and the previous night she had made a wish "to see a flying saucer." Her son, about 25 and quite an intelligent boy, was observing too, and his objective observations for his mother were quite illuminating, being so slightly at variance from the Marlton evidence in two respects. First, she said there were "Numerous objects" - at least more than two, perhaps a dozen or so. Secondly, she stated that the main object, an "enormous, as big as the moon" silvery sphere, was circled by "waves of light," rectangular and white, like sea swells.

UNCLASSIFIED