The image does not contain any photograph, only text.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

traveling from west to east. He stopped his car to observe the object, which he said was silent. He said the object was definitely
10:20 I watched what seemed to be a bright variegated meteor drop vertically in the northwest sky. Possibly an equarid, whose source is in the S.
W. square of Pegasus.
10:25 (Time approx.) I phoned Control Tower, Lunken Airport to relate the sighting. Control Tower and Larry Herron, admitting sighting the object flying southwest." Later learned that Bening saw nothing.
10:20- Herb Clark relates: Larry Thomas and himself observed jets
10:30 circling in area on three different occasions.
1st group: 2 jets traveled from South to North while one flew in opposite direction.
2nd group: 2 jets circled at 360 degree's angle.
3rd group: 1 jet, solo, flew S. W. to N. E.
10:45 I witnessed flight of two jets directly overhead, one flying behind the other due North.
10:50 Herb Clark, in car, arrived at my house. Much impressed by his hovering disc sighting.
11:05- Clark and I observed two more flights of jets flying in dual formation.
11:10
11:10 Clark phoned Dr. Gough of the Ground Observers Corps:
11:15 I phoned City Editor of Cincinnati Enquirer. He was unaware of
UFO and jet activity.
11:30- Clark and I drove to highest point of Indian Hill, 825 ft. elevation,
12:00 or more. Saw no jet activity. Clark witnessed a meteor. Observer
served two transport planes in flight near Lunken airport.
12:15 on our way home, heard in vicinity.
EVALUATION: The testimony of 10 people verifies the fact that a UFO plus jets were
in eastern portion of Cincinnati, May 5, 1954. Although meteors were to be expected, the peculiar hovering and flight characteristics of the object, especially its right angle turns, all conventional explanations seemed inadequate, besides a flying silent red object about the same time also was positive that what they saw was not meteors. All parties agree that the hovering object was a solid and intelligently controlled craft. As to the possibility of the identification of the witnessed aerial phenomena is a controversial point, as the analysis of reports by disinterested sighters and the correlation of time proves the UFO's existence, its solidity and its intelligent control.

R. H. Strinkfield