There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text of the document has been extracted and is provided below:

About a mile on past (north) the restaurant I saw a car come over a rise. The car had intentionally pulled slightly off the road, and there was a dark 'thing' of some kind about half way up in the distance of the car - it just came up out of the ground suddenly. The car had stopped and as it got past the 'thing' about fifty (50) feet, then the 'thing' or whatever it was disappeared back into the ground.

A couple of seconds later this array light disappeared (that seemed natural enough), but about the same time I noticed a dark bar like shadow in the air about two thirds the size of the car. This disappeared to the ground but was not solid. Then about fifteen (15) seconds there was another flash (lR) and then it disappeared. Again it was pacing the car. I noticed it but it only registered.

All of a sudden I became aware that the shadow had changed from a bar or solid shape to an oval shape as though it had moved rapidly from a position in front of my west headlight diagonally across in front of my car. The two cars were probably about three hundred (300) feet apart at this time. It also appeared to be rising slightly.

About this time I saw a picture of the 'thing' that I had seen first being reflected by my car. The shape was changing from oval to a fuller circle and I remember the thought flashed through my mind why the windows a big inside diameter might have something doing this. The color was grey-white, and the rotating motion was very distinct. There (Blank) that the object was rotating slightly clockwise (or possibly counterclockwise).

When the two cars were maybe a hundred fifty (150) feet apart the thing suddenly zipped at terrific speed directly at my windshield. It came right up from about the hood, it seemed, and passed over the roof. It was glowing and much more solid than a picnic plate. I ducked and swerved the car to the right. As I ducked it seemed to change course and I believe it went off to the right (east) at an angle of about seventy-five (75) or eighty (80) degrees to the path. I do not know if it did not go over the top of the car, or to the right side at the window level.

My impression is that when pacing the other car its diameter was nearly as wide as the car itself. When it began to accelerate it tipped this axis, but in the opposite manner from a helicopter getting down in brilliant sunlight. It appeared to change to a brilliant rectangle. This brilliant object lost contact with the ground when it changed course and missed me. (Again I want to say that this brilliant white color may have been a reflection at close range from a very white surface).