There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text describing a UFO sighting report.

Transcription of the text:

UNCLASSIFIED
6 March 1954

Statement of A. D. D. , Harrisburg, Penna.

1. Captain D. reported that he and Harris inspected (combined facility) to watch a curious light wander across the sky, suspected to be an I.C.B.M. This operation is reported under the Civil Aeronautics Administration Facilities, No. 50.

2. On 2 March 1954, at approximately ten minutes after ten P.M. I received a call on the inter-phone from the Middletown Air Traffic Control Center. They reported to me that strange lights were visible in the sky from the tower and wished me to go out and take a look. I went out to the tower and looked for the strange lights, but was unable to see anything unusual. I told them this over the inter-phone.

3. Upon hanging up the inter-phone I looked out the tower window and directly to the south, over the distant hills, I observed the following: A single light, half (1/2) the size of the moon, bright yellowish-white in color, appeared to be hovering and pulsating. This light was at an estimated altitude of about 3,000 feet and about 3/4 mile distant from the tower.

4. I watched this light for several minutes. They were of the opinion that it was a meteorological balloon. They were very close to the object and were able to make a careful observation. At times they appeared to be an elongated shape, at other observations they seemed to be circular in outline.

5. I requested an explanation of this incident. I was advised that the lights had the outline of a dirigible or blimp, but they had no markings or running lights to indicate a normal aircraft. This was an unidentified aerial object, about 200 feet in length.

6. The weather on this occasion was clear and they had an excellent view from the tower. They advised that they had no knowledge of any Navy blimp or other lighter-than-air craft in this area. While there is a Navy Blimp Control Tower at Harrisburg, they advised there were no lighter-than-air craft of any kind in this area.

After these lights were out of view, our Towers Middletown Control Tower advised that they had lost these lights. They appeared to have landed or departed.

UNCLASSIFIED