There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. The image shows a scanned page of text from a Project Blue Book report.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

FLT. 2-4, 14C263 AJ33

have been the object. Preparing Officer interviewed three of these individuals who claim to have seen objects. All individuals are only observers, according to the report, no actual physical contact has been made. Length of time object has been viewed varies between 15 minutes and 3 hours, but the total time on any one occasion has been a period of sighting in the month of JANUARY, 1954. Regular observation of these objects has been made at intervals of approximately 1 week, and indicate continued interest and activity in the area.

THE JANUARY 3 FIRST SIGHTING was observed by two individuals, CLIFFORD R. GRIFFIN and W.A. OLSON. GRIFFIN described the objects as round, white and pearlescent, with a tail similar to a shooting star. At times it appeared to change color from white to red. The objects were observed traveling at a rapid rate of speed, apparently under intelligent control. The sighting lasted about 15 minutes.

THE JANUARY 10 SIGHTING was observed only by GRIFFIN, who sighted one object this date. The object was round, white and pearlescent, traveling at a rapid rate of speed. This sighting lasted about 10 minutes.

THE JANUARY 18 SIGHTING was observed by GRIFFIN, OLSON, and a third individual, MALE JR/OW/W. The objects were round, white, and pearlescent, traveling at a rapid rate of speed and appeared to change color from white to red. This sighting lasted about 15 minutes.

No physical trace of the object(s) was observed either before, during or after the sighting. Observation of the objects was made under clear weather conditions. 

ADDITIONAL ACTION: The Preparing Officer interviewed other sources in order to determine whether these sighted objects could have been conventional aircraft or other similar objects. Contact was made with the following civilian agencies in order to determine whether these sighted objects could have been conventional aircraft or other similar objects. This includes:

IOWA STATE COLLEGE -- AMES, IOWA:
Dr. Charles Hearth, Physics Dept., NEGATIVE REPORT

DRAKE UNIVERSITY -- DES MOINES, IOWA:
Prof. Philip Rieffh, Astronomy Dept, STATED that which was observed did not appear to be any known aircraft seen in our area at any time. No other comments made.

MANNING: This document contains information deemed to be of national interest of the United States. Disclosure of the contents of this document, in whole or in part, to persons without an official "need to know" is prohibited, except as permitted by the Director of Intelligence. USAF.