This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

PAYING almost daily visits to Campinas and it was suggested that the "silvery
RAIN" fell from a saucer.

WHO was trying to do it now? All that it clear is that I would try to do as much
to try to help, but we all some questions to reason.

Complying with Professor Menes' suggestion, I want to Campinas on September
14, 1965. At that time a joint investigation was organized between the SBEDV
and the Campinas investigators for the purpose of obtaining further data about
this case.

We would broadcast by station P.R.G.9., radio observers at Campinas (individual
names cannot be verified) that we were trying to organize a scientific
investigation of the case and would welcome any information, clipping, or
data about the saucer that had dropped wastry material.

On the same date, that was sent a taped report to Dr. Visvaldo Maffei and
having the whole incident revised for proof seeker. Dentor said everything was
exactly as it had been reported. No further meetings of any kind was held to
discuss the case, and no additional information was obtained since then.

1. Yes. Here are clippings of papers to help my memory, but I don't think I
would remember too much of everything.

2. Does Dr. Visvaldo Maffei exist?

3. I have been unable to locate him. His name is not inscribed in the telephone
directory of Sao Paulo and I was told he is "no longer."

4. In Sao Paulo and I have seen him a few weeks ago. He works here at the
Paulista Laboratories and has a degree in chemistry.

5. Can I get in touch with him?
A: I'm afraid I do not have any current telephone or address information. (I have found no time: no time reply).

6. Who is the lady who saw the material falling from the UAPO?
A: Sorry, I cannot disclose the name of any individuals mentioned in the document. The document indicates she was a resident of Campinas and her husband is an impossible man and she would have a hard time if we asked her about it. It also states that she has lived in Campinas and I think you know her. Can I give you this even today, but I do not want to say her name.

7. So she is unable to sign an affidavit?
A: Yes, I would not want to disclose the name of the individual mentioned in the document who witnessed the material falling from the UAPO. While the document indicates she had the impression that something had flown overhead, I do not feel comfortable identifying her by name.

8. Could someone have thrown the molten material from, let us say, a high window or backyard? No dice. When the molten material became solid, she extended a grab and found it normal.

9. Many neighbors around I thought it was an almost desert place.
A: It was very easy to get in contact with her, for her home is less than 100 meters from the place where this occurred.

10. Where does Mrs. Benedito Gonçalves come in?
A: He is an inhabitant of the 1942 house and possibly met the lady who witnessed the event. The document states he is married and said it had almost destroyed their house, but he was out at the time, at least for him. Since we could not interview the lady at her home on that day, we went to his place instead.