[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: [illegible]
TO: [illegible]
ICS/Intelligence
206th ATF, Force, AIC-239

I. Object Description

a. Size - Estimated at about 100 feet in diameter when directly overhead. Close to the vessel, the object appeared to be a circle of a bright blue light held a time's length in dimension just before it entered the aircraft at 2000 feet by Local Palmerate.

b. Shape - When first sighted by [illegible], the object appeared as a line of blue light. As it approached the sighting position the line of light became more ellipse and as it came directly over the ship it became a circle. (See Diagram 1)

c. Color - The circle was bright blue at the extremity of the diameter, radiating at the inside of the circle. All of the light inside of the circle of light was described it as the same color as a blue moon tube or the color of a burning car jet. Definitely more blue than any other color.

d. Motion - None.

e. Brightness - There were no external projections observable.

f. Sound - There was no sound, nor did the object emit any other sound.

g. Other Characteristics - [illegible]

II. Determination of Source of Object:

a. What attracted attention - The line of blue light.

b. Angle of elevation and azimuth from observer's position when first sighted - A degree or two above the horizon, about 45 miles distant, 180° azimuth from 200 observer's position. (See Diagram 2)

c. At Disappearance - Directly overhead.

d. Maneuvers: Flight Path - The object flew to the observer's position when 320 yards distant and went vertically and disappeared through a cloud layer at 2000 feet.

III. Length of Observation

a. Visual only.

b. Optical Aids - Lens.

c. Ships: Name, registry, position, speed, heading - The Armed Submarine Game was S.S. Doctor Aguero. It was tracked on fix Docent Agrarian Company. Its position was 276021W/1238271656. The vessel was not moving but was hosed by Tug eastbound.

4. Time and Date of Sighting.

Zulu date time group - 1205552 August 1954.

[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED]