There does not appear to be any photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a page of text from what seems to be a UFO report or investigation.

Transcribing the text in the document:

"The trouble with us is that we are too latin. GIRLY is come gout far Bunk rur RALLO CONTROL STATION and talk to them as an F.B.I. would do. I understand that on May 4, 1957 was around with Geri Ain and CHATTERING a very good point was made, She said, Don't she pretty?' Yes. He is pretty and clever too virtuous that you might say he is borne a saint and stuff of course. who is this that is 'Latinaer lousy' to....? I have almost said 'Latinaer lousy to' but these suggestions I have almost come to no conclusion and seem to be very scattered, but are facts that I have almost seen like it is still better. (Comment of the Editor): What a nice dream. STILL A LATINATE
DARIED: THE LATE PART OF JUNE 22 - 28. GIRPO Director Leo Stringfield and his charming wife Edith were in Cincinnati for a week of rest. The Stringfield's son Rick, grandson Ricky and other local GIRPO members, many of whom were introduced to the GIRPO Group and discovered for the first time that their membership were really members too, returned from their visit to the Stringfield home at the conclusion of this period. Issue No. 3 of July 25, 1957 was issued. By the way, Do you like these as ugly as to be indistinct?
THE LONG JOHN PROGRAM 
No man a fellow called now know, please read GET Nava letter - Issue No. 6 and see what is now beginning to happen to contact seers and their followers. It is new and different.
WILLY LEX
Mr. Willy Lex writes letter that was recently published and indicates by Maneuvering and others in the air that he saw nothing that could be mistaken for anything resembling a 'very odd point' (a very good point indeed) or visitors from other planets. He also states that in June 1950 three bright FLUORESCENT objects were observed. That was new and was not even a secret lives for over 2 years. That he deserves lives for that may have impressed some people. I do not think that he is committed himself on anything saying that - who does seize him into the peculiar investigation and his mind goes the round. Perhaps the Government does not explain further himself. the matter speaks for itself and what he can do, so the Government certainly does not go into the exact government. An statement contents that no far science has failed to solve the problem he thought it solved"