Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing a detailed textual description of a UFO sighting incident in Toms River, New Jersey.

UNCLASSIFIED
pinpoints them very close to Tuckertooe.  
In Marlton we visited Mr. & Mrs. ------. Photos taken of their points of observation are shown in Figures 5 and F. Mr.------- was driving home from Camden when he noticed streaks of light going past his windshield. His ten-agers saw them with him and they both noticed the objects at about the same time. They kept on driving, and after about 5 miles, when they reached their home, they could still see the things so they got out of the car and watched them from in front of the house. Mrs.------- was ill, but finally they persuaded her to come out and see the lights, which did for a few minutes. The neighbors all not observe these objects. They saw six of them, in two groups of three. Each set would be doing different antics at different times, but the main maneuver was, as described at Toms River, that one of the three would remain stationary and the other two would circle around it. Mrs.------- said the circling motion was always to one direction, but she couldn't remember whether it was clockwise or counter-clockwise. The objects would change positions and one of the circling ones would take a turn at hovering. There was no definite frequency to this circling, no uniformity of motion or rhythmic pattern. The observers agreed that the circling objects moved around "pretty fast" and probably circled in not more than 2 to 3 seconds. As Figure P shows, after maneuvering in the limited area dotted in by --------, the objects sped off directly south, covering the 500 degrees in a matter of one to two seconds and getting smaller and fainter as they disappeared. As will be seen by the photograph, these things were at a very low elevation, being seen behind some trees. In general, the evidence does not differ from the information received in Toms River. That is, that the objects were round or slightly oval, they had no tail or trail, the edges were fuzzy but the total shape of the objects were well defined.

UNCLASSIFIED