The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report about the Sylacauga, Alabama UFO incident that occurred in 1954.

Text transcription from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

"numerous astronomers state in books on the subject that no one ever has been struck
of billions which strike the earth's atmosphere each day.

"Most of them are tiny particles of sand-like material, remnants of lost
worlds that exploded cons ago and swarm around the sun like bats.

"Some are in regular orbits and when the earth passes through these meteor
orbits more stay than normally-

"Only rarely does one last more than an instant of a second before being
burned to a crisp by earth's atmosphere.

"The burning of the meteors is caused by their tremendous speed as they come
into contact with the earth's atmosphere.

"Meteors generally start burning at about 100 miles up and burn out before
they hit the ground. If one is large enough to survive the miles of air it crosses, an 8 pound
meteor hit a cane field and exploded in a manner similar to one which blew up over
Sylacauga.

"The pieces then drift down over wide areas, hitting the ground at only
moderate speeds because the air resistance slows them down.

"The fact that the Sylacauga meteor exploded at a tremendous height is substantiated by the fact that the explosion was seen from three states.

"It was seen at Phenix City and a wild report started there that the meteor
was a flying saucer and that a woman saw a man get out of it.

"Guardsmen went out in planes, jeeps, ambulances and helicopters trying to
find the object.

"But Guardsmen were unable to find anything, even though they scoured the
area.

"The bright flash across the sky was reported simultaneously at Atlanta, 
Newnan and Columbus, Ga., several parts of Alabama, and as far west as Greenville, Ala.

"In Atlanta, the Air Force and State Patrol received several reports of a 
probable plane crash near Sylviana, 40 miles southeast of Atlanta. Two patrol cars
searched the area for two hours before calling off the search.

UNCLASSIFIED