The image does not contain any photographs; it is a page from a document. 

Here is the text output from the document:

---
File: 21-J-386 - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT - observed North of Staten
Island, New York, on 14 June 1954 at 0130 hours.

UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS

AT NEW YORK, NEW YORK

1. On 14 June 1954 at approximately 1800 hours an individual who
identified himself as Mr. Torsi, telephonically advised Special Agent
Great Staten Island, New York, that he, at the time, Duty Agent at Headquarters 2d District OSI, that he on 14 June 1954, had observed an unidentified flying object on 14
June 1954 and furnished the following information relative thereto:

a). Description of the object:
   Shape - round
   Size compared to known object: as a ball approximately
   two (2) inches in diameter would appear if held 15 to 20 feet away.
   Color - basically white, however, blending into reddish
   tones around the outer circumference.
   Number - Only one (1).

   Magnifiable features or details: None
   Tail, trail, or exhaust etc - None
   Sound - None, however immediately after UOBS vanished, a
   sound of what might have been an aircraft was heard coming from the opposite
   direction.

b). Other pertinent or unusual features - immediately after
UFOB vanished, the western sky lit up as if by "heat lightning", however no
sound of lightning was heard.

c). Departure and course of object:
   What first called attention of observer to object its
   appearance.
   Angle of elevation when first observed - Observer tilted
   head up 30 to 35 degrees to observe object.
   Angle of elevation when object disappeared - Same
   Description of flight path and maneuvers of object - Object
   moved horizontally from right to left making a shallow upward then de-
   scending to its original height. Total approximate horizontal movement 15
   degrees. Observer stated that the object's vertical movement was approxi-
   mately the same in length as its horizontal movement.
   Manner of disappearance - Suddenly
   Length of time in sight - 2-3 seconds.

d). Manner of observation:
   Round - Visual
   No optical aids
   n/a

---
