There does not appear to be a photograph in this document. The image shows a typed report from the Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects (C.R.I.F.O.) organization, dated October 11, 1956.

The text in the document is as follows:

C.R.I.F.O.
Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects
October 11, 1956

Captain O. T. Gregory
A.A.I.C. Resident AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Gregory,

I enjoyed talking with M/Sgt. Oliver Hill during his visit to my home, October 12th. He was indeed patient, understanding and courteous. I regret that he witnessed presentations (at the DASC) which didn't allow me more time to show him the endless material re: UFO's, which I have on file, but perhaps this opportunity will present itself at a later date.

Discussed only briefly my collection of notes, etc., re: "little men" which I prefer to call "monitors" -- and the little creatures contra my do not so far humanoid. When M/Sgt. Hill was here, I could not locate the drawings I made on the occasion. I had hoped to show them and indicate a few interesting made jointly by the witness and myself to furnish all the details gathered during my interviews with the witnesses. I

Of interest to M/Sgt. Hill was the metal specimens I had. I promised him that I would forward any pertinent information concerning the metallic composition because the jumbled notes that follow were concerning copies from numerous letters which described the history and preliminary analysis of the metal.

I first learned of the metal's discovery by phone. The caller was the I who sent me a letter, from which I quote in part: "First, the object was found in an old abandoned mine several years ago. The nearest man-made machinery was some 1500 yards away. The object was noticed because of its brilliance against the normal background of the gravel pit."

Date of a letter from which I am quoting is April 2, 1955. Thus, eight months prior to the above date is August 5, 1954. Location of find near Lafayette, Indiana (NOT CINCINNATI, as I later noticed that Sgt. Hill will continue to quote from my material).

This object is 34" high by 4" long by 23" wide--these are rough figures because of the shape of the object. The object seems to be composed of small pieces of metal fused together by some unknown process, yet it is (not) possible to see any evidence of a joint. The metal has not gain any tarnish or discoloration by using a hack saw. The object was checked by a General Electric metallurgist and he states that it is not a meteor. Also, Dr. who saw anything similar in his experience stated that it can not a meteor."