The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page does not contain any photographs, but rather handwritten text on a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write a concise description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, observations, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observer's description in a systematic way, and use additional paper if they are needed.

It was about 10 AM Thursday morning that I went in the cattle yard to exercise a sick cow. As I was talking to the hired hand I suddenly looked up and saw an object in the sky about 2 miles away. At first I thought it was an airplane, but soon realized that it was moving too fast and at the same time was not making any noise. I watched it in the sky for about 2 or 3 minutes, and as it came closer I could see that it was flat on the bottom and round on top, and seemed to be about 50 feet in diameter. The color was a metallic grayish-white and it was moving at a tremendous speed, about 700 to 800 miles an hour I would estimate. It passed directly overhead at about 2000 feet altitude, and then as suddenly as it appeared it disappeared from sight, going off in a northerly direction. I have observed many airplanes in the sky, and this was certainly not an airplane, as it was moving much too fast and made no motor noise at all. I am at a loss to explain what this object could have been, and I would be interested in any information your office could give me about similar sightings.