The image provided appears to be a scanned page from an old document. There are no photographs present on this page, just typed and handwritten text. Here is the text as requested:

---

October 1954    Cherry Valley, New York                     no Case     (Information Only)     Source: Satellite 1 Jun 57 (Richard Hall)

[Header: SATELLITE Overexposed photo of the word SATELLITE on a dark background]

[Section on the left side of the document]

SNC-NEWSP REFERS DIED
Cherry Valley, N.Y.
October, 1954

"The time was about 4:00 P. M. and the sky was very clear viewed with streaks or layers of clouds, with blue sky between. In the trajectory of the sun which was about half way up the sky in a fairly upright direction, and having been an airplane spotter for a long time, I saw formed this disc, quite naturally, or looking at the sky.

It happened to be looking at the West in the direction of distant buildings, perhaps in a 75-mile distant and also some orange rust-colored roof glasses some seventy feet buildings. It was quite low...I saw something that in less than a minute away over the horizon, and everything was always it was. It was very large and tripped the places, not everything was a known airplane, and as it was very interesting...I had seen only a few hundred feet above the ground, but was over 300 ft., it did not seem more than that, it was moving normally, very much in the normal size to match more than indicated half believed to...away...so near, and then I could not see any wings or tail or fuselage generally, it seemed to be a large disc or long-shaped object, and in comparison with the objects below I estimated it to be perhaps 75 or 100 feet at least, in size. I had no occasion then to "block", but I saw how somebody gave the indication and I did not 'see' the 'nearer airplanes, the objects. It was moving like a wheel rolling, wheel and not rotating. In magnitude, if presented an elliptical appearance such a body could not object, which you viewed from an angle, the degree of ellipticity varying as it came up and passed me.

I must have seen it for 20 seconds or a little more. Then at it steady end carefully presented the appearance of a new and distinct shape of 5 or 6 slight slight color was grey and I think perhaps a little darker (Cont. on P.6) [remainder of text on this page is not intelligible]

[Section on the right side of the document]

"[North ???], Conn.) on the rear edge, not much but enough to take off the edge sharp-ly defined. Suddenly it stopped and seemed to go going to a direct motion, but at that angle it was just over my head, still in an upright direction. There was nothing at all to indicate what it was rotating...The sudden stop understood to be an engineer, because any motion reacted on occasion requires a no target or body the application of a very considerable force, more severe in some instances than (and a new) could very near, near trimmed I had ever come to be...

[the remainder of the text on this section of the document is not intelligible]

---

Please note that due to the quality of the scan and the format of the text, there may be inaccuracies or incomplete sections in the transcription. Additionally, certain words and sections are illegible or cut off in the image provided.