There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

Silver Rain in Brazil

One of the most publicized substances to be identified in this wey was the "silver rain" that allegedly fell from an unidentified flying object. The incident occurred on December 13, 1954, in the city of Campinas and the witness was a housewife, but, as in many UFO incidents, exactly what happened is not easy to find out [1]. UFO publications in England, New Zealand, and the United States revealed that the sighting had occurred at night, but, in spite of the darkness, the witness had observed the objects in detail. She described three gray-colored, circular flying saucers, each about 15 meters in diameter, which placed a plate rotated continuously and sent out a strong light. Moving steadily and slowly toward formation, the three saucers had performed fantastic acrobatics over the city, apparently unnoticed by the other residents. Suddenly, one of them had popped off and dived low over the roof of the woman's house, lighting up the whole neighborhood with the brilliant glare of its rotating section. Then, going into a high-speed climb, it dropped at her feet a liquid substance that "fell like silver rain." 

According to the more generally accepted and more credible version, the incident had occurred in full daylight. The woman, who was feeding her poultry when the objects appeared, saw them hovering at a short distance from the ground near her feet. Stooping down, she observed a pool of shiny liquid, the silver rain, which solidified within a few seconds, leaving up, she saw three large objects moving rapidly high in the sky and they looked like they were flying saucers.

A reporter on the Campinas Correio Popular, hearing rumors that a fit incident had dropped "strange material" something like "lead," interviewed the woman, collected some fragments that a local chemist for analysis. The newspaper then reported that the stuff was absolutely pure tin - that is, it was unlike any metal known to man. The sample contained no impurities or crystal alloys that are known on earth [1, 78, 79].

Understandably interested in this report, members of the Brazilian Air Force also interviewed the witness and collected some of the fragments she showed them, as well as other fragments that had fallen about the same time in other parts of the city. Laboratory analysis showed the material to be merely silica. Several large airports not far from Campinas might well have had large planes passing overhead at the time.