The image does not contain any photographs, only a typed document that appears to be an "Air Intelligence Information Report". I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects Over Seoul, Korea
DATE: 8 September 1954
REPORT NO.: 

Our local Attitude was very UNUSUAL when a flight of three round (metallic) aircraft paced our AC T-33-A over Seoul Korea at 1725 hrs local time today. 

1. At this time, while at 28,000 ft on instruments, my copilot and I suddenly became aware of three round dark metallic objects approaching from our left front quadrant at a speed seemingly much greater than our own. At first we thought our eyes were playing tricks, but the objects continued to close rapidly on our position.

2. As they approached to within an estimated distance of 3-4 miles, they slowed perceptibly, and assumed a position slightly above and to the left and slightly forward of our aircraft. They then paralleled our course for a distance of approximately 15 miles.

3. The objects appeared to be about 30-40 feet in diameter, dark in color, and smooth surfaced. No protrusions or wings were visible, and there were no visible signs of propulsion. They did not blink, flash or leave any trail. Their flight path was straight and level, not effected by wind or air turbulence. 

4. After following us for several minutes, the three objects suddenly accelerated at a fantastic rate of speed, and in a matter of seconds had completely disappeared from view, leaving us both greatly puzzled as to their origin, identity and true capabilities.

5. I immediately reported the incident to Seoul Control Tower, and obtained permission to land and report this unusual aerial encounter to my commanding officer.  The three objects were seen by my copilot and myself, and their appearance and disappearance was corroborated by the control tower personnel.

6. I am at a loss to explain what these objects could have been. They did not conform to any known type of aircraft, either friendly or hostile. Their silent, swift maneuvers were completely foreign to our conventional concepts of aircraft performance. I can only surmise that they were of some nature never before witnessed by military air crews.

WILLIAM S. NASH
1st Lt, USAF
Pilot, 35th Fighter-Bomber Squadron