No photographs are present in the image you've provided.

Here is the OCR text output from the document:

---

No. Case (Information Only) DI 11 October 1954 Clindannest > | 
Source: Stvingfield 

Se[e 'Em?--Saucers Cover City 

Several Disc Objects Reported Over Cincinnati; 
Little Men Leave Craft in Germany, Says Here 

Mysterious aircraft . . . “orange-red col- 
ored, silent, disc-shaped and 60 feet in diam- 
eter,'' were reported hovering 300 feet over Cin- 
cinnati Monday, 

This was the fifth report within a week of 
similar objects seen around the city, always 
traveling in sets of three.

A similar wave of other parts of the world, 
cropped up in five other parts of the world, 
including Germany, Belgium, Egypt, Argentina, 
Lebanon and the French Cameroons.

LATEST DISCS ENCOUNTER Monday a- 
5 a.m. by W.W. Davis and Keith Windell at 
St. le reported the incident to Leonard H. 
Stringfield, 7017 Britton Avenue, MainShate 
Place, director of Civilian Aeroneplitten 
rary flying objects. He said the current reports
"seem to indicate a pattern” in the flight of the
sauceries.

One of Stringfield's neighbors, John H. 
Sundstrom, 7010 Britton Avenue, spotted a
formation of three discs Sunday at 5 p.m.

STRINGFIELD SAID Cincinnati is sup-
posed to be a magnetic fault line, and that pet-
haps the saucers come here to recharge.

In Meunster, Germany, 42-year-old movie
projectionist Hans "More said newers keep a 
DACHAUS SES a flying saucer has landed in 
field and peculiarly shaped creatures get out.

Hope said he noticed a bright blue light 
and thought at first it mim from a crashed
airplane. On closer examination, he declared,
he discovered a "cigar-shaped" craft hovering
about six feet above the ground and giving off
a brilliant blue radiance which nearly blinded
him, 

Then, the movie projectionists added, he
suddenly sighted four creatures about three and 
one-half feet in height. He said they had 
thick-set bodies, oversized hips and delicate 
legs" and wore rubber-like clothing.

T.L. CINCINNATI POST

Date 10-11-54
Edition Final

Section News Pg s - 
