There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a typed document with a handwritten title "San Juan, Puerto Rico June 4th, 1954."

Col. Radford P. Schumm,
H.Q. 7221st Strategic Reconnaissance Wing, Ramey A.F.B., Aguadilla, P.R.

Dear Sir:
The following is my story on what I saw on June 2nd:
Originally I started on a trip with my family from San Juan to Sabana Grande via Ponce and Guayanilla. 
We were driving along the road to the town of Guayanilla when I detected something in the sky which seemed to be the moon. I glanced again for I thought the disappearance I had seen was the moon. To make sure I stopped the car I was driving and as I confirmed the "moon" was moving. Therefore I made sure I stopped the car and informed the others including my father and my sister who were riding in the back seat. They also acknowledged the phenomenon. They saw the object coming from a northeasterly direction towards a southwesterly direction. 
As we continued our course like a sailing ship from side to side and at a very slow speed. It was silvery, luminous, and we would occasionally lose sight of it, then we would see it again. As we left the mountains and arrived in the valley, the object seemingly was coming from the direction of the mountains. As soon as I realized the "moon" was moving I continued our trip but always watching the "moon" thru the trees. The "saucer" was illuminated in the dark and seemed to be dark in the center, and at the rear it was dark and so the rear of the moving object. The color of the lights was reddish or orange. Whereas I guess the height was 4 or 5,000 may be more than that in ft.
Then the "saucer" left the ground area and came into the sea area as it did a sharp turn of about 90 degrees and again came into the sky area travelling at a good speed, then it moved away with the distance. The farther it got the red blurs of the lights became noticeable and large of course and were seen in the distance. At the distance I could see it was increasing in altitude and speed.