There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a typed report describing a UFO sighting that occurred on October 13, 1954 near Festus, Missouri.

Project Blue Book UNIDENTIFIED Object REPORT
Sighted on 13 October 1954 at approximately 2010 (during the Perry Como Show) about 13 miles south of Festus on the Festus-St. Genevieve highway. 
Weather: Send at about 1800 feet, very bright, rain, visibility unlimited. Almost FULL MOON clearly visible on the light haze.
Wind Direction: West or West Northwest.
Velocity: Wind velocity estimated at about 35 mph. Estimate based on blowing dust and rustling of leaves-not too definite. Wind was about what is normally observed.
Description of Object: Object appeared to be a very flat cylinder or near-cylinder about twelve (12) to fourteen (14) inches in diameter, and one (1) inch thickness. It seemed to hang motionless in the sky, with a slight rocking or oscillation. Could be described as looking a bit like the diameter (the object coming within five (5) or six (6) feet of my windshield) and sure that it was larger than eighteen (18) inches and smaller than twenty-four (24) inches. There is no doubt that it was solid, and opaque. It looked very like a paper plate or white plastic dinner plate in appearance.
Three colors were observed. When first sighted (narrative follows) it was a yellow-white which rapidly dimmed and changed to a brilliant white light. During the second phase it was a brilliant white. When very close and viewed at a two to three inch diameter it appeared to have a distinct cloudy or hazy green color on the underside.
As far as could be observed there was no trail or exhaust, and no discernible sound.
I make no estimate of the speed of the object, but I believe a mathematician could figure this out with reasonable accuracy. I was running about sixty (60) mph and the approaching car must have been going within ten (10) miles plus or minus of that speed. The object was close enough that I had to dim my lights (as we passed) and it seemed to disappear somewhere around 2005.