There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

STATEMENT BY MR. GENERAL SUPPLY
DIVISION. RED FIGHTER ARSENAL
My name is [REDACTED] and I am employed by General Supply Division at present in Building 82. My residence is in Hooks, Texas. North of town. On the 3 June 1954 I saw approximately 1:00 A.M. this morning to take the children to the cellar. A heavy cloud was coming up. I took the children to the cellar and child said it was a red star. I was going to sleep. There I want back to the house and stopped at the house again the noise kept coming I said what was that a cloud come up and said don't know. I did not know what it was behind the cloud shining through the cloud and saw it was a star. As a matter of fact, it came from under the cloud and went up and a white solid sound. And as a matter of fact over my house travelling towards northeast and that light died away from me. It was some two minutes after it disappeared from sight there was an explosion in the direction of the Arsenal, which frightened my wife. I carried her to the cellar and returned to the house to check the time and then. The fan did not stay in any room that time it was 2:37A.M.
Q. Are you familiar with a comet in the sky?
A. I have seen two fall in my life.
Q. Did this object going over your house have a tail similar to a comet?
A. No, it was not exactly a shooting object. It was also had a noise and this comet I saw fall had no noise except for the explosion after they had fallen.
Q. Approximately how high would you say this object appeared to you?
A. As nearly as I can guess, it was higher in the northeast and was lowering. When I first sighted it, it appeared to be approximately 3 or 10 thousand feet high and approaching from underneath the cloud. It was travelling at a rapid speed.
Q. Did this object pass directly over your house?
A. It was the air.
Q. What was the size did she appear to be?
A. As nearly as I could tell from the light, I would say between the size of a star and the size of a dime at arm's length is not very large.
UNCLASSIFIED
754-0634-5