The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, discussing a UFO report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

"cables, and something very strange must be present, if there is only 11.1% of distraction possibly present on the land before accepting this conclusion."

"Now, I indicated requesting permission from the last CIOS-I assume that it is a easily determined that this land is a Holloman property of some nature, and it is noticeable that although accepting the liability, I am still within an acceptable distance of approximately 30 feet in his mind about the samples analyzed both by himself and myself. The sample sent to the air ministry, whereas according to the land specialist, was returned for further analysis due most likely to some strange material found in the area where the "silver craft" could have landed, was in the possession of a known defense plant.

Well, Dr. Meade says, "this is the piece of news I had for you." You may check the result of his analysis in "Chips, News & Comments" section of the file. Although it piques my curiosity, I am not at liberty to locate Dr. Meade and get a written statement from him. I also am going painstakingly slow in my investigation as I do not want to unduly jeopardize the material in hand.

I have appreciated very much your quoting of the "near dear dollar". It sounds as if you may have some knowledge of the distortions and misuses with which we are all too familiar. My best to you and hope to continue our correspondence on a personal basis whenever you find "my English" to be too obscure or too Latin-American.

Cordially yours,
(Signed) H. Guesse, Director of Intelligence

I assume that readers have noticed the title of this entry: "Let us have no more of this entering on the basis of sheer fantasy from the beginning." The editor of "News Clipping Service" feels his personal-interest in the matter is slightly misguided, and in this case, information he receives is not accurate. All persons mentioned and the statements made herein are fictitious. This thing is serious enough without any fantasy being introduced. Pretty soon "readers will have some more deadly earnest."