There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a typed text describing an observation of what seems to be an unidentified flying object (UFO) near Marshfield, Missouri.

INCH. #1 REPT 22-U-2
TELEPHONE

HOOD TIRES AND TUBES        FUEL OILS        BATTERIES AND ACCESSORIES

MARSHFIELD, MISSOURI

On 18 & 19 Sept 22:00 Am on Sept. 22, 1954, myself, and my friend, who is both being the employees of Westover Gas Company in Marshfield, Missouri, were returning home from work.
We had completed a delivery. Approximately 3 miles east of Marshfield, Missouri on what is known as the Scout Camp Pond, we observed far to the west three clouds, or formations of silver objects. They were far enough away or so small that they appeared to be no more than a sliver, like to our eyes. Many of these objects were moving around, and the others seem to merely hover there. I stopped the truck to watch these objects and after about 2 minutes my partner noticed another object at what we guessed to be 500 feet high and about 200 yards 3/4. This object was somewhat like a boomerang in shape with the ex-tension clear across, one side or wing much longer, If the object was as close as we thought I would guess the entire width to be about 3 or 7 feet. This object was very thin in the wing section and the body as well. This object was silent. It appeared to be covered or made of some sort of plastic or very thin material. It revolved very slowly, the entire object revolved, and just before the one wing as it revolved and the wing came around near the sun it seemed to shine through or nearly through because of the thinness of the material, it would seem to be much lighter in color when the sun was hitting it.
The color was of a dark tan with 2 black stripes near the end of the wing or body. After the observed this object for a few minutes it banked a climb without changing its flight characteristics or without gaining any rpm or its wing. After rising so what we thought to 1000 feet or more it seemed to disappear.