The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with text describing various UFO sightings and related information.

Here is the text from the document, as produced by an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

"GIGANTIC SHAPED THING OVER BRAZIL

Very interesting information comes in about a huge luminous cigar-shaped object which was said to have been sighted over Brazil. The report states:
"A report from Manila do Sul, published by "Ultima Hora" on September 5, 1954, describes the sighting of a gigantic cigar-shaped object in the sky over Brazil at about 7:45 p.m. on September 4th. The object, according to the report, was about 6 miles long and emitted a brilliant white light. The object was observed by several persons and moved silently at a very high speed until it disappeared from sight.
It is worth mentioning that reports of similar nature have been coming up for some time and the press in Brazil has been full of accounts describing the sighting of such objects. This recent report seems to be just another in the series of similar happenings.

ASK. MINISTERIE: "I DON'T BELIEVE IT HAPPENED."

Regarding the accounts of 'saucer' apparitions over Brazil, the U.S. Air Attache in Rio de Janeiro, about the incidents said the following: "I don't believe they occurred as they have been reported. There are many more serious things to worry about than flying saucers."

EYE-WITNESSES:

There's an Aeronautical Technological Center near Sao Jose dos Campos, near Rio de Janeiro, where many Brazilian Air Force pilots and technicians are training. It is learned that several of these men, who are highly trained and experienced observers, have sighted such objects on many occasions. These men, who are certainly reliable witnesses, have given detailed descriptions of the objects they have seen.

Even if there are no photographs or other tangible evidence, the cumulative weight of the reports from credible sources should, in my opinion, make the phenomenon worthy of serious study by competent investigators. There are too many details in the reports to dismiss them as pure fancy. The observers have given coherent and temperate accounts of what they have seen. It seems to me that there is a strong case for a detailed investigation of these reports."