The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document describing the "Captain Mantell Incident" that occurred on January 7, 1948. The text is a detailed description of the incident, including the circumstances surrounding the aircraft's loss of consciousness at approximately 25,000 feet, its gradual turn to the left due to torque, and the subsequent spiraling dive that resulted in the disintegration of the aircraft between 10,000 and 20,000 feet. The text also mentions that parts of the aircraft were found scattered over a wide area, and provides information about the aircraft's descent and impact.

CAPTAIN MANTELL INCIDENT
7 January 1948

Consensus is that Captain Mantell lost consciousness at approximately 25000 feet, the P-51 being trimmed for a maximum climb continued to climb gradually leveling out as increasing altitude caused decrease in power. The aircraft began to fly in reasonably level attitude at about 30000 feet. It then began a gradual turn to the left because of torque, slowly increasing degree of bank as nose depressed, finally began a spiraling dive which resulted in excessive speeds causing a gradual disintegration of aircraft which probably began between 10000 and 20000 feet.

Since the canopy lock was in place after crash, it is assumed that Captain Mantell made no attempt to abandon the aircraft, and was unconscious at moment of crash or had died from lack of oxygen before aircraft began the spiraling dive from about 3000 feet.

Parts of the aircraft were found as far as six-tenths (estimated) of a mile from central wreckage. The parts were scattered from North to South. The aircraft came straight down in a horizontal position and landed on the left side. The left wing came off while in the air and landed 100 feet from the central wreckage. The aircraft did not slide forward after contact with the ground. Throttle was set one-fourth open, mixture control in "idle-cut-off", and prop control in "feather increase RPM".