There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
LETT, or 3.14 CAni,- SAT" 63 1.-1 1950, can.lhD. SUBJECT: "UNIDENTIFIED
FLYING OBJECTS".
SIGNAL was received on 9 July 1954 for approximately a 70 minute period and a "reporLr^a was made that this apparent signal was received simultaneously at other points and that they were oscillating in time. Some were estimating the time 30 to 63 second intervals between the oscillating signal. The signal was described as a two-tone whistle or tone resembling an "S" or "Z" shape which was oscillating in frequency and amplitude. 
It was further reported that several planes in the air at the time observed and heard the signals and that ground observers at the site also heard and observed the signals. 
The signals were at such a level that they appeared to be from a nearby source, yet no source could be located. Further it was reported that they were uniform in character and not like ordinary radio signals or electrical interference. It was odd that they were picked up simultaneously at three locations in an area of approximately 50 miles. The report emphasizes there were no known sources for the signals and that they were all of the same character.
According to Captain ..., the objects were observed by the air and ground observers and the signals were recorded. The civilians who witnessed the phenomenon were highly reliable and their observations were made over an extended period of time. For some reason or other the observers were unable to locate the source of these signals.  
It appears that this phenomenon may have some connection with either conventional or unconventional aircraft, but its true nature is not yet known. If the signal source can be located, it would be most helpful in determining the significance of this incident.

UNCLASSIFIED