The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

10 August 1954
SUBJECT:	MARTIN, MARTIN J., 644 62 53, Seaman, U. S. Navy
FROM:	Unidentified Flying Object Report of: About 0200, 29 July 1954
WITNESSED BY:	BROWN, Hilbert James, PNC, USN
General Situation:	As the witness was enroute from Miami, FLORIDA, to Key West, FLORIDA, the
witness spotted three unidentified flying objects.
Details:	(1) Observed from 0300 to 0600 watch and (2) assisting Chief Quartermaster BROWN in
the operation of steering the ship. At approximately 0315, the witness observed three
bright lights in the sky ahead of the ship, moving rapidly. These lights were proceeding
head by the magnetic compass. After such time assisting chief quartermaster BROWN in
the operation of the ship, the witness again observed the objects at 0335. At this
time the objects seemed to be stationary and the witness was able to observe them with
the aid of binoculars in his hand. The witness stated he was able to observe the
bright red and ring of the object, with top watch and binoculars. In his
estimation the object was about 30 degrees above the horizon.
Identification: I cannot find the lighted body on the standard lamps for
a positive identification. As described, the object would conform to the lighter:
heavier than air, approximately 30 degrees above the horizon, moving rapidly, 
quickly took off the standard was and slightly smaller. The
was circular giving the appearance of a ring around the
object as it passed off to the port side. I followed the object
with the binoculars until it disappeared.
Evaluation of Objects: Unidentified by any optical instruments; the object appeared to the naked
eye as a very large, rather more objects, similar
in shape to a saucer but brighter and/or more illuminated throughout.
Know of: This object was moving horizontally, slightly above, but parallel
to the horizon wards a horizontal course. No sound or noise could
be detected. The objects when in a vertical position seemed to oscillate
slightly about its axis in relation to say, faster than a conventional aircraft.
No smoke, trail, or exhaust was visible. No sound or noise could
be detected as it passed off towards the port side.
SIDNEY J. MARTIN
ENCLOSURE: (1)
75-11899