The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing various UFO-related events and observations.

OCR Text:

LR. Mcbane thought that Dr. Visvalda Marcell never existed and that these was a possibility that this was a hoax. According to Mr. Mcbane, he has questioned the witnesses well and concluded that Mr. Cates and Mrs. Yascenio - it has been so far impossible to find Dr. Visvalda Marcel a real personage. 

It has been very difficult to determine to the complete satisfaction of all concerned just what did take place on Dunford Comes and Mrs. Yascenio. It has been far impossible to find dr. Visvalda Marcel a real personage to giving to Dr. Fontes the all-important material. If this fails all we have to offer is an interesting case from Panton Comes. It may take some time, but the case is by no means hopeless.

STATION'S VIEW

Those who have read our last issue are acquainted with the case we call the "A Tribuna" case, described in my code. Two specimens of what appear to be unidentified minerals are located.Perhaps the fact that the area is "hot" according to measurements of radiation, is significant. Mr. Fontes, our consultant, points out that signs of activity, such as scorched earth and fire-balls over that region is "a strong coincidence".

From the correspondence in Vitoria, we have received two clippings from "A Tribuna" of Vitoria newspaper. And here is what the "A Tribuna" printed on August 31:

"According to our correspondent, the inhabitants of the village of Alto Carlos, near the Espírito Santo have been seen flying over the skies of the Espírito Santo this past week. According to the villagers, at daybreak on August 26th a luminous object appeared in the sky and flew over the houses. It disappeared behind the mountains. Although it was an aircraft of some kind, because it disappeared behind the mountain, where there are no airports, the villagers believe that it was a flying disk. Yesterday, August 30th, at around 8 p.m., a light reddish in color flew over the village, coming from the east and disappearing in the west, at a very high speed. The object did not show any kind of navigation lights and moved silently."

On the following day, "A Tribuna" printed this: 

"According to reports received here, on the evening of August 30th, some residents of Cariacica, municipality located near the city of Vitoria, capital of the state of Espírito Santo, claimed to have seen a strange luminous object moving at high speed in the sky. The object was seen at approximately 8 o'clock in the evening, coming from the east and disappearing in the west, in the direction of the city of Vitória. The phenomenon was witnessed by several people, who described the object as a reddish light flowing smoothly and silently through the skies. Some say they heard a whistling sound that may have been produced by the passage of the object. Residents of Cariacica, who are considered serious and reliable people, claim to have seen the strange phenomenon and are convinced that it was not an airplane, since the object moved at a speed far superior to any known aircraft."

NOTE: FROM THE EDITOR'S YOU WILL NOTICE THAT MOST OF THE READERS SEEN OVER THE STATION'S VIEW CONFIRMS THE INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM BRAZIL THAT THERE ARE COMMON GREEN FIRE-BALLS.

Of the strange merciless movement observed in the northeast direction and to the benefits of Dr. Leon Davidson can say that there are several such cases presented here, and this should be seen as an interesting coincidence with Dr. Davidson's conclusions, although on the other hand, the appearance of green fire-balls is a common event in Brazil. They should be analyzed very carefully.