There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
"Seconds and seldom err more than plus or minus 10%. It required about 6 seconds to stop and I observed the object intermittently during this short interval. It had a split rolling motion but never more than 90 degrees. The first counter-clockwise, then the reverse. Under our making the first loop and the second counter-clockwise, the reverse, and back similarly around It seemed that the side presented to view had four undulations resembling steps. I do not underistand [sic] the significance but believe they were there. No details as to whet really gave the impression of the rolling motion. During the span of the first 6 seconds, speed of the object was approximately linear lively, being 6 to 8 times its own diameter per second. and also increased its speed and by the time it reached the secob d loop (seconds 1-12). The speed of the object, it seemed that the side presented to view had four undulations resembling steps. I do not understand [sic] the significance but believe they were there. No details as to what really gave the impression of the rolling motion. During the span of the first 6 seconds, speed of the object was approximately linear lively, being 6 to 8 times its own diameter per second. and also increased its speed and by the time it reached the second loop (seconds 1-12) its speed had increased to approximately 20 to 30 times its own diameter per second and also maintained the edge-wise view. The object disappeared over a mound, clearing it first-observed size, and during the fleeting glimpse I had of the top-up-bottom, there was possibly a projection somewhat resembling a cabin or control section. I consider this observation at this time of day made such an observation of little value. After seeing the object loops at seconds 1-12, I spent some time increasing still further both transversely and receding, and was convinced that this was a completely unfamiliar object. There was no information that I could obtain that would be strictly determined because of the lack of incoming traffic while observation was in progress.

CONCLUSIONS
"For what they may be worth, this reporter submits the following conclusions regarding the above observation:
"First, occupants of the object decided to ascend to heights beyond visibility when their presence was being observed. It is likely that other factors, such as radar are established, and there may have been other reasons for their mode of departure as there was no work[ing] on the Camp Crowder reservation.
"Second, means of propulsion of the object was some form of power not generally known, probably would, because of the sudden acceleration and terrific speed developed."