There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---

So-craft b

The ground or grass, Ennio said, looked scorched underneath under neath where the space craft was poised, but mining officials did not permit the Elder and others to inspect the spot. The 'saucer', Ennio re- lated, was spherical in shape, about 25 feet in diameter, and had a set of protuberances or a circular crown around it. There were rudiments of a landing gear and something like a retractable antenna on top.

Three strange beings emerged from this craft. They were about 15 ft. tall, greenish-blue in color, and the face was a color or combination he had never seen before. Their bodies seemed to glow, and they had a single eye in the center of what passed for a forehead. The beings had six sets of evenly distributed arms and/or hairy legs. The hands were equipped with crablike claws which opened and closed spasmodically. They also were equipped with a natural, twin antenna in the head.

One of the beings started to come toward Ennio, who turned and ran. However, the being sent a sort of hypnotic stare after Ennio that 'froze' him in his tracks, and then spoke to him in a voice that seemed to ad ‑ dress him inside of his head (teleopathy?). The being sternly requested or ordered Ennio to perform some task, the nature of which he has stout ly refused to divulge, even to officialdom. He was emphatic that he would 'rather die' than do what they asked him to do. Anyhow, he passed out from the fright and strain of the orderal, and when he came to, the space craft was gone. He became, subsequently, so terrified over what 'they' had asked or ordered him to do, and the possible consequences from either compliance or refusal, that he has seriously considered the authorities to lock him up in jail as a safety measure. This, in view ‑ of what we know of space-being science, would avail him little.

Because the present nearness of Mars has been so publicized, Ennio was automatically cited as saying that the space craft was from Mars. However, he denies any such statement, and made it clear that he could neither know nor guess where 'they' came from. Careful questioning by the Elder brought out these additional facts. That Ennio had never heard of Adamski , Bethurum, Angelucci et al of 'Saucerdom'. Nor does he read scientifiction. He had not seen any of the current 'space movies'. These facts eliminate most of the source material for a spurious story. In fact, he did not seem to understand what Elder Back meant by the term saucers, except in relation to coffee cups 

There were, of course, the usual hints, especially by officialdom, ‑ as to the question of Ennio's sanity. In fact, in some manner it came about that one or more psychiatrists came from Toronto to quiz Ennio about his experience. Although the mining officials seemed to take a dim view of Ennio's story, this is not abnormal as such matters go. It may be due to the usual official reluctance in the face of the unusual or unknown; fear of unfavorable publicity for their company — or it may have been a cover-up pose in behalf of secrecy, 'security' etc. Certainly, if they really felt there was nothing to it, they would not have refused to let outside investigators inspect the allegedly scorched landing site.

As far as Elder Back and the reporter could ascertain, La Sarza is

---