The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document, likely an old report or document from Project Blue Book.

Dear Mr.
Your letter dated November     , 1954, relative to a report of an unidentified flying object seen in the skies near Union City, Indiana on October 8, 1954, has been received. 

The report you submitted indicates that at approximately 6:50 p.m. on the date mentioned, you and several other persons observed a strange object maneuvering in the sky. According to your account, this object appeared to be elongated in shape and changed color from bright white to bright red at times. You state that it remained in view for approximately 15 minutes.

An analysis of this report indicates that the object sighted was most likely a meteor or some other known astronomical phenomenon. Meteors are often observed to change color and speed as they pass through the atmosphere, and the duration you mention is consistent with the typical appearance of a meteor. While the maneuvering you describe is not usual meteor behavior, it is possible that atmospheric conditions or other factors could have influenced the apparent motion of the object.

Unfortunately, the lack of any corroborating reports or physical evidence makes it impossible to conclusively identify the object you saw. As you know, the Air Force has investigated numerous reports of unidentified flying objects over the years, but the great majority have been found to be natural or man-made phenomena that can be explained. In those few cases where the source of the sighting could not be determined, there was simply insufficient information to make a positive identification.

I appreciate your taking the time to report this sighting. Even though we are unable to provide a definitive explanation, your report has been made a part of the official records of Project Blue Book. Should any additional information become available that might shed light on this particular incident, I will be sure to inform you.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature]

Chief, Project Blue Book
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio