The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

Source: World of Flying Saucers (H)M'

A similar fall of angel hair occurred in the United States on October 22, 1953 near a school in Marysville, Ohio. At afternoon recess the pupils of the Jerome Elementary School noticed a strangely bright object in the sky. Many children saw the object disappear and then reappear several times, accompanied by a shower or rain of fluffy, cottony-like stuff, which children and teachers stretched and pulled into a tiny ball, but which suddenly disintegrated to nothing and left no trace. The material, very fine and soft, could be stretched and pulled into a tiny ball, but quickly disintegrated to nothing and left no trace. 
The stuff clung to grass and cars, draped the telephone wires for a distance of about 200 yards, and was gone like a misty, cloudy cover the road.
Unfortunately, none of the material was preserved and no analysis was possible. Chemical analyses were reported to show the material to be a form of silicate, and the stuff might have been a waste product from some stratospheric disturbance far up, as the weather at the time was perfect, a warm autumn day with a sunny, cloudless sky. Both the time and the 'weather' were fall for migrating spiders to take to the air. Most likely the 'angel hair' consisted of gossamer threads dropped by spiders on their daily parachutes, and then dispersed the same way. 
Many falls of 'angel hair' that occur in the warmer days of Indian summer are probably due to be the same phenomenon. It is significant that of fourteen such incidents reported in Europe and the United States, all but three took place in October and November, the season of spider migration (91).

"Saucer" Trailing "Angel's Hair" Seen In Ohio

MARYSVILLE, O., May l. -- Some 80 children at the Jerome Elementary school here have reported a rain strange material from the sky in incidents during the past two weeks.
Mrs. George Ditmer, a teacher, said that on one occasion the children gathered the material, which resembled cotton, into a ball. She said the substance disappeared after a short while, without leaving any residue.
Warren and Mrs. Ditmer said the strange substance was floating in the air "like angel's hair" and drifted down to the ground. They said the stuff would disappear when an attempt was made to pick it up.
Warrick said the substance appeared to be webbed strands of some silky material coming from high, thin clouds. Both he and Mrs. Ditmer said the material was unlike anything they had seen before.