The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed transcript or report from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

about his and Professor Manly's findings. CPYD got Professor Manly's version of Professor Manly's findings. Professor Manly said that although the case of the "Houston saucer" was classified as "Insufficient data to evaluate," the data was insufficient because of the very sketchy nature of the witnesses' observational story, to be judged or evaluated as describing a "flying saucer."  
CPYD quotes Professor Manly's comments as follows:
"15. HOUSTON, TEXAS (25 July, 1952) (The case in referred should have been July 25, 1952, not September 25, 1952. The investigative work was completed on September 25, 1952)
"People and told them everything," requesting them "to keep quiet" for a while. That is, the people were told not to talk about what they had observed.
"is possible to get information and then be prevented from making it public that is, prevented from writing it up or giving it out to other people."
"as possible and it seems to me that this case has in it something that merits public attention. That we got hold of last year and which I've been trying to do something about but which has, I feel, been suppressed."
"on an already completed subject. Just before my departure from Washington I had reviewed a case with Commanding General Samford and talked with him about his findings. At the time I was pretty sure that the case of the 'Houston saucer' was being suppressed..." 
"that I had found among his papers. At the time I was pretty sure that the case of the 'Houston saucer' was being suppressed."
"No, I'm not confident about that a great many of these are not cases of flying saucers." 
"Just looking at the two bits and pieces I can't say that "yes, they look like flying saucers" and I can't say that "no, they don't look like flying saucers," but they seem to me to be rather more in the nature of a 'natural phenomenon."
"So one may call a 'Professor Manly' over the phone and told him what was going on without any indication of having been cut out, we all listened. When we got Professor Manly on the line over the phone he said that he had given the two halves of some addressing material. 
The information and material given to Professor Manly was from the same source that had been analyzed by Dr. Mares. The lab work about the "saucer" had been done by Dr. Mares and when I saw him he told me it was being analyzed by Dr. Manly.  

The last word about the "saucer" by the end of September, realizing how serious I was about the whole subject he came in and we discussed all the details and he told me that the lady who claimed to recognize the "thing" as a "saucer" was not sure and yet the USAF considered this a valid sighting.  

to him I said that the lady who claimed to recognize the "thing" as a "saucer" was not sure and yet the USAF considered this a valid sighting. He replied that the reason for this was that the lady was a schoolteacher and was used to observing things in the sky. So the USAF used her observation as the basis for saying that this was a "saucer sighting." He said he didn't know why they did this to her and what she answered.

Q: Yes
Q: How many? 
Q: Where they spinning?
Q: What was the attitude of the UFOs?
Q: Did the UFOs drop anything when you were observing them? 
Q: Not when I was looking at them. But I remember I saw something fall from one of them once. It looked like some sort of material (metallic mine) because my house is high and surrounded by high walls. (I remember the lady meant to say "metallic objects" here instead of "metallic mine")