The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document discussing the analysis and publication of data related to UFO reports.

analysis, and some published his complete data. The Ohio Chemist, along with analysis of the 1956 fragment. He did not determine the amount of thc present since this was not determined what elements their were in the sample. The density of the 1956 sample is not known and the complete quantitative and spectrographic analysis apparently are not available.

When a businessman sends a specimen to a commercial chemist for analysis, he expects to receive a specific list of contents. If it is received, well and good; if not, results such as those of the silver-nitrate analysis, plus the statement that the specific qualitative and quantitative analysis cannot be made owing to the small size of the sample, the businessman would very properly refuse to pay.

No information herein should be the measure data available to assert that the 1954 and 1956 fragments had an identical composition, or that they were the same material. It would appear to show only that a silver sample is composed entirely of a certain element such as tin, but if the sample size is very small, the analysis would be inconclusive.

With so few facts available, the actual identity of the silver rain can only be guessed at, but overquick conclusions indicate that it was made right here on earth.

The Problems of Identification and Analysis: The Air Force has a large number of what it considers to be original specimens ... however, some laboratory analyses have densities between 4.45 and 5.03, like the 1956 fragments, indicating the densities are consistent with stainless steel, chromium, nickel, or iron particles. the density of stainless steel is 7.9 per cent and the density of silver is 10.5 per cent. Many showroom soldiers have neither antitarnish nor protective coatings (from 0.5 to 12 per cent) and would indicate a density of 7.8 to 8.0 per cent, which is rather low for silver, but possibly consistent with aluminum, copper, cadmium, or phosphorus.

The scientifically experienced investigator, of course, would probably pointed out to the editor of the UFO Bulletin that the use of the word "prove" for the conclusions of the scientific investigation of these phenomena was premature, and that the need for complete analysis before drawing any conclusions. The editor, not familiar with scientific limitations, responded with the phrase, "It shows the need for a complete analysis."

"What more is necessary to convince so severe and thick-headed persons as Dr. _'s would be necessary a statement in conjunction with some highly worldly-considered scientific evidence". Would be necessary a statement in conjunction from Boston University, signed by the Loyal Professor, of course, that the phenomenon could not possibly be a UFO landing on his private garden? [1]