There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
Jet Pilots Solve Mystery of ‘Thing’

Flying saucer experts admit “something’s up,” David Dickey writes. Page Cl.

The sky yesterday afternoon produced a “mystery” which excited people in Knoxville, out in the county, in Barbourville, Ky.; and even as far away as Louisville, till the Air Force apparently solved it.

It was described by Knoxville observers as an almost rectangular white object, with irregular ridges. “Looked like it was right over Standard Knitting Mills,” said L. G. Gross, 103 Jefferson Ave., who viewed it through binoculars with two neighbors.

Fliers in two jet planes saw the object and flew to investigate.

Game Fans See Object

“It was a balloon,” said LI. Melvin Bowers and LI. Mark Shuder, after they landed back at McGhee Tyson Air Base.

“We flew it at about 36,000 feet and got under it. It was still some distance above us. Probably sent up by some distant weather bureau and drifted in here on an upper air current.”

Knoxville Weather Bureau reported it sent up a weather balloon yesterday morning, but it burst. No other was sent up yesterday by the local station.

Hundreds of fans at the Tennessee-Florida football game saw the object northeast of Shields-Watkins Stadium. Also observed was a moving vapor trail, apparently from one of jet interceptor planes.

Mrs. George A. Caldwell, of near Strawberry Plains, said she saw the object about 4.15 p.m. “It looked real big,” she said.  Looked ‘Lighted Up’

Another observer reported at 5:45 p.m. that the object was visible between Fountain City and Hall’s, and looked “lighted up.” At a great height it was probable that a balloon could have reflected light from the setting sun, although sunset was officially at 5:30 p.m. at ground level.

At Tazewell, Claiborne County Sheriff Dan Chumley said he watched the object, which appeared like “a real bright light ball, larger than my two fists.”

He said that after dark it proved to be a red star. “I never would have believed it,” he said. Sightings were reported as far east of Knoxville as Newport.

“I saw something that looked like a neon light,” said Jefferson County Sheriff John R. Coffey, Dandridge. “I watched it with my field glasses till night came, and it looked like a glass ball through the glasses.” Kingston Highway Patrol said it received no calls about the “saucer” but observed a very bright star in the east.

Traveling Slowly South

J. S. Werner, News-Sentinel correspondent in Barbourville, reported a “bright, shiny object appeared high over that city about 1:30. It was traveling very slowly south towards Knoxville.” In Louisville, Associated Press reported, “a shiny object, recorded officially as unidentified, caught the stare of thousands late Friday afternoon. Motorist in two Central Kentucky counties reported seeing an object like a meteor glowing green or blue Friday night.

FROM: THE KNOXVILLE NEWS — SENTINEL 11/14/54
```