The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article from The Commercial Appeal in Memphis, Tennessee, dated September 22, 1954. The article discusses the discovery of a "strange object" that may be a portion of a data balloon from the U.S. Air Force. The article provides details about the object and the investigation by U.S. Engineers.

Text from the document:

Wednesday A. M. 22 Sept 1954
THE COMMERCIAL APPEAL, MEMPHIS.
Strange Object
May Be Portion
Of Data Balloon

SARDIS, Miss., Sept. 21 - (AP) -
Engineers opened an investigation here Tuesday to determine the identity of a strange object which plummeted from the skies into Sardis Lake several months ago.
U. S. Engineer Jack Stewart, chief of dam and reservoir at Sardis, announced that U.S. engineers recovered the object from the lake when receding waters in the huge reservoir left it exposed to view.
Stewart said engineers have not been able to determine the identity of the strange object which fell into the lake. A fisherman discovered the object some months ago.
Mr. Stewart said the recovered article, which was taken to the Sardis field engineers office, was about 10 plastic tubes 30 inches long and 1 inch in diameter, fastened together by a cross-hatch of wires. He said the tubes contained radio tubes and wires. "It seemed to be some kind of scientific instrument or device," he said.
Capt. Virgil Kuns, assistant flying safety officer at Greenville air base, said the object might have come from Greenville, though he couldn't be certain. He said the air force was not conducting any kind of test or experiment in this area at the time the object fell into the lake. 
"We don't have any idea as to the identity of the unidentified object," Dr. Stewart said. "We can't tell whether it came from Greenville or some other point." He said the air force has been advised of the discovery and that they may wish to make a further investigation of it.