The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a series of diagrams illustrating the object's size and movement in relation to the moon. The text below the diagrams provides an explanation of the incident and case, indicating that this is part of a Project Blue Book document.

As an OCR system, I will now produce the full text found in the document:

C-22, Rockford, Ill. .. 9/5/54) As they had done on many occasions, amateur astronomers, Peter Barkus and Theodore Kolim, were watching the moon through a telescope. Between the hours of 10:35 and 11:15 P.M., Barkus observed the moon illuminated, but suddenly a dark object appeared to cross the moon. I observed this strange object through my 6" cassigranion reflector telescope using a secondary mirror. The total focal length for this setup is over 150 and with the use of 150 and 120 power oculars we got tremendous power with the least loss of light. The moon was in a first quarter and its diameter was 25 feet, 6 inches to the observer. Whatever the object was, it was not glowing or brilliant, but seemed more like a dull reflected light of a planet. Its size we estimated at about the diameter of crater Plato. As it crossed the northern or Vlaco. At the time it disappeared at 11:15, it had travelled more than the 29' diameter of the moon in about 40 minutes. We checked our possiblity of meteoric disturbance, and the movement remained steady, not following a true orbit. It was definitely in space, and in the same field as the moon, or near the moon.

The drawings below are Theodore McGown's. They illustrate the object's size and movement in relation to the moon. McGown through calculus, estimated the object to be 1,500 ft. in diameter.

Editor's Note: This incident and Case 14 transcends any notion that "saucer" vehicles are confined to earth's atmosphere; therefore U.S. or Russian origin. Unless these governments are secretly conducting interplanetary travel, the only logical conclusion is that "saucers" are extra-terrestrial and are using the moon as a hopping-off point.