There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be an excerpt from a document or report containing text only.

Source: DPI
July 1954
Alamosa, Colorado

One such phenomenon, which might easily have been interpreted as a flying saucer, appeared shortly after dark one evening in mid-July 1954, and was described by one of the authors (D.H.M.) of this book in a letter to a friend: "My wife and I were driving to Alamosa, Colorado, on one of the longest, straightest stretches of highway in the United States, commonly referred to as the "Sun-barrel" highway. I had turned over the wheel to her and was settling back for a rest, after a long turn at driving, when I became aware of an unusual driving behavior on her part. First she would step on the gas, then on the brakes again. What is the matter? I asked. 'See that truck ahead?' she replied. 'Every time I try to get ahead of it, it speeds up, and then it slows down when I try to give it a chance to get ahead of me. It's making me nervous.' I peered ahead through the darkness and there, outlined brilliantly with red and white lights, I studied the situation and glanced at the speedometer, which read forty miles per hour. 'Well,' I advised her, 'you certainly ought to be able to pass that dear, the way you usually drive.' And this time she really stepped on the gas, pushing the speed up to sixty, seventy, eighty, and finally eighty-five. And would you believe it, that truck took right out ahead, still holding its estimated three hundred feet clearance, and matched us for every mile of that speed. By this time I was beginning to get an idea. 'Slow down,' I said. My wife obliged me by coming to a dead stop, brakes squealing. 'Now see there,' she said, 'I just escaped running into that truck.' And the truck had stopped, still you see ahead. At this point I ventured my conclusion: 'That isn't a truck,' I explained. 'It's a flying saucer.' You know, flying saucers on the brain,' she said. Well, to shorten the story, she started the car again and the 'truck' moved off. And we chased it in that fashion for about fifty miles. On rare occasions, as we slipped slightly in a hollow, the 'truck' would seem to dash ahead at speeds close to one hundred miles an hour. Or sometimes it would jump straight up, momentarily vanish, and then drop back into the road."