There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

File No.: 53-(24)-11
DET.ILS: 
1. This investigation was initiated on 30 July 1954 by the District Intelligence Officer (DIO), Second Army. On the telephone, request of Captain WILLIAM H. LESSAUX, District Intelligence Officer (DIO), 6th Naval District, North Charleston, S.C. The DIO advised that his office had received a report of sighting of a flying object over Ocean City, Maryland, on 27 July 1954, and that individuals aboard two fishing vessels had described the object variously as a red ball or a ball of red flame, which entered the water. This witness stated that they observed the object for approximately 15 minutes and that the object climbed vertically and disappeared from view on 24 August. One witness observed the object through binoculars. Some of the witnesses stated that the object traversed the horizon at a very high rate of speed. The area in question is too shallow to permit the operation of a submarine or any larger craft, and it is believed that the object seen were in this vicinity at the time of sighting. The DIO requested OSI to determine whether any known activity could account for subject sighting. 
2. Special agent DWIGHT J. SCOVILL, USAF, interviewed witnesses.
3. On 30 July 1954, D.LT. SCHEPFEL, 1st Lt., U.S.P., A0 2094331, Base Operations, was telephonically contacted after reviewing his records. He advised that there had been no reported loss of aircraft with the LID on 27 July 1954; that a standard firing of an LID rocket on 27 July 1954 produced a crisscrossing pattern of lights which the witnesses had described.
4. On 30 July 1954, Mr.___, Acting Engineer-in-Charge, Pilotless Aircraft Research Station, National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, Wallops Island, Va., was telephonically contacted and stated in effect that on 27 July 1954, his office had received an inquiry fired a 2-1/2" rocket and that rocket motor firing created a bright glow similar to that described by the witnesses. The missile, which has a range of approximately 5500 yards, was fired from the point of launching. This point of launching is approximately 30 miles from the subject sighting. He further advised that during the past three months his organization has not launched any missiles which would have been capable of being observed at the time and place of the subject sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED