The image appears to contain a report on a UFO incident that occurred on 7 January 1943. The report describes a flight of four P-51 aircraft from Marietta Air Base in Georgia to Standiford Field in Louisville, Kentucky, where the flight was contacted by the Godman Field Control Tower and asked to identify an object in the sky. The report states that Captain Mantell, who was leading the flight, attempted to identify the object but was unable to do so. The report further describes Captain Mantell's climb to an altitude of approximately 22,000 feet in an attempt to identify the object, before he was last observed at a maximum climb of 22,500 feet with the aircraft in perfect control. The report indicates that Captain Mantell was heard to say in a ship-to-ship conversation that he would go to 25,000 feet for about ten minutes and then come down, but transmission was garbled and attempts to contact Captain Mantell by radio were unanswered.

Text from the document:

ON UFO "CLASSIC"
SKY HOOK BALLOON
(STATE OF PILOO CRASH)
UFO....)

CAPTAIN INCIDENT
7 January 1943

On 7 January 1943 at approximately 1450-1455, Captain ★★★★★ was
leading a flight of four P-51 aircraft on a flight from Marietta Air Base,
Marietta, Georgia to Standiford Field at Louisville, Kentucky. Nearing
Godman Field, Kentucky, the flight was contacted by the Godman Field
Control Tower and requested to identify an object in the sky if the
mission would permit. Captain Mantell reported that his mission was ferrying
aircraft and that he would attempt to identify the object in the sky. Captain
Mantell began a maximum climb in left spirals until about 14,000 feet and from
there a straight climb at maximum, on a compass heading of approximately
220 degrees. No conversation between Captain Mantell and any member of
his flight revealed a clue as to his intentions. One pilot left the flight
as the climb began, the remaining two discontinued the climb at approximately
22000 feet. When last observed by the wing man, Lt. Clemens, Captain
Mantell was in a maximum climb at 22,500 feet, the aircraft in perfect control.
Captain Mantell was heard to say in ship-to-ship conversation that he would
go to 25,000 feet for about ten minutes and then come down. Transmission was
garbled and attempts to contact Captain Mantell by radio were unanswered.
Lt. Clemens was the only pilot equipped with an oxygen mask. "This flight
had been planned and scheduled as a ferry and navigational trip at low level.