The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document, likely a page from a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"3:30-12:39
9 June 1954 
(UNCLASSIFIED) 
SUBJECT: USAF TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
Capt. Leonard H. Stringfield
Air Force Intelligence Center
Patrick Air Force Base, Florida

1. The following information is the continuation of a previous report made as a result of an investigation conducted in the vicinity of Patrick AFB, Florida, on 8 June 1954.

2. On 8 June 1954, at approximately 1300 hours, this office was notified by the Provost Marshal, Air Force Missile Test Center, that a number of unidentified flying objects were observed traveling at an extremely high rate of speed across the sky. An immediate check revealed that this observation coincided approximately with an inbound missile schedule from the missile range at that time. Investigation was instituted at once.

3. On 9 June 1954, as a result of this investigation, the following additional information was obtained:

a. Capt. Leonard H. Stringfield, OSI, stated that on 8 June 1954, they had reported this incident to the FBI at their Jacksonville, Florida, office. The FBI advised that they were looking into the Atlantic Ocean case as a result of previous reports concerning the sighting of unidentified flying objects in that area. The number of witnesses was estimated to be over two hundred, and the intensity of the sighting was considered by all present as a flashlight-type beam, but considerably brighter. The light appeared to be moving in a northerly direction near the coast of Florida. The witnesses consist of officers, key administrative personnel and technical experts of the Missile Test Center, all of whom are thoroughly trained in missile identification and electronic warfare.

b. The witnesses were questioned individually and each gave a consistent account of what he had observed. Their reactions, both physical and psychological, were similar, indicating an intensity of observation which cannot be easily discredited. After an approximate 10 minute display, the light or lights faded from view. The witnesses stated that the intensity of the light varied and differed from the intensity and color of the automobile and aircraft signal lights in the vicinity.

c. One of the witnesses, a Capt. Stanton, advised that at one point, the object or objects which were observed appeared to be accompanied by a smaller object traveling at a high rate of speed. Capt. Stanton stated that the smaller object appeared on the left side of the main object and traveled at a very high rate of speed in a horizontal direction for a short distance, then disappeared from view. The main object then continued on in a northerly direction until it was no longer visible."