This document page does not contain any photographs.

---

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

1. - Description of Observations

a. Time of Observation and maneuvers of objects prior to sighting the observer, the 
basis for calling other persons to view the object, and for observers finally reporting to 
headquarters. 

0013 - Sgt. JACKSON sighted the object to be about the size of a palm hand held at arms length.

b. Color of the object resembled the glare of strong sunlight on polished aluminum.

c. One object was sighted:

d. Negative

e. Negative

f. Negative

g. Negative

h. Negative

2. Description of course of object

a. The initial sighting was made at the base telephone central switch located at the 
top floor of the KENPOO tower. Observers, including SFC (...) and PFC (...), called the 
object to the attention of upper base telephone station, who in turn located it from 
some buildings. Two other personnel observed the object and then phoned in the 
Control Tower.

b. The object was at approximately a 50 degree angle of elevation and 
at 175 degrees azimuth to the observers, when first observed.

c. The object was at approximately a 50 degree angle of elevation and at 
180 degrees azimuth to the observers upon disappearance.

d. The object moved in a westerly direction with a minimum of approximately 
175 degrees to 180 degrees, with no apparent change in elevation.

e. The object was obscured by clouds which were at 12,000 feet, seven-
tenths broken.

f. The object was observed for approximately eleven (11) to thirteen (13) 
minutes.

3. Manner of observation:

a. Object was observed by ground visual means 

b. Both control tower operators observed the object at 0557Z through 
0610Z for a 50 point binocular view. Numerous others observed the object, 
including T/Sgt. THEOFANOS who latterly describes its appearance as having a shape 
less bright than a piece resembling the glare of a strong sunlight 
on polished aluminum. THEOFANOS observed the object disappearing behind 
the gradual bank of blue sky.

UNCLASSIFIED