This document does not contain a photograph. Here is the text from the document:

---
H - 2 -        FRANCE
                       Oct. 8, 1954

NEW UFO'S DESCRIBED AS 'SOUP TUREENS'

Paris, AFP, Radioteletype in French to the Americas, Oct. 7, 1954, 0439 GMT--:

(Text)

Paris--The appearance of mysterious objects, varying now from the classical "saucers" to "cigars" and "soup-tureens," is continuing in France's skies.

A Dordogne farmer saw "Martians" again yesterday. According to him, they were two normal men, of European type, dressed in khaki overalls. They came down from an object which had landed in the vicinity, approached the farmer and shook his hand, asking him: "Paris-Nord?" "Avew by stupidaction, the farmer was unable to answer. The two strangers stroked his dog and boarded their engine. They lighted up some kind of electrical lighting," and the apparatus flew away rapidly and noiselessly, without smoke or sparks, at a dizzy speed. Owing to fog and semi-darkness, the witness was unable to observe exactly, and gave the following description: "The object had the trunk of a big cart, and the front of an oval copper-tureen streamlined to the front."

Three inhabitants saw a luminous globe which seemed to swing at about 50 centimeters from the ground. The globe turned red and then blue and flew up vertically and rapidly. A similar globe was seen near La Rochelle.

In the Biarritz area, several persons have seen at different hours mysterious round and oval objects, which were leaving luminous trails in the sky.

On the golden coast, a young woman asserted that she saw an unknown object sending forth an orange light, landing near her house. Alerted neighbors ascertained later that earth lumps had been thrown around within a radius of 1½ meters at the place where the object had landed.

An Isere farmer saw a "Huge flying orange section." He said that its top was luminous and a little later I saw it divide along its length into three smaller sections, which gradually disappeared."

An inhabitant of Lower Seine saw an object "in the form of a luminous bundle, which changed into a ball before disappearing."

Finally, an engineer of Seine and Marne sent a letter to a local newspaper, stating that he had seen "a big disc, from 8 to 10 meters in diameter, which was rotating on a certain spot, while sending out red and purple lights. The object was about 500 meters in height and gliding over me for more than 20 minutes."

---