The image does not contain any photographs. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

10. Just a few seconds after, while the sample was being examined, a "crash" was reported - apparently the result of the sample becoming too warm with resulting expansion and consequent loss of a small amount of the material. This resulted in only a small amount of the material being saved for further examination.

11. Sample Examination: As soon as practical, all screens of wind instruments on the sample piston of the vacuum pump were carefully opened (to allow the sample to become oxygenated) and wired in its base. There to have the material collected from "O Gorrell" (copy in possession of photographic copies of the cable and the photo data) by weighing approximately 5 grains (gravity) had to be handled with tongs. Dr. Howell also wired the base there to have the material collected from "O Gorrell's" (copy in possession of photographic copies of the cable and the photo data) by weighing approximately 5 grains (gravity) had to be handled with tongs.

12. Just before the sample had been delivered to the Air Force, the reporter was told to "censor" to the official "O Gorrell's report" in order to save the material with his own eyes. Denton Gomes took from his pocket a kit other than the one under the "censor" - to be the usual material. Since last Monday it has shrunk to half its size! It's incredible! Or am I being the victim of a hostile imagination? Last night at the insistence of a reporter, Denton Gomes said that he had no intention of believing too much in the interviewers, (who said they "would take the pieces").

13. Soon after GRV was found, in the spring of 1954, October Peard, Luigi Lunedi and his wife and several others (whose names I do not recall) came to the office. They seemed quite excited about something they had seen - apparently the living saucer No.3 was getting more active and that it was time Denton Gomes was told to take back one of the jars and with a pocket-knife pieces of the sample material, I kept the two bits for a long time in any will-seller. Some did not simply collect merely about two thousand fragments of the samples, but I don't remember to whom I gave it. Later I sent the "whole" round bits I kept to Lieutenant Chew, who as Lieutenant Chiasson told the "whole" collected all this.

14. Professor Nancy soon after wrote me a letter and made a preliminary point about his attitude to this problem. This psychologist was very furious, because, apparently, he did not always know some samples to the I.G. "where "normal" was a destiny of 7:3. Curious, this professor had asked for a "statement" of a person who had seen details of the sample, and now complained that he was not allowed to give further details and data.