The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects.

ATIA:25
SUBJECT: (Unol) Unidentified Flying Object Recovered at Sylacauga, Alabama
TO: Commander
4602d AISS (ADC)
ATTN: Major Czynszki
Ent Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. Reference report AF Form 112, F2-C-UFOB-1, dated 2 December 1954, from the Commanding Officer, 1202d AISS, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, relative to the Sylacauga, Alabama, unidentified flying object which was photographed on 15 December 1954 at the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

2. The object was received at the Air Technical Intelligence Center on 6 December 1954 and forwarded to ATIC:K at 1200 hours 9 December 1954, where it has been loaned to the Smithsonian Institution for additional study.

3. The following is the preliminary analysis of the object by ATIC; the final evaluation is pending the results of the Smithsonian Institute's examination:

a. Meteors and meteorites may be divided roughly into three classes. One class is glassy, compact, and another is largely stony; and another, members of which are frequently called specimens, is composed of dense masses with many cracks or minute cavity-like holes. The material from Sylacauga, Alabama, appears to be an example of the last class, weighing 8 pounds 3 ounces.

b. Explosions of very large meteors are quite frequent. Most meteors are larger than those seen at ground level. On account of the heat generated, the larger meteors moving with high speeds must therefore explode. The Alabama meteorite was much larger than the small part recovered, for it was seen to explode some 50 miles other fragments distributed over a very large area remain to be recovered, and much of it must have fallen as ashes.

c. The average limits of altitude of meteor paths are known. They seldom appear at greater heights than 90 miles, for it is greater heights there is insufficient air to cause one to burn up before getting as low as 40 miles. Only those large meteors which burn up at very great heights are known.