The image shows a document with handwritten text and several marked areas. There's a sketch drawn in the section labeled "20." This sketch represents the motion path of an object, with markings indicating "A" at the beginning and "B" to "C" showing alterations in direction. The sketch resembles a wavy line replicating the described motion.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion path the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path; and show any changes in direction during the course.
\(sketch\)
\(directional labels: "A" to "B" to" C"\)

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what ths real size of the object was in its largest dimension.
\(Answer area\)

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Half-dollar
f. Silver dollar
g. Baseball
h. Grapefruit
i. Basketball
j. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain  
b. Fairly certain  
c. Not very sure  
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? \(Answer: Instantaneously\)

24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like you to imagine that you were to construct the object that you saw, of what type material would you make it? How long would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

\(handwritten response\) 
The same type of material as a B-36. It would be as large as a B-36 is long. It would have a long narrow body with wings swept back. It would be similar to a B-36 but painted \(illegible\) color and smooth all over with no rivets or seams visible when close enough to in. The body was \(illegible\) all the others.

--- 

The response appears unclear due to handwriting and some parts are illegible.