There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book, containing text that describes the details of a reported UFO sighting.

Air Rescue Squadron presently had a helicopter in Sylacauga to obtain the object reported to have fallen in that area, and it was expected to return to Maxwell APB at approximately 1712 hours.

At 1700 hours, 30 November 1954, the late edition of the Alabama Journal, a local newspaper, was screened for publicity concerning the cited reports. The following items were listed from the front page of said newspaper and are quoted verbatim below:

"PILOT REPORTS BLAST 60,000 FEET ABOVE MONTGOMERY"

"A pilot flying over Montgomery early this afternoon reported sighting of an unidentified object over Montgomery, about 60,000 feet up."

"The object exploded about 1:30. The pilot was not identified."

"Meanwhile, a resident of the Cloverland area reported she saw an object, which she described as larger than a housetrailer, disintegrated before it hit the ground."

"Police said they did not have any report of the alleged explosion and the Highway Patrol reported that a search was on in the Sylacauga area for an unidentified object which fell with a splash in an area north of Montgomery and southeast of Birmingham."

"Reports received here 2 times said what appeared to be an explosion was heard high over Sylacauga. An unidentified object fell through the roof of a home and injured a woman."

At 1730 hours, 30 November 1954, R. B. ROBERTS, Captain, 23792A, 48th Air Rescue Squadron, pilot of helicopter referred to previously, returned from Sylacauga, Alabama, and released to Special Agent the object which he had recovered. This object, upon examination, was found to weigh approximately nine (9) pounds, and was of a rock or metallic substance, and was of the general color. ROBERTS advised that he had obtained this object from Mayor EDWARD J. HOWARD and Chief of Police W. P. ASHCRAFT of Sylacauga, Alabama. 

At 1800 hours, 30 November 1954, 1st Lt. GEORGE R. BUFFORD, Flight Service Center, furnished the log book of 43rd Air Rescue Squadron Operations for