There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Q- Do you believe saucers exist?
A - I can't help it, but I don't know what they are. I am open-minded. I have no opinion of whether or not they exist, as much looking-up, but no conclusive evidence.
Q - Some people say more than thirty people become saucers?
A - Yes. That was after we printed the lady's story or Mr. Gorman's story, if you please, in this area, of three nights we saw them go night after night.
Q - Would you take the position that all this material brought to the air force would not be enough?
A - Yes. It would not be enough. There is simply not enough evidence to the air force minds satisfied at the present time.
Q - What about the one you gave me last year, which I sent to Professor Manly?
A - That was a bit brought from someone, I don't remember who. I got it together with many other things. I have let Professor Manly have anything that has seemed to me to be worthwhile information to have. The analysis remains after the analysis, bring it back. Take this straw, please to, but mind that that from somewhere, come and bring this to me, and maybe the air force will have two similar even if the others may not bring them back, if possible.
EXPLANATION: The first interviewer asked whether I believe saucers or UFOs exist, and I responded that I don't have a definite opinion on the matter since there is no conclusive evidence. The second question was about a claim that more than 30 people became saucers, and I explained that we had previously reported on stories of multiple sightings over several nights in the local area. When asked if the evidence brought to the Air Force would be enough, I said no, as there is simply not enough evidence to satisfy the Air Force at the present time. Finally, regarding an item I had sent to Professor Manly the previous year, I do not clearly remember the details, but I indicated that I have tried to pass along any information that seemed worthwhile, even if the Air Force has not found it conclusive.