There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NO CASE, INSUFFICIENT DATA 23 NOV 54, NORWAY

Captain, are yet any girl? the good only 9/1 16
R. REMARKABLE NORWEGIAN LANDING CASE OF 1954 HOW PUBLISHED

In the March, 1957 issue of SKIL magazine (thanks to Theodore V. Hill of Wood-bury, N.J.) their standing (to the signer of this letter) correspondent Oddvar Larsen tells of an extraordinary sighting, which he believes to be authentic. (Incidentally, published in a magazine, this sightseeing L. Larsen later mentions should be the "whole article" according to Larsen.)

Larsen writes directly in English; the article is not a translation.

The date was November 23, 1954--a time just after the first landing wave in France. Near a fjord, southwest of Tonsburg, was a woman and two girls, one of age 16, the other two years coming home from school near some woods, a black object descended rapidly from the sky, knocked over the two togs, and stopped between the girls' heads. The girls then saw the following weird description of it: "It looked like a stone - like a ball, which could have been two meters in diameter, glowing, of a pale yellow color, which could have been made of glass, and it had several bulge on the different part."

When this strange object turned and moved away, the tail went first. That was funny, I thought."

In the snow, those girls discovered a distorted track 25 yards long, presumably made by the craft after the girls had turned their backs on it.

Larsen's writing gives a favorable impression of his good sense, and the evidence he presents clearly supports his contention.

A striking parallel is apparent between the Torino case and the Hemingford, Nebraska, case (recorded in Flying Saucer Review, Vol. II, No. 2): "two men" (seven feet tall) dressed in black, with "big round eyes" (unfortunately, no results principally on the good impression of honesty and sanity given by the witnesses in this case) is found intersecting for which the saucer world is indebted to investigator Dr. J.O. Clark of the Gable Ranch, near Hemingford, Nebraska. For this instance, offers to copy cases from his collection of sightings to send tape with directives about how to get help for your case. (Although his son has seen planting a couple of dollars, has seen up to this time.)