This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet that summarizes the details of an unidentified object sighting that occurred on July 8, 1954 at Fairchild Air Force Base in Washington.

The text of the document is as follows:

"U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the object that you observed. Your may give any additional comments, comments, and add any further information, sketches, or details that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size may be attached.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: JULY 54

Case on duty in Central Tower at 1615 hrs. Pacific; Was advised of object at 1340 hrs. Began to take pictures at 1900 hrs cf shortly after. Object appeared almost directly overhead, was silvery in color, and appeared to be about the size of a star. It remained stationary throughout the afternoon. Spokane Radio advised their first report was by a civilian pilot about 1200 hrs that afternoon. It was over Couer d'Alene for several minutes, and second jet a p-86d at higher altitude and both aircraft advised the object to be at about 60,000 ft. The object was observed through 7 x 50 binoculars and appeared to have a definite saucer-like shape. It is estimate diameter to be 50-60 feet. No exhaust or trail observed. It was observed for some 45 minutes until it moved in the direction of the object described in the note. This may condition at the time was hazy. The object attached to it similar to a weather balloon. The sky conditions at the time were clear with the visibility about ten miles.
Also some of the photographs were taken with a pair of 7 x 50 binoculars affixed to the camera.

NOTE: Film developed, no object visible
on negative. Cheat movement maneuverable
object was reliable." 

This appears to be a technical report from the U.S. Air Force documenting an unidentified aerial object sighting that occurred on July 8, 1954 at Fairchild Air Force Base in Washington.