There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. The text in the document has been transcribed as follows:

LOGAN, UTAH JOL.TED BY VIOLENT EXP1.OSION AND FOLLOWED MYSTERIOUS "STREAK OF LIGHT" IN SKY
The theory of a meteorite crater at Logan, Utah where an explosion was reported by many citizens, is discredited by an investigation of the scene conducted by personnel of the Geology Department of Brigham Young University. These experts have stated that the formation found in a field near Logan, Utah does not represent a crater, nor any evidence of an explosion, but is merely a depression in the ground caused by the caving in of the underlying rock formations of the Salt Lake Tribune formation to the theory advanced by some local newspapers. The experts have stated that they found no evidence whatever to support the early theory of an explosion at that place.

On May 7, 1954 the Tribune reported: "A 'conventional' meteor could not produce the crater found west of here, Sunday, and it was hoped that an analysis of the samples sent to the University of Utah might solve the mystery". But it was later stated that no meteor was found, and that the samples submitted to the University of Utah were of no value in determining the cause of the hole or how it was made.

"The statement, signed by J. Stewart Williams, professor of geology at the University, declares that the 'disturbance' found at Logan does not represent a crater at all, contrary to early newspaper reports, and that the hole was produced by the caving in of underlying rock formations, and not by any violent explosion."

"In the region extending from Clarkston south to Paradise, exhaustive interrogation of numerous persons who saw or heard the explosive phenomenon at sundown on May 7, has been carried out. The views expressed in Logan that the explosion was caused by a meteorite are not supported by the findings at Paradise, where the noise and light phenomena are still unexplained."

"And from the Tribune, May 9: 'Dr. Lincoln La Paz, spent a full day working with Dr. J. Stewart Williams and Dr. Gryde T. Hardy. On his arrival here Monday night, Dr. La Paz said the hole must have been made a 'whopper' of it containing a meteorite. They continued to place a frame around the crater and cover it with wire mesh. Workers will stand on movable planks and work with a pincer-like instrument in this way they will have robbed every place particles might remain.'"

"'My recommendation is that we excavate until we find what made the hole,' said Dr. La Paz, who is credited with recovering the world's largest aerolite."

The incident occurred on May 1 bringing "500 phone calls" to the Logan City Police Department, reported the housewives and TV viewers had their reception was disturbance. A check made later with Hill Air Force Base and Salt Lake City indicated nothing in the area for a missile launch ... A search was made but no crater was found. Sod was found scattered in all directions for more than 100 yards.

On Aug. 31, '54, I wrote Dr. Clyde T. Hardy, geologist who worked on the project, making a number of substantial questions to which he replied on Sept 1, 1954.

"Reference is made to your letter of Aug. 31: The explosion and crater went of Logan. Although a fireball was reported by several people previous to the ground explosion, I am persuentially convinced that they were confusted. One can account for the flash only and he was favorably situated to see all aspects of the occurrence."

(Signed) Clyde T. Hardy
Assoc. Prof., Dept. Geology