The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document titled "DISPOSITION FORM" which discusses the analysis of material allegedly from "Flying Saucers". The text in the document is as follows:

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO.
SUBJECT: (U) Analysis of Material Allegedly From "Flying Saucers"
FROM APOIN-42
TO APOIN-4226
DATE 15 OCT 1956 DOCUMENT NO. 1 CONTROL/RETURN TO APOIN-42996/16
1. In accordance with established ATIC and Air Force policies for the study and evaluation of unidentified aerial objects, request that attached specimens be examined and a report be made to this office.
2. The metallic specimens appear to be a form of iron-nickel-cobalt alloy, which may be of meteoritic origin. The glass containing magnetic particles is of an unusual nature and it cannot be determined whether organic or inorganic composition.
3. Special Investigator, W/Sgt. O.D. Hill, obtained the specimens Saturday afternoon, 15 Oct 1956.
A brief background surrounding these specimens should be of some assistance in initiating a study of the items, and so indicate reasons why this seemingly unusual material was submitted. 
The subject specimens were submitted by an individual who is the head of one of the largest civilian UFO investigation organizations in the country. Certain claims have been made by this self-appointed UFO investigator, and his claims have been repeatedly published in various flying saucer publications.
He has a large following of flying saucer adherents, is editor of two UFO publications, appears to be a close friend of both known and unknown flying saucer writers. This individual has had a considerable amount of publicity through the UFO/SAUCIR medium.
The persons who allegedly found these specimens were a stone quarry in the suburbs of Cincinnati (Norwood-Madeira area.) The specimens are said to have been found in the quarry and small fragments were mailed to this individual in Cincinnati. The investigator was told that it was "air" in the quarry where the specimens were found.
The individual submitting these metallic fragments claimed that he submitted them to the University of Cincinnati for examination, and it was found that they were NOT of meteoric origin.
UNCLASSIFIED