There does not appear to be a photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book report. 

Here is the text output from the document:

On Sunday, March 28, 2:25 p.m., an unidentified object was seen over parts of Eastern Connecticut. The object was described as spherical in shape, and was observed by hundreds of people through the area at the same time. Telephone calls requesting information on the sighting were received by police departments and radio stations.  

The March 29th issue of the Norwich Bulletin had a short account of the sighting, listing the object as resembling a balloon or sphere. The article also said there were other sightings in the area on that date, but no effort was made to actually identify the object.

The following is a resume of several witness reports as given to the author of this article:

Time of Sighting: 2:50 - 3:05 p.m. approximately.
Description: The object was spherical in shape and silver in color. It was observed to be stationary for periods of time and then to move slowly, emitting no sound. The object also appeared to rotate about a vertical axis at times. 
Observations: Round in shape, appeared to have depth, and seemed to be illuminated from within. They say the object appeared to be about 200 yards in diameter, and remained in sight for an estimated 15 minutes.
Movement: The object was in general easterly direction. This did not coincide with wind direction, as observers said the wind was from the north. The object moved slowly at first, then appeared to speed up somewhat. All but one or two observers claimed the movement was in a vertical or circular movement, but movement was in general easterly direction.

Observers felt that the object was too bright to be a balloon - and they felt that the object seemed to be intelligently controlled, as the motion was erratic and purposeful. All observers agreed that the object appeared to be far above normal airplane height. Observers tried to determine altitude by comparing the object to known landmarks, and estimated its height at between 10,000 - 12,000 feet. The object appeared to be approximately 2 feet in diameter when viewed against the sky.

Spectators reported that when the object disappeared, it seemed to blend into the sky - appearing to recede rapidly rather than to vanish. The object was sighted by many observers in the Norwich, Connecticut area at the same time.