There are no photographs on this page of the document.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---
targets 17 miles SW of Carswell AFB, flying in formation at an estimated alti-
tude of 5000 feet and speed of 200 NM. These two targets merged into one
and when 12 miles from Carswell they separated again and followed a souther-
ly heading. At approximately 14 miles from the base, the target to the rear
suddenly reversed its course, flew for two miles, then reversed course again
and gradually overtook the lead target. Both targets departed the capability
of the GCA flying in formation to the SSE.

On the basis of the above information, a call was placed by ATIC to HQ Air
Defense Command and a request was made to have the nearest unit of the 4602d
AISS proceed to Carswell AFB for the purpose of carrying out a complete inves-
tigation of the sightings.

Capt Charles A. Hardin, project monitor for Project Blue Book, and Mr.
████████, radar specialist, departed from ATIC for Carswell AFB to further
the investigation. Upon arrival, a team was formed with 4602d AISS and intel-
ligence personnel at Carswell AFB.

The initial UFO report from Carswell had indicated that there were no
aircraft in the area on the night of the sighting which would meet the UFO
descriptions; however, in the course of a routine recheck, it was discovered
that a C-124 enroute from Travis AFB to Turner AFB had reported in to the
Ft. Worth radio at 2300 and had changed flight plan at that time. The new
flight plan called for a descent from 13,000 to 7000 and the course from Ft.
Worth radio to the east leg of the radio direction beam would carry the plane
very near the Carswell AFB control tower.

The radar track on this sighting as well as the time coincided with the
flight plan of the C-124 and the visual observations. It is, therefore, con-
cluded that it was this C-124 which the control tower personnel reported.

The lack of sound was accounted for by the descent of the C-124 which was
taking place at the time of the sighting together with the under-estimation of
altitude by the reporting personnel.
---