The image contains no photographs, only text. Here is the OCR transcription of the text present in the document:

---

Italian Skeptics Now
Eat Words on Saucers

The Evansville Press, a Scripps-Howard Newspaper, prints the
following account of flying saucers in Italy. It was written by
a former Evansville resident, MRS. JAMES HOGG III. She
lives in Florence, where she is secretary to Bernard Berenson,
art critic and writer. Her husband teaches in an art academy
there.

By MRS. JAMES HOGG 3rd.

The saucers are flying thickly before our trained scientist, Mr.
J. and skeptic around here and many Stefano Ud not try to
save his face. He and his words, boxer dog against the Martians,
but lost the against intimidated, in
We're so annoyed, they've been jected.
proven Florence three days in a clear. While Stefano sought
for new advanced ways to lose to liberate himself from his dog,
seeing them each time.
mysterious men appeared. While train strangers succeeded in
Formations of them meeting the disc and a few min
mere over La Vorro. The next ranch later, with a sound sim
was even more interesting lar to a shrill boat whistle, it
boats all along the Adriatic lifted vertically from the
wyri.ch describes in the ground.”

[The text is partially faded]

space of a half hour, so that
the course and speed could be
mately well plotted.
Thursday night in a little
town in the vicinity of Milan,
around 10 o'clock, a man relax
turning from the movies on his
bike was passing the local
sports field and noticed a high
nox of exceptional intensity, a lu
minous body and nearby two
lasi- small shadows that shuttled
is strange guttural sounds. He
raced back into the town to call
the police at the scene described what
he had seen.
A whole group of people went
back and later described figures
uran with white pants, grey jackets,
elements seemingly not transcend
iple here plastic. . The intense
night of the disc enabled them
not to perceive a form of dark that
see with a notable iridescence, color
reit recalled a little elephant.”
(A training apparatus?)
The description was of a disc
divided into two parts illumined
by a green light “that
jected on the ground on three
resh posts.” The upper part was
by a hemisphere cabin illuminated
by a slimy light so strong as to
envelop the eyes, and on top of
the cabin an antenna. When
finally they were able to force
the gates and approach the
figures, they retreated toward
the disc—all present, followed
with beating hearts none un-
fortunately, was armed but they
they found a box of fruit and threw
it.
Then an “Il Signor Giacomo
...

---