The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a "meteor incident" that occurred on 30 November 1954 in Sylacauga, Alabama. The document provides details about the incident, including the initial observation by many people, the estimated altitude of the object, and the recovery and subsequent examination of a fragment that penetrated a residence. The document also mentions the involvement of an air rescue helicopter and the identification of the object as either a stone meteorite or an earthly periodite.

The text in the document is as follows:

30 NOV 1954 - SYLACAUGA, ALABAMA

METEOR INCIDENT

ATIC Case file and evaluation

SUMMARY:
On 30 November 1954 at approximately 1350 hrs, EST, an object crashed through the roof of the residence of Mrs. [name redacted], Sylacauga, Alabama. The object was slightly injured during the incident.

The object was initially observed by many persons in the three state area of Alabama, Georgia and Mississippi. The object exploded at an estimated altitude of 45,000 to 50,000 ft; the largest and only fragment recovered was that piece which penetrated Mr. [name redacted] residence.

The initial UFO teletype reports are designated as Attachment #1, of this case file.

AF FIELD RECOVERY AND REPORT:
Upon immediate notification of the incident to the Executive Officer at Maxwell AFB, Alabama, an air rescue helicopter (SA-16) piloted by Capt Rodgers was dispatched to Mr. [name redacted]. Capt. Rodgers acquired the object and promised Mrs. [name redacted] to return it after the AF had examined it. Mrs. [name redacted] agreed to the arrangement.

Capt Rodgers returned the object to Maxwell AFB, where Dr. Frederick K. Morris of the Directory of Research Studies Institute tentatively identified the object was either a stone meteorite or an earthly periodite.

On 1 December 1954, members of the 4602nd Air Intelligence Service Pit 2-C arrived at Maxwell and interviewed Col. K.D. Atchley, District Commander, 8th Dist., OSI, Maxwell. After coordination with the Base Commander of Maxwell ...