The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a description of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The text describes the physical characteristics of the observed objects, such as their fuzzy edges, round shape, and size compared to the moon. It also discusses the observations of various people who viewed the objects and their inability to determine the origin or nature of the objects.

The text found in the document is as follows:

fuzzy edges, although the round shape was distinct, and they were a little bit smaller than the moon. That is, they subtended about half a degree of arc. There was not too good agreement on this point. A lot of people said you would have had to hold a silver dollar or even a baseball at arm's length to cover these objects, which is in contradiction to other observers (whom I would consider the better ones) who stated that a dime or even an aspirin tablet would have covered these objects and that they were definitely smaller than the moon. None of the observers throughout the state saw any beams coming up from the ground which would indicate that the objects were searchlight reflections. A couple of the observers said that their first impression had been that these actually were searchlight beams playing around, but that they could see no beam whatsoever, and from the manner in which these objects streaked away into the south west sky, that it would have been impossible for them to have originated from one single point on the ground.

After getting the photo from the police station roof, I took a bus back into New York.

20 February (Saturday morning) I contacted Dr. Hynek in Middletown, Conn., and told him I thought it would be a good idea if this investigation were continued. He agreed with this suggestion and I then called the Aitken at McGuire AFB. He advised me to come down Monday night and put in a full day Tuesday on this case.

23 February, Captain Hanson, the AISS CO at McGuire obtained a staff car and we then drove to Marlton, N. J., which is just SE of Camden. The Marlton observer's name had been obtained through a call to the Tuckerton beacon. This newspaper had carried a story on the incident, but no one in Tuckerton, originally had been aware of the observers.

This is indeed strange, as will later be shown, the fix on these objects UNCLASSIFIED