The image contains no photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED

The following is an extract of a series of UFO sightings observed over various sections of Rome during the period 31 July-20 Sep 54. Reference ATIC 20104.

Austria - 9 Feb 54
Small, gleaming disc-like object, about twice as large as Venus. Observed for 2 minutes. ATIC Eval: Possible balloon.

Finland - 14 Sep 54
Circulating object over Helsinki at night. Flying at 800 meters (alt), it gave off an intense light and left a trail of reddish smoke. Visible for 7 sec. ATIC Eval: Possible meteorite. 

France - 30 Aug 54 - Paris
A Paris resident observed a luminous circular object flying over the city. ATIC Eval: UNKNOWN - Insufficient data.

Somme Department - 1 Sep 54
0715 Lt Col G. and his assistant observed a "flying saucer" at Feuilleres. The object was circular, silvery-white and hovered at about 200 meters from the observers. The object oscillated slowly and seemed to have a closed door on its side. When the men had run about 50 meters toward it, the object began to fly away. Smoke was then visible from a sort of exhaust pipe on the underside. After an oblique flight of about 500 meters, the object rose vertically and disappeared. No sound of the object was found by police. The object did not glow and did not leave any trail. Visible for about 3 minutes. ATIC Eval: UNKNOWN.

Aisne Department - 7 Sep 54
A luminous red orange disc observed by three persons. The disk stopped suddenly 300-400 meters from the ground. It seemed to have an upper side a small luminous tail coming out of the lower part of the object. ATIC Eval: UNKNOWN - Insufficient data.

Italy - 14 Sep 54
Two inhabitants of Pitigliano report sighting of a round, white object making a strange loud noise. The object came to a stand still and then disappeared at high speed. ATIC Eval: UNKNOWN - Insufficient data.

Rome - 17 Sep 54
On the afternoon of 17 Sep 54, the control tower at the Ciampino Air Base observed a mysterious object while a half a cigar flying slowly at an altitude of 1,200 meters. The object, leaving a trail of luminous smoke, was visible for 10 minutes. ATIC Eval: PROBABLE high altitude aircraft.

UNCLASSIFIED