There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be an advertisement for various holiday items such as corsages, mistletoes, cut flowers, and floral designs.

Space Ship (Continued from Page 1)
the low glow of a cloud-hidden moon sealed the thing to be suspended or in flight high above, however, its brightness remained steady and blinding white. "It had been a fire," the lady said, "such intensity would have gone wide-spread once the town would have seen it. But no piling up of fire would have made it shine so solid and steady and motionless as what we saw." The light was dim and quiet. By its huge glow the woman related what was seen: she and her husband witnessed a disc-shaped object hovering above the trees not a great distance away. Remaining motionless, not dipping nor daring to drop, nor altering in size, the brightness suddenly seemed to sink or diminish from within, as though the center had vanished or been extinguished. The light then re-gathered itself and sped away silently under its own power. "When it did come, it got to be so far distant in the sky that it was standing still," the witness remarked. She concluded that at the object's greatest distance it "appeared to be a star," but still she knew that it was not a star when she first saw it so close and brilliant above the trees.

Realizing that water distances are tricky to judge, she judged the thing to have been perhaps half a mile to a mile away, appearing very large, though exactly what its size was cannot be estimated. The brilliance of the light, however, made it impossible to make out any details of its form or structure. 

This time it rose gradually straight up and again disappeared.  A similar sighting about a year ago-identifiable at the time, the woman said, "I never considered those things related to one another before today."

Before that," she said, "I never considered those things really like that before, like a Greenish Ball." She was referring to a sighting some years ago (about 1920 in the evening, when a greenish silver-colored object appeared overhead suddenly, hovering near a beam of light, then zooming off too fast for her to pull off on the driveway she was found. she said the ball-like object might be a reflection, but where would the light come from to make such a reflection? Local residents saw the object too.