The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a scanned document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects.

The text from the document is as follows:

"longer be done. if the members and subscribers wish the organization and publica- tion to continue regularly, rules must be established to do that. their feature - articles and writing of course is not corrected within the next 20 days a.r.r.G. will be discontinued.....
the funds of that we must say is deploring - the saucer book-sales just last year was good; however, i think there's hardly any appreciably funds being made to support the organization. i would advise a group of contributors, each contributing only a small amount be formed, to keep alive this good magazine. there is no fund accumulating and money to support this one serious and growing or- ganization. i would suggest a yearly subscription to be reasonable, such as 3.00 or 3.50, and that would help the printing costs, etc. it could be printed in three different languages and distributed to far foreign countries. it would help all of us and we would be really help solving the mysteries of the flying saucers. if contributors would volunteer without any profit motive, the organization could really be helping advancing our know- ledge. the directors would really be helping without any profit whatsoever, we could continue the bulletin to be sent flying to the world file.

at any rate, it is regrettable that our Bulletin no. 6 is facing a crisis. it is said in any previous letter, it is now our intention to suspend publication, unless strong re- sponse and action is taken star- ting january 1, 1958. "the flying saucer" will be costing more than it is receiving, and the organization will be discontinued. 

this reminds me: starting january 1, 1958 "the flying saucer" will be costing $2.50 for subscribers in the united states, and the members of C.R.I.F.O. $3.50 for member- ship and to receive the magazine. this is due to the terrific rise in printing costs, paper, post- age, etc. many times what it used to be. this means the publication and organization must exist thru your sub- scriptions and voluntary contributions, or else there won't be any continuation. we can get some merchandise and sell it; but it always comes out on the wrong side of the cards, although nominally they are worth much more. the instances n.j.-c. $1.55 and $1.78 are worth it but cost us almost double. see the differences - someone - i don't know who and whose from - has sent me some literature and asked me for the money - twelve months from now the money will be sent back to whoever remitted it.

at last: we will be getting up with the schedule. Bulletin no. 7 will be appearing in august 1957. information of new memberships will be seen by you follows both in europe and in the states.

CENTRO DE PESQUISA DOS DISCOS VOADORES - OBFV - Caixa postal 2449 - S.Paulo, Brazil.

Bulletin No. 7
August 1957.

P.S. - Help NICAP help you. Be a member. Its address is 1536 Connecticut Avenue, Washington 6, D.C.

P.P.S. - When renewing your memberanip subscription, send a $7.50; you will be receiving NICAP's flying saucer magazine you joined to learn in."