The provided image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a typed document from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a "REPORT OF TELEPHONE INTERVIEW WITH RADAR CONTROL OPERATOR" dated 1 July 1954.

The text of the document is as follows:

REPORT OF TELEPHONE INTERVIEW WITH RADAR CONTROL OPERATOR

At approximately 1130 hrs. 1 July 1954, the undersigned airman contacted S/Sgt. MAYNARD HARRIS, 131-48 AACS Det., W-P AFB, relative to the UFO report by 1st Lt. Roe.

At approximately 2130 hrs, 23 June 1954, S/Sgt Harris was contacted by the personnel of the Dayton Municipal Airport Tower. They asked S/Sgt Harris if his radar was working. They then explained that Lt. Roe was now over their tower and had complained of an object which had followed him from Columbus to Dayton. Sgt. Harris was requested to pick up Roe and the object if possible on the scope. Sgt. Harris' position as reported to Sgt. Harris by the Dayton tower was 150 ft. outside the 22 boundary of the Dayton Tower to W-P.

Sgt. Harris stated that when picked Lt. Roe on his scope and quickly, with what information he had, calculated Lt. Roe's position to be on a NE heading. Sgt. Harris admits this was a wrong assumption and upon notification by Lt. Roe of the wrong heading, the Sgt. recalculated and plotted two (2) targets on his scope. One (1) he surmised to be Lt. Roe's F-51, the other, which was first following Lt. Roe and then passed him by, seemed to be an object with a great amount of speed. (Sgt. Harris told the undersigned airman that it could have been a jet or "something else".) Sgt. Harris stated that there was quite a bit of air traffic in the area while he was plotting Lt. Roe's position. Also, the Sgt. stated that the pilots of call number 253 complained of something following him, but when requested to make an identification of the "something" he could see nothing. Sgt. Harris requested the pilot to keep his eyes open for anything unusual. The pilot also requested to see (who were up with the Columbus area) to have a radar check. No positive identification was provided.

ROBERT M. YREELAND
AIRMAN 3/C