The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document related to a UFO sighting in Porto Alegre, Brazil. There is no photograph present in this particular document page.

Transcription of the text in the document:

ATAC 252753
IR-39-55
UNCLASSIFIED

Source, a FAB major who has been close to FAB's investigation of flying saucer sightings, stated that he has for a long time believed in the existence of the reported sightings. During a recent investigation, he spent several hours in a good control tower and witnessed a sight which he considers to be highly intelligent, highly observant, and quite normal. 

The personnel on duty were surprised to see a light appear at a low altitude around prior to take-off and ground observers stated they passed near it when arriving from about halfway in cloud formations.
He stated this was not the first time they had seen such objects, and this particular sighting occurred at Gravital Air Base (Porto Alegre) several days later when 150 FAB personnel were present. The usual reports of erratic maneuvers were made.

During this latter sighting, he placed a group of FAB airmen on one side of a building's foundation to observe...

FAB records show sightings as far back as the early 1800's, which by their descriptions resembled a landing by one of these objects. He described it as being about 50 feet in diameter, or slightly less, and which was retracted for high speed travel.

FAB personnel have reported numerous sightings by Brazilian airline pilots, some of whom claim to have been very close to these objects. These reports confirm the Cruzeiro do Sul farmer's description as to size and construction.

It is hoped that further reports on this subject can be obtained in the interior of Brazil. It is reportedly flying down to take a closer look at the cities and ignite as bright officers. FAB officers are satisfied that the object again took off and disappeared as the usual high rate of speed.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIF ... YEAR(S) LATER

UNCLASSIFIED