The image does not contain a photograph. However, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with text describing a UFO incident.

The text in the document is as follows:

"The following are quotations from a letter of April 13, 1955.

"On February 13th it seems the incident took place. We were told that one of the students had found an object while mowing the lawn, which he later placed on his desk and examined. Later when he and his roommate were examining the object, it suddenly 'got up from the desk and flew around the room, hitting the ceiling and walls. At this time, one of the boys turned on a voltage meter and found the readings to be quite high--indicating a possible source of radioactive energy.' The object was tested and found to be negative. A voltage meter showed a high conductivity; then, a density check registered 'considerable' which, one of them metal experts was sure is 'much heavier than iron.' One of the boys decided to see if he could break off some larger pieces and it is need what will be to you...look a small piece. The welding shops which were tried to held it, red to white hot, didn't melt and didn't change its shape--just turned dark."

"With the numerous samples of the metal on hand, I decided to take them to the University of Cincinnati. Here detailed analysis of the metal is described in the final analysis on the metallic objects. Dr.___ of the University of Cincinnati phone me and explained the results of a spectrographic analysis that would require a larger chunk, they said they found the following elements:"

"50 to 85% of chromium
a high percentage of iron 
manganese
nickel-cobalt
vanadium"

"'Dr. ________ said that the object could safely be called a solidified chromium ingot' which showed by its fusion with other metals to be man-made. However, he was at a loss to explain how or why it was found in a gravel pit which could not produce such a specimen in a natural state...Concluding the analysis, they were of the opinion that the object seemed petrified by its extreme crystallinity. They tested with Geiger Counter at this point they made a comparison test with other metals on hand. Most others showed a higher point of radioactivity than this particular object. In the metallic results it showed a some what lower saturation of radioactivity. All of the analysis was quite negative. The object was subjected to extreme heat, but said the object cooled slowly--thus causing the high degree of crystallinity."

"The following is a quotation from a letter of May 16, 1955: 'This evening, my mother-in-law, Mrs.______, called me from Grand Rapids to state that she has made a go-round the gravel pit where the object was found and that she could not find a trace of any similar metal, or any metal at all. She says that it would be foolish for anyone to carry that original nine or ten pound piece far away. It's a real find, she says it is metallic and a half just like I saw it in the file.'"