The image does not contain a photograph, but rather shows a typed report or document from Project Blue Book dated June 4th, 1954. The text describes the witness's account of seeing two "flying saucers" within a month and provides a detailed description of the observed objects. The report mentions the objects' size, color, and movement, as well as the witness's personal reactions to the sighting. However, the document does not identify any individuals and simply refers to the witness as "Capt. Charles A. Hardin".

June 4th 1954
Air Technical Intelligence Center 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Capt. Charles A. Hardin
Dear Sir:

A few months ago, and after fifty years of life, I suddenly saw two "flying saucers" within a month. I am enclosing my description of these strange machines, after reading your desire to run these reports to earth.

As I suddenly saw the first one riden in the caboose of a freight train, when suddenly I saw the first one appear and soar sharply to the left, and then drop out of sight. I saw it sidewise, and it was colored brilliantly with green, yellow and blue. Before like rainbow hues all around it. As I watched the sight, the best I could tell:

The second was seen a little over a half hour before sunset, and in the same general direction but some five or six miles away. This one appeared to be about fifty feet in diameter or more. The second one was just about the house tops when it first appeared, and had a bluish trail. It travelled horizontally with the earth, as did the other, and after travelling a few seconds, it suddenly disappeared. 

My opinion neither of these displays are probably electrical storms or meteors that break up. I do not know of course, but I close to the ground, and close to the strange, and I am now pretty close to the ground too.

It seems strange that I should see two of them so close together, inasmuch as I have never seen anything unusual all the other fifty years of my life. I hope this information will be of some use to you.

Yours truly,
[Redacted]
OAKLAND 2, CALIF.