This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

PAGE 3 OF 55

On 15 July 1954, the USAF and ARMY Air Defense Units received a strange radar report of unidentified targets appearing and disappearing in the sky over Korea. The targets were reported to be moving at very high speeds. This report is the result of the investigation of this incident.

On 15 July 1954 at 2050/K, a radar station located in Korea detected a number of unidentified targets on their scope. The targets were observed moving at estimated speeds of 600-800 knots at 30,000-50,000 feet altitude. The targets appeared and disappeared at intervals of 5 to 10 seconds, moving in a general northerly direction.

Initially, the radar operators notified the USAF Air Defense Control Center which in turn relayed the information to other radar stations in the vicinity. These other stations also detected the unidentified targets on their scopes and attempted to track them. However, the targets disappeared from the radar screens before any positive identification could be made.

The radar operators stated that the targets did not present the normal radar return of known aircraft. The returns were described as strong, clear and definite. The targets were not accompanied by any visual or electronic countermeasures indications.

The duration of the complete sighting was approximately 10 minutes. During this time, the targets maintained an approximate northerly course and it was estimated that they had covered a distance of 100-150 miles.

The radar operators stated that they have never before observed anything similar to the behavior of these unidentified targets. The targets appeared to be under intelligent control, however, the operators were unable to determine the nature or origin of the phenomena.

UNCLASSIFIED