The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing a report of UFO and jet activity over the Cincinnati area.

REPORT OF U.F.O. AND JET ACTIVITY OVER CINCINNATI AREA
By Leonard H. Stringfield
Director of Civilian Research
Interplanetary Flying Objects
1011 Reyton Avenue
Cincinnati 27, Ohio

DATE: May 5, 1954
WEATHER: Temperature about 40-45 degrees. Sky cloudless, crescent moon. Very little city glow. Stars out, no wind.
8:00 P.M. (Time questionable. Not dark yet.) Standing alone, looking due north from front porch of home, observed two separate pinpoint flashes of deep blue light, intense like an arc welder's torch. Both flashes were about 10 degrees elevation from horizon and about 10 degrees apart. I could not determine any substance behind the flashes and passed them off as optical phenomena.

8:10 P.M. Received the following report by telephone from Mr. Hyman Lesiow, of 1915 Stevens Ave. Mt. Healthy, Ohio:
Mr. Lesiow reports sighting a string of five or six yellow-white lights looking like "pearly sparklers" in the vicinity of Mt. Healthy, Ohio. Although, he claimed, the objects made a "loud throbbing noise", he was positive they were not aircraft. Watching no more than 2 minutes, he said when the lights changed their eastward course to veer north, the lights remained in linear order, showing no swerving or change in speed. One light, he added, seemed to be of larger diameter than the others and was of a "silver dollar held at arm's length, about 2,000 ft. in altitude" and flying about 200-300 mph. Mr. Lesiow emphasized the perfect straight line in which the objects flew, and said it left "trailing objects".

9:50 P.M. Herbert Clark phoned me. From the front of his home on Strathmore Drive he observed a shallow but glowing yellow light (9:45) dissimilar to aircraft signal or navigation lights, moving slowly (2-3 mph) to the SE. W. Others on view for one half minute. Two minutes later two jets appeared on scene coming from south, circling a 360 degree circle of immediate vicinity. The jets, he said, were considerably higher altitude than the light.

9:55 P.M. I phoned the Cincinnati Lunken Airport Control Tower. Operator, Miss Edith Harmon said the tower was unaware of UFO and/or jets in the area.

10:00 P.M. I phoned Herb Clark: Lunken Airport phone call.

10:10 P.M. Herb Clark's wife and Mr. and Mrs. Larry Thomas of same address witnessed a large brilliant, white, ellipsoid, hovering in the northeast sky about 6,500 ft. elevation. The object appeared at about 825 elevation. Size of object compared with a half dollar held at arm's length. It elevated rapidly and moved away at a high rate of speed.