The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED

Captain Hansen learned, through [REDACTED] and the Operations Officer of the 569th Air Defense Group, that [REDACTED] after watching the objects for 5 minutes and being unable to establish their identity, called [REDACTED] in an effort to have some people assembled to the [REDACTED]. The [REDACTED] people contacted thought the incident was "pulling their leg." They had no word from their ACAW on any objects, there was no radar evidence from any source, and they could not scramble any jets unless officially notified to do so.

The fixes are shown on the map. This seems to narrow the objects down to a point centering on Beach Haven, as it is listed off the coast. When this position had been established, Captain Hansen suggested that perhaps the Navy was conducting an operation of some sort out there; doing some landings, some crop work, or whatever, at Little Egg Harbor or Great Bay. He said this had been done in the past, and that the terrain is very good for training exercises of this type. However, he contradicted himself in saying that the incident took place on January 1, and that it was rather unlikely since an exercise would have been scheduled. He declined to contact anyone at Beach Haven itself. He said it was not worth it, getting these people all worked up, and he didn't want to take the chance of getting this into the newspapers. If the fix is correct, it should mean that Beach Haven residents would have seen the objects directly overhead. However, people in Tuckerton, Egg Harbor, and Atlantic City, as far as we have been able to ascertain, made no observations.

From the altitude-azimuth coordinates, and observational data gathered on angles subtended, and angular velocities, Dr. Hynek has found the following minimum values:

Altitude: 5 miles
Slant Range: 7.5 miles 
Speed as within 100 mph: 45-55 mph.

UNCLASSIFIED