The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

1. I am the captain in charge of Box and Lumber Reclamation in the Repair Section of the Quartermaster Depot at Elizabethtown, Pennsylvania. On Sunday evening, 7 March 1954, a civilian-type aircraft crashed within the limits of the Repair Section.

2. On Sunday evening, 7 March 1954, at approximately 7:45 p.m. and a friend of mine, [redacted], were sitting in a staff car in the north parking lot of the depot. We observed an object in the sky in an easterly direction and at an elevation of approximately 30 to 40 degrees.

3. I looked into the sky in an easterly direction and saw a bright object with an orange-reddish glow. This object appeared to be traveling in a northerly direction. It was quite high and moving at a very rapid speed.

4. I would judge that this object was approximately a mile and a half away from our position and at a very high altitude. It was traveling at a speed which I would estimate to be in excess of 1000 miles per hour. To my best knowledge, it could not have been any conventional type aircraft.

5. This object appeared to me to be circular in shape and at times seemed to be oscillating or rotating on its axis. It appeared to be giving off a great deal of light and seemed to be surrounded by a halo of light.

6. As well as I can remember, I had this object in sight for a period of approximately 2 to 3 minutes. It did not descend or change its course during this time. It merely continued on in a northerly direction until it disappeared from sight.

7. My wife and I observe almost daily many aircraft in the air over the depot. I am thoroughly familiar with the appearance of conventional aircraft, both in the day and night. This object was unlike any aircraft I have ever seen before.

8. It appears to be a matter of only a few seconds, after we first observed the object, that it suddenly disappeared from sight, apparently at a terrific speed. There were no lights to be seen, nor any sound heard, as it went out of sight.