The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report.

UNCLASSIFIED
Air Attach∈, Australia

near a Gravel quarry at the Pape, which are two hills about 5 miles west of Mansfield.
On the 8th of January 1954 on the occasion of the gravel pit quarry we were inspecting the proposed sight of a new power line, we had a clear view to the eastwards, and the trees and hows lines looked
the Paper; we had a clear view to the eastwards, and the trees and hoses lines of
the Paper we had a clear view to the eastwards, and the trees and hoses 1 look
very distinct.

At about 9:30 p.m. we heard a faint whirring sound like the wind causes in the
wires in the vicinity. Within a matter of seconds an object dropped into view
from the east at an Angle of about 30 degrees. It appeared to be silver in color,
circular in shape, and about 40-50 feet in diameter. It came down very slowly
and gave off no sound whatsoever. We noticed two small green lights flashing
intermittently on the under side, but no other lights were visible.

For at least 10 minutes we had a full view of the object, which appeared to be
at least 1000 feet up. It departed in the same direction as it came, and ascended
very rapidly, climbing at an angle of about 80 degrees. The object gave off no
sound at any time. The only illumination was from the small green lights, which
their edges together. The whole affair was in bright moonlight, not like a meteor.

After the 10 minutes we heard the drone of a plane and saw previously sighted
lights continuing in the direction of Melbourne. Almost simultaneously the whirring
sound ceased. At no time did we notice any further movement or change in the
object after the initial drop and ascent. When the object was nearest to us it appeared
to be about 3000 feet away. The gaseous lights or luminous seemed smaller than
the actual object. On completion of the sighting we estimated the object at
something like 40-50 feet in diameter, and it was traveling at a terrific speed in the
direction of the plane. On completion of the sighting the object was in view for a
matter of about 15 seconds. The two green lights appeared under the object and
quickly disappeared over the horizon, the object having reached an estimated height
of at least 20,000 feet in the space of possibly 15 seconds. The object had
occupied before leaving to pursue the plane, only a few minutes previously. We
estimated the time to be about 9:45 p.m.

We then decided to leave, and immediately the car lights were turned on, a green
light appeared in the sky, flashed briefly, and from the edge of the sunset, in the
direction of the bright haze. There was a sudden roar at the same time, and the saucer departed
leaving a trails of yellow sparks, at a terrific speed, being lost to sight within seconds.

In discussing the whole matter with my friend, he told me that there had been
previous sightings in Mansfield, and these had been in the vicinity of the power
lines. He also stated that one or two nights prior to our sighting, a bright light
had been seen in the same area, and what appeared to be a "trail of sparks".

I would like to add that the Saucer or object in the case does appear to be of a bright metallic
but from my observation the bright metal exists only as described in this letter.