There is no photograph present on the page.

DISPOSITION FORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION (U an) 

FILE NO.
SUBJECT Record of Telephone Conversation
FROM Officer in Charge
Flight 3-B, 4602d AISS
DATE 16 November 1954 COMMENT NO. 1
TO ATIAE
Lt Athens
  
1. On 15 November 1954 a telephone conversation between 1/Lt Athens, Flight 3-B, 4602d Air Intelligence Service Squadron and Major C. Williams, AF representative, The Armored School, Ft. Knox, Kentucky took place. The following is a general account of the discussion which ensued.

    a. Major Williams stated he had been approached by a Mr. George Hart, a reporter on the Louisville Courier Journal. Mr. Hart was soliciting information regarding an observation of an Unidentified Flying Object made over the city of Louisville, Kentucky on Friday 12 November 1954. Major Williams stated that he had informed Mr. Hart, on direct query by that individual, that the object in question had positively been identified as a high-altitude weather balloon. No further queries were made by Mr. Hart regarding the aforemetioned.
    
    b. The purpose of Major Williams’ call to Flight 3-B was to obtain information regarding the AF policy on the release of information to news media regarding UFOB’s and what his action should be should similar occasions arise in the future.

    Lt Athens informed Major Williams that in those cases where such sightings have been positively identified as known objects, as was the case in question, then it was within Major Williams authority to release such information to any of the news media which may be making inquiries. Major Williams was also informed that only in those cases where such sightings were not identified he was instructed not to release any information, but to inform the individuals making queries that such releases would come from AF sources authorized to give such information. AFR-200-2 was brought to the attention of Major Williams. Aforementioned AFR governs the release of UFOB information as well as affixing responsibility for the investigation thereof,

    c. The above situation is in general the discussion as occured in phone conversation between the individuals stated in par. 1.

(Jonathan Athens signature)
JON T. MATSOU
CAPT., USAF
OIC, FLT 3-B

ATTACHMENT #1

DDFERS 96 REPLACES NM FOR 1 OCT. 4 WHICH MAY BE USED.