There is no photograph present on this page.

The text found in the document is as follows:

```
regarded in his community as a model citizen with a good record. He had and has nothing whatever to gain by bringing down on his head the pitiless glare of publicity - of an unfavorable kind. Ennio told the Elder that he is fully aware of this situation, and that he may be regarded by some as 'crazy', but that he would not and could not retract his story by one iota. He is a great deal more disturbed by what 'they had asked him to do. He impressed the Elder and the reporter as being intelligent and level-headed, even though he is new concerning what the rest of the world knows as 'saucers'.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Further comment
by Assoc. E.S.S.

La Sarca's story is, to me, a fertile ground for some intuitive speculation and questions. First: we do not know whether the description of the space beings represents their real identity, or something they chose to assume upon landing, for reasons of their own. If these were their fixed characteristics, I would say that they represent a very high and advanced order of insect life from one of our planets or even some remote galactic system. In view of Ennio's reactions, their manner of approach etc., it would seen that 'they' or their intentions were not benign. We do have information and reports that not all space-beings are necessarily friendly toward us. Thus, the Guardians may have the double job of guarding us from the folly of our own atomic insanities, as well as hostile space visitors.

Next, what was it 'they' wanted Ennio to do for them? Since he can't or won't tell, let us fall back on some educated guesses or intutuive reasonings. As a starting point, why would the space beings land on the premises of a nickel-mining company? They would they be interested in a young man who has access to the nickel mine workings? What would he be in a position to do for them?

If the laity will bear with me a little, I will address the physicists, whose attention I will call to the periodic table. You will note that nickel has the atomic number 28. Right next to it we find cobalt, atomic number 27. This sets the stage. Now, 26 percent of natural nickel consists of the isotope Nickel-60. If this is bombarded with neutrons, the Ni-60 will burp out a proton, and the nickel is transformed into nothing less than Cobalt-60; this, if I recall right, has a half-life of about five years and is on par with or superior to Radium in terms of radioactive potency. A spoonful of cobalt-60 is the radioactive equal of all the radium ever produced or in existence in the world today. This is why the cobalt bomb is giving the world a case of king-size jitters.

With the above in mind it is conceivable, in terms of space-being science at least, that the nickel in a nickel mine could be chain reacted into Cobalt-60, right in the ground. All it might need would be some simple form of triggering fuse, i.e., a neutron emitter, to start such a reaction. Although this brings to mind some form of radium-beryllium gadget as a neutron generating triggering fuse; this, fortunately, would hardly do the job, because of the large neutron losses in the nickel impurities.
```