The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

17. On 1 December 1954, ATCHLEY and the writer, interviewed Professor FREDERICK H. MORRIS, Geologist, concerning the SYLACAUGA, ALABAMA, REPORT. Mr. MORRIS is Director, Geognostic Institute, concerning the object. After considerable deliberation and examination of the object, Dr. MORRIS advised this office to express a reluctance on the part of the USAF to release this report to Wright-Patterson AFB, which would permit him only a very limited examination of the object. He could definitely it considerably as a matter of secrecy to avoid another demand meteoric or of the object. MORRIS was briefly convinced it 18. On 1 December 1954, JAMES G. PRATT, Colonel, Commander, Maxwell AFB, was briefed on all available pertinent information concerning the object by Special Agent CONLEY, D/1, SPIOI, I/G, Alabama and the writer. PRATT telephonically contacted the Operations Officer, 4602nd AISS, Ent AFB, concerning this information and acknowledged that Headquarters made a decision to not allow the object to leave its present place because of security reasons. This step was taken in view of increasing publicity resulting from numerous and frequent protests made by HOWARD MENGEL (HUGHES) concerning the USA'S withholding the object. It was determined from local newspapers that MENGEL had this data obtained an attorney for the purpose of obtaining the deliverable from the USAF.
19. The following information from the Montgomery Advertiser, a newspaper of Montgomery, Alabama, and from the Birmingham Post-Herald, a Birmingham, Alabama newspaper, both of 1 December 1954, is quoted verbatim below:

"FRAGMENT OF REPORTABLE CRASHES SYLACAUGA HOME

"SYLACAUGA, Ala., Nov. 30 (AP)- A meteorite crashed through the roof of a house here today and slightly injured Mrs. Hewlett Hodges, 32.

"George Swindal, field representative of the U.S. Geological Survey, stated the meteorite, though damaged and identified, it as a saphetic meteorite.

"A mysterious explosion in the Sylacauga area, about 25 miles southeast of Birmingham, set off a three-state search today in which 35 or 20 planes took part. But there were no planes reported missing.

"The explosion was seen as far south as Phenix City, on the Alabama-Georgia border.

"Dr. Walter E. Jones, Alabama state geologist, said evidently a meteor exploded southeastward Alabama, and Mrs. Hodges was hurt by a particle of it."

"Swindal, who is conducting a water survey in Sylacauga, said after he identified the meteorite, it was taken to Maxwell Air Force Base at Montgomery, where the Air Force is required to examine such objects."