The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report from Project Blue Book, discussing an unidentified flying object recovered in Sylacauga, Alabama.

ATIC: 35
SUBJECT: (Uncl) Unidentified Flying Object Recovered at Sylacauga, Alabama

TO: G2 MEMBER
H6024 AISS (ADC)
ATTN: MAJOR CRBULSKI
ENT AIR FORCE BASE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

1. Reference report AF Form 112, F2-C-UFOB-1, dated 2 December 1954, from December 1954 investigation. Two duplicate sets of prints of the Sylacauga, Alabama meteorite/flying object photographed on 6 December 1954 at the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

2. The object was received at the Air Technical Intelligence Center 1000 hours on 6 December 1954 and was forwarded to AFOIN-T at 1200 hours 6 December 1954, where it has been identified to the Smithsonian Institution.

3. The following is the preliminary analysis of the object by the final evaluation as pending the results of the Smithsonian Institute's examination:
a. Meteors and meteorites may be divided roughly into three classes. One class is almost completely opaque, metallic, etc.; another is largely stony; and another, members of which are frequently called siderites, shows evidence of some internal crystalline structure with many cavities (from Alabama) appears to be an aerolite, weighing 8 pounds, 5 ounces.
b. Explosions of very large meteors are quite frequent. Most meteors are found larger than the head of a pin, and these burn up miles above the earth. On account of the heat generated, the larger meteors move with high speeds and therefore explode. The Alabama meteorite was much larger than the smaller part discovered, for it was tom into several smaller pieces on impact.
c. The average limits of altitudes of meteor paths are known. They seldom appear at greater heights than 70 miles, for at greater heights there is insufficient air to cause sufficient friction to heat them to the point of burning. They burn up before getting as low as 40 miles. Only those large enough to withstand the retarding effect of the air throughout their path reach the ground.