The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Chapter V
OUT OF THE SKY: METEORS AND FIREBALLS

About one o'clock in the afternoon on November 30, 1954, a spectacular meteor flared across the southeastern part of the United States and exploded. Many persons in Alabama, Georgia, and Mississippi saw the bright flash high in the sky, followed by a trail of smoke, and heard three violent detonations. Over the town of Sylacauga, Alabama, a nine-pound fragment of the falling meteorite body crashed through the roof of a house, brushed the left arm and hip of the unlucky resident, and came to rest on the floor. Members of the American Meteorites Society collected data from many witnesses and added this light fireball to the official list of observed meteorite falls from which meteorites are recovered [i. p. 138].
UFO addicts, however, apparently regarded both the meteor and its fragments as unnatural phenomena, and a leading exponent of the saucer theory characterized the bright flash as "mysterious," the explosions as both "strange" and "mysterious," the nine-pound fragment as a "shining black object" that was "labeled" a meteorite, and the entire incident as "a queer business" [i, p. 231].
To the astronomer who specializes in the study of meteors the only "queer" aspect of the episode is that saucer publications list so few mysterious UFOs for that particular week when similar spectacular fireballs were almost a commonplace in the southeast states.
On November 29 a meteor flew over Alabama at 5:39 p.m., and about two hours later another with a long tail soared over Florida. On November 30, a few hours after the fall at Sylacauga, another bright fireball dashed over North Carolina, a brilliant that its copper-green light illuminated the interior of cars on the highway; blue-green fire shot out above the treetops, changed to magnesium white, and then slowly faded. Detailed observations of all these appearances in the scientific journal Meteoritics [i, p. 138].