There are two photographs present on the page. These are images of newspaper clippings.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text in the document:

Daily News
Shiny Object At Louisville Unidentified

LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 13. (AP) —Despite efforts of the Air Force and speculation by curious onlookers, that shiny object over Louisville was recorded officially today as "unidentified."
Seemingly motionless at an estimated altitude of 80,000 feet a few degrees northwest from downtown Louisville, the silvery object caught the stares of thousands of persons yesterday from about 3 p.m. to 5 p.m.
A jet fighter plane from Wright-Patterson Air Force base, Dayton, cruised the sky for a close bump, the pilot said he failed to sight the object after climbing to about 40,000 feet.
The object was a gleaming white at first, slowly turned yellow, finally red, and then faded into the dusk.
Reminiscent of the "flying saucer" days, newspapers and radio stations here were swamped with telephone calls while the "thing" hovered cryptically above.
Charles Strull, veteran member of the Louisville Astronomical Society, said "It's not a celestial body" because its color changed as the sun went down.
Meterologist O. K. Anderson said: "From our observation it certainly didn't seem to be a balloon—it showed so little movement."
Wright-Patterson Air Force base spokesmen said Saturday that investigation of the "unidentified object" was assigned topnet, and refused to confirm or deny the report about the fighter plane from the base here.

13 Nov 54 DATVON NEWS


Mysterious Object Could Have Been Plastic Balloon

MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 15. (AP) —A General Mills, Inc., research laboratory spokesman said today that an object sighted over Louisville, Ky., last Friday possibly was "a large plastic balloon released near Minneapolis a day earlier."
The Minneapolis milling firm's scientific laboratory manufacture the white plastic balloons and sends them aloft in co-operation with the office of naval research, which is conducting cosmic ray and other upper atmospheric studies. Hundreds of the balloons have been launched.
The balloon released last Thursday measured 50 feet in diameter and is 100 feet long. Its cargo of instruments was released by parachute over southern Minnesota the same day and was recovered near Austin, Minn.
No reports on finding the balloon had been received up to now. A mechanical device releases the cargo when the balloon reaches a prescribed altitude, usually in the stratosphere. 
A jet fighter plane from Wright-Patterson Air Force base, Dayton, was sent to Louisville Friday in an attempt to identify the object, but the pilot said he lost sight of it after reaching about 40,000 feet. The white object was estimated at an altitude of 80,000 feet.
After dropping its instrument cargo, a balloon usually rises rapidly and bursts.
15 Nov 54 Dayton Journal