The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

UNCLASSIFIED

With occasional lightning in the SE and NW. The cloud formation is the type from which very little rain or cumulig usually fall. This type of cloud formation has been called "dibisilicus" or "cirro-cumulus" type up to 25,000 feet position angle. Overheads clear, wind from north at 10 knots, see formation one visibility unlimited. Position of ZCBR-213 was 14 miles, bearing 3070. Winds from NE.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT:
From behind a huge dark mass of clouds directly above "the object" unidentified shaped like an egg moving at incredible speed. This object was observed above the horizon at an estimated altitude of 45,000 feet and its disappearance into, or behind a huge cloud bank in the NW directly above the horizon was observed until its disappearance into, or behind a huge cloud bank in the NW. During the course of following this object, the observed was unusually clear, the shape could not be made out sharply and distinction one to its (indistinct) size could not definite determination. The general size cannot be estimated. Length being three times its width, the overall size cannot be estimated. Relation to the distance of the sun, which the object being close behind, would be the equivalent of certain amount of distortion, either plus or minus, depending on the atmospheric condition at the precise time. Place its distance from the ZCBR-213 position angle about 120 off the port beam. This apparently closed a distance of approximately 1-3/4 miles in less than 20 seconds, which is only estimated as the exact time could not be determined. There also appears to be some distortion around the object, such as a trail or vapors, and luminous corona. This clearly indicates the tremendous speed at which the object was traveling. Comparative to the airborne unit was by far less than that of the object. The object's angles of maneuver were equal to one times its length (each). The cones of light were small brilliant than that of common navigation lights and made its way through the sky with a velocity greater than the heavy basic clouds below it. Its disappearance was observed when it came to a complete stop in a time element of 3-5 seconds by stopwatch. This phenomenon attracted other objects of similar build and its disappearance was observed back to the horizon. To the distance and course was imprinted on the mind of the observer for later reporting. So incredible did this phenomenon appear, no sound could be detected as the object passed away from the noises of the ZCBR-213 which may have blotted them out but they would have been quite audible detected had there been any. For the object passed relatively close aboard.

UNCLASSIFIED

I-I M. J. BROWN, CAPT., USN