There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing only text.

Text transcription:

3. Dr. Viswaldo Barrei (_no far I know so located him, therefore I suppose he knows nothing of what Professor Hanley thinks).

On may 21st he was told, also by a newspaper reporter said his presence would take effect on May 21st he would give a public lecture (audience expected 2,000) in response to an announcement by this newspaper reporter what he would do this date. However, no such lecture materialized and this statement appears as you can see is much more under or less substantiated than the information he gave me in our earlier conversation which was in a much more definite form.

Louis T. and state that all reports are sensible enough to warrant consideration, since the data was obtained and no further details added to the material when written up. When we were present his inside, call "science" is taken out of the usual place. On the whole its details seem impressive although I was not present when the material was discussed and cannot personally vouch for the accuracy of this or any other cases.

Here is "Professor Hanley" as he understands the positions of 1954 a notice of remarkable close range sightings of "balls of fire" were observed in certain localities over the Houston area. Government scientists who investigated the reports concluded the material was inconsistent and no definite conclusions could be drawn.  This man who daily chasing these materials said apparently the object was electric in nature. On their conclusion, the material was incandescent in nature. Ordinary sky observation discloses frequently the existence of incandescent phenomena in the sky, and I am not fully convinced that the recent series of sightings may not be due to some natural cause. Whether artificial or natural this material was inconclusive.  Just as on previous occasions, there is the usual tendency to endow the phenomena with all sorts of fantastic attributes. 

While her chickens, one and her neighbor her husband, had attended a circular object on the ground accompanied by a bright light. Usually the material was incandescent. Upon reaching the site, no physical trace of the object was found. According to the reporter, it is rather risky to accept at their face value many of the statements concerning these phenomena.

The metal that fell in Limestone Ct, Texas on September 23, 1954. At the time, the matter was investigated and the analysis made that the material was meteorological in nature. However, it would seem that additional analysis should be made of the fragments of metal before any definite conclusions are reached concerning the character of this material. The analysis made at that time was perhaps inconclusive so far as determining the true nature of the material was concerned