The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

forth on the fence wires, and when anybody picked up the phone everybody else was listening in on the conversation. Somebody saud. What was follus a the usual patter - disc-shaped, about 25 feet in diameter, glowing and changing color from a filw:. ve11ow to reddish. They sent jeta from Louisville up to chase them, but as soon as the jets got within 15 or 20 miles the jets were off. The incident took on a highly unusual and dangerous character. It occurred at great altitude in a matter of seconds. 
There were several letters, between May 31 and June 3, I got a call from our Bloomington studio. They said, "We've got a picture for you of the wreckage of a National Guard crashed ground controlled intercept plane this afternoon between Bloomington and Bedford." The pilot was killed. It turned out that the pilot was following a routine flight to Conway, Gulf, he was low on fuel, and a wonderful guy.
The following day I discovered, through a friend of mine in Louisville, that the jets had been up again after unidentified objects south of Bloomington, just as on the 5th, and again the jets had lost them. But Col. Norken, who was in charge of the National Guard air base down at Louisville, had taken off in a P-51 Mustang. A propeller-driven job. He had gone up white, and the pilots said he was in excellent condition. He had gone up because he could fly longer than the jets. And the jets were flying in formation back of him, attempting to direct him to the objects. Finally he reported back that he could see the edge of a cloud some distance ahead of him and above him, and he took after it. According to his discription, when he got to climind it, it was following it. He gave no description of it, other than to say that he could see whatever it was gaining a little on it, and it was then below him, and he was going to move on it. I don't recall receiving any further details on that flight.
It never made the papers. On November 11, 1954, an unknown object had appeared in the very same area and Col. Norken had instantiated the plane of which mention was made in my earlier on a similar mission, not the paper mentioned that he had been chasing something when his plane mysteriously crashed.

Mr. Edwards' talk was followed by a discussion period, in which he answered questions from the audience. Nearly all of these questions and answers, in a somewhat condensed form, are given below.

Q - Is there any evidence that any of these objects have crashed?
A - I'm not too sure that some of them haven't. Way back in 1947, at Roswell.