There is no photograph present in the provided image. However, the image contains a page from what appears to be an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

when uh is member uf of the RCA uh people there uh came up to me and said something about uh say hey & you listen to the radio and I said no I don't listen to the radio, uh he says well uh he says uh he says that something I said, well uh I says, no uh why uh I don't even know Senator Morris. He says well he seems to be a friend of yours and I said what in the world are you talking about what uh what uh are you getting at. Well you mean you don't know Senator Morris. Well the only thing I know about Senator Morris is he is a very active Senator from the state of Washington. He's been known as a Maverick because he really digs into things and slaps back on them once in a while. I don't have anything against the man and on the other hand I don't know the him. Well he shrugged his shoulders and walked away. He said perhaps maybe you don't. Well this is some more fo this stuff well I thought this might be some more of this crap, see. What's the world this man digging driving at. It was 1952 before I ever knew what the story was behind it. Now his is a man who is presently manager of the Lexington Herald Hactor Company used to be the general manager of the Lexington Herald publishing company and I might add a very good republican and a friend of Mr Eisenhower's uh I went to him and told him some of my problem in a sighting of this UFO. I was born here in Fayettville,Kentucky and Mr Watts here is in Lexington, Kentucky, Fayettville, County, Kentucky. Mr Watts told me that he would permanently look into this thing as see what could be done about it. Something wasn't right about it and I called Mr Watts and he asked me to call him in a couple of weeks when he got back from a Washington trip and so I don't recall whether at that trip he saw somebody or whether it was a later trip but about uh along about the time we were talking now he told me well somebody is going to call you and you will be called in a couple of weeks.