There is no photograph present in this document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report. The page appears to be a typed text with no visual images.

Here is the text output from the document:

How the Pan American knot head, Mr - uh - Doctor was in the middle of a controversy when the man laid on the pad cut there for 40 minutes before an appliance picked him up. Incidentally, a Republican, mind you, would just as soon tell me to go back down range where I had become certified from a recognized expert in the field of proctology. And so I had to stay out my time, a 90 day waiting period and I went to school in the mean time, but when I applied for a passport a month went by and I got no action. Here again is some more the old delaying tactics I've already become familiar with. My contact, my Senator, my father's neighbor and Unofficial Congressman, that is Congressman Watts, and asked him to expedite my passport, which he promptly did. I was bawled out by some of the Pan American people when I suggested the idea and exercised my prerogatives as a free citizen, of a free country. I have a right to contact my Congressman about a passport any damn time I get ready. Of course this puts an Indian sign on me again. Here's a man who calls a Congressman, well I'm not vouching the Air Force business concerns a Congressman John Watts as a matter of fact if you will ask him I have never done you people any harm. How when I went to Ascension Island the conditions were absolutely terrible, the morale was absolutely some of the worst I have ever seen in my life. Everybody was just living until the next plane could get in with some beer. There was nothing to work with, the supply was something that would have made any Congressman that's air stand straight up. So working under severe handicap there, believe this or not, I took a big along a couple of big cigar boxes of resistors and with me and my own tools and didn't even have tools in its bin that's another story. Without going into the waste and inefficiency and absolute falsification of reports by the radio corporation of America. Now the way these people have treated me in the incident I don't care anything.