The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an "Air Intelligence Information Report" document related to Project Blue Book.

OCR text output:

AF FORM 112-PART II
UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FLIGHT 1-0, 4600A AISS

I. SOURCE: CHARLES F. GILLWOOD

AGE: 22
DUTY: Control Tower Operator
EDUCATION: 13 YEARS

QUALIFICATIONS: 18 months as a control tower operator

STATION: China Lake Naval Air Facility

II. RELIABILITY: 3. UNGER's memory of incident was very good. He
consists attitude to be of little help was very impressive. He
really volunteered inform and apparently makes sincere
effort to give a complete and accurate picture of his
observations. His statements were positive, with the
exception of what the object might possibly have been.
The object was described as definitely not any known
aircraft. No identification was made as to the object
on the initial sighting. It seemed to be more knowledge
on the object than the eyewitness. UNGER stated the
object appeared to be just a little limited in size
and maneuverability. His knowledge of his job, however,
was very good and complete. The incident described
should be considered by the rating and judged accordingly.

III. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT:

Air Facility on a close from
on China Lake Naval
towards, California (China SBS 249°). and was asked to look for an
unusual light that had been reported. At this time the duty officer
had a call from the commanding officer stating a strange object was in
to look to the north. This time short spotted the object.

2. The object was in the northern sky at a heading of 310 degrees and
when first sighted. Object moved on a heading of 310 degrees for 7 or 8 minutes
then counterclockwise in a sweeping turn of 270 degrees back to the object's original
position. This portion of the flight covered 1 minute. The object then moved out
of sight on a heading measure by astro-compass to be 50 degrees. The total time
observed was approximately 10-12 minutes.

3. During the time that the object was in sight (23 - 25 minutes)
appeared to accelerate to an extremely high speed rapidly, Suddenly
reduced its speed to come to a complete stop, hover for a while, and then accelerate
again. The color remained constant. UNGER also stated that it
appeared to oscillate (vibrate) while in flight.

4. No additional lights or exhause were seen. The object did not appear
to change in size or shape. It seemed to be round or oval in shape,
and about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length. It was
orange in color with a bright center.

5. Sighting through 6 power binoculars, SOURCE observed a faint
trail or wisp of color behind the object as the object moved. This trail appeared
darker in color than the object proper.

UNCLASSIFIED