The image does not appear to contain a photograph. However, it does contain text that seems to be part of a document related to UFO research and investigation.

Civilian Saucer Intelligence 
of New York
RESEARCH AND INVESTIGATION OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
138 WEST 92nd STREET, NEW YORK 25, N.Y.

July 4 
1956

Prof. J. Allen Hynek
Astronomical Observatory 
Garden City, Mass.
Cambridge 38, Mass.

Dear Dr. Hynek:

You will by now have learned of the accomplishments of the semi-miraculous events of procuring your "My Fair Lady" on July 11th. Hope nothing has come up that will make this date inconvenient for you after all. Good thing you didn't make an ironclad plan for that would have been altogether impossible. No doubt you will be rather disappointed in the show for I am yet to learn how anything like it could have been produced. 

I certainly hope you will be able to make time to have a schmooze with us as we have plenty of things to talk about and it goes without saying that we are excited by the alluring suggestions you last put in our hands. It would probably fascinate communication of interesting things on paper, but I appreciate the risks you would be taking, and I imagine that your caution is well founded. It does seem unnecessary and irritating that scientists have irrational prejudices (which I suppose will be forever) where will always be an area of concern that must be stigmatized as heretical and it is no use complaining that scientists ought not to be so anti-scientific. One must recognize that they are, and choose appropriate precautions, as you are doing.

I believe you will be interested in Isabel Davis's data on the Hopkinsville landing, which includes two versions, with witness-checked drawings. One was made by two independent investigators the day after the event. Thus we learn not only that the case is undoubtedly "solid" (which Isabel's overwhelming investigation confirms), but also a good deal of information of interest to comparative biologists about the behavior of creatures which apparently "incomprehensibly" impressed witnesses in this case markedly differed from the sort of thing we are accustomed to on this planet. Probably you have not had this information before, as it appears that the Air Force investigators showed little interest in the drawings when offered them: quite probably they "visually didn't see what a trained person would naturally see on superficial examination."

It appears that the little men of Kelly were not very anthropoid, evidently differing from the heavy-set, hairy, muscular little fellows of Venusian culture, though identification with these ones seems more certain. and this is something again (August 21, 1955.) Three feet only in stature, they resembled the conventional "Martians", spindly in build, except for a barrel chest, with small heads out of proportion to their bodies, hairless with no visible eyes or pupils, were set at the sides of the head, as in prawns and primitive fishes. They were bothered by light, and could be driven off with a flashlight beam, clear evidence that they could not adapt their visual sensory mechanism to illuminations brighter than their customary environment.