The image does not appear to contain any photographs. The text is:

Capabilities far beyond any earth-made crafts. We also believe that these flying saucers, as they are called, are operated by intelligent beings of an extremely high order. 

I spent the whole night taking all the wind out of the sails of the debate, not contesting the matter at all, but asking questions of Major General who moderated the show. He kept trying to needle Mr. Ley to try and stir up a little argument.

I appeared on a film show with him about six months ago, in which I very carefully selected around the edges of the subject. I think he was afraid I still had that letter in my pocket. 

Now here's an odd thing about that "Author Meets the Critics" broadcast. Although the program was on the national network, it was carried by just one station, WCBS in New York. The network didn't cancel the program to suggest, but for some reason, which was never explained it was just stations off every other station.

In the winter of 1949, I was broadcasting every night over the Mutual network from Indianapolis. One night in December, a package came in for one of the announcers. I opened it up and it was a rough copy of Collier's magazine, which was the one that had the story about flying saucers. My friend got the magazine in error, because he was really supposed to have been broadcasting that.

That was the first really good article I had ever read on the flying saucers. I have a very high regard for Major Keyhoe. He has done a wonderful job of research and reporting on this subject.

In January, 1950, I came to Washington. As you will remember, there were some great skepticism at that time. No one raised any objection, because when I went with the API, I had a specific understanding with Mr. Wilkins Eason. The president of the API, and it was very clear old gentlemen. He said, "We know how you operate, and we just want you to do the same kind of job on our organization that you did before, and we'll never interfere with you." As long as Mr. Green lived, that was the basis. It didn't bother me with observations that were just positions or earlier ones, as major saucer reports. But when the national story time comes, I was free to devote a little more attention to the subject. I might say that I thoroughly investigated this phenomenon, which amounted to nothing when I went into it, to the point where it was one of the main things that the nation's capital.

In the summer of 1952, I was in Washington when flying saucers began arriving the nation's capital. Now, prior to that, there had been a great deal of official secrecy. Of course, there had been some attempts to deceive you or "con you around," and convince you that all these people who saw UFOs were a little off base.