The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which contains a handwritten summary of an observation.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a brief description of the event that you observed. You may re-enter past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (Do Not Write in This Space)
SIGNATURE: 
DATE: Dec 2, 1955

The incident occurred on the morning of June 24, 1955. At approximately 5:00 A.M., my wife and I were awakened by a persistent noise and bright light shining through the bedroom window. Upon investigation, we saw a large, round, glowing object hovering close to the ground. Our first reaction was to M-13, a star cluster in Hercules. On closer inspection, we realized this was not the case. The object was approximately 50 feet in diameter and about 80-100 feet above the ground. We observed it for about 20 minutes, during which time, it was almost motionless, except for some slight up and down movements. At one point, it shot straight up at a very high speed and then stopped suddenly. The color was a brilliant greenish-white, and there appeared to be portholes or openings around the object. At the most, there was a slight humming sound, but no other noise was detected. After about 20 minutes, the object suddenly accelerated and shot off to the east at a fantastic speed, disappearing from sight in a matter of seconds. There was a brief flash of light as it departed. We have no idea what this object was, but it was definitely not an aircraft or any conventional man-made object. There were no aircraft in the area at the time, and no astronomical explanations seem to fit. We are at a loss to account for what we witnessed.