The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the graphical presentation of data and the analysis of information related to UFO sightings.

Graphical Presentation
The graphical representation of the important information contained in the tables is presented in Figures 1 through 38. These figures present the distributions of the important variables only by the total number of cases in each identification category; since no significant differences were found between the distributions of "Certain" and "Doubtful" identifications of objects with respect to the tabulated variables, a photological study of these figures will afford a broad picture of the tabulated information, without the necessity of a detailed study of the tables.

A critical examination of the figures will show that no trends, patterns, or correlations are to be found, with the exception of Figures 8 through 30. The apparent similarity of the distributions shown by these minor graphs, however, is due to the similarity of the basic underlying distribution and does not indicate any significant relationship between the variables. A statistical study of the distributions shows that there was a low probability that the distributions of the KNOWNS and UNKNOWNS by these characteristics were the same. These tests and their interpretation are discussed in the following section. For purposes of this study, the strategic areas, shown in Figures 32 through 38, and Tables A223 through A240, Appendix A, were designated on the basis of concentration of reports of OBJECT SIGHTINGS in an area. No other interpretation of the tables or remaining charts was deemed necessary.

Advanced Study of the Data
It was recognized that the lack of any patterns or trends, as shown by the tabulations and graphs, provided an insecure basis for drawing definite conclusions. Accordingly, shortly before the sorting and tabulation program was concluded, a program of study of the data was developed to utilize statistical and other mathematical methods, which could lead to a more concrete interpretation of the problem.

Position of the Sun Relative to the Observer
The first thing that was done was to calculate the angle of elevation of the sun above the horizon and its bearing from true north as seen by the observer at the time of each sighting. With this information, it could then be determined whether there was a possibility that the reported object could have been illuminated by light from the sun. In addition, it could be determined whether an object could be a mock sun (sun dog) or whether there was a possibility of specular reflection of an aircraft at the position of the object, which would give the appearance of a "flying disc".

A program of computation was set up and carried out to obtain the angle of elevation and the bearing of the sun for each sighting. All information needed for this calculation was available on the deck of IBM cards.