There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. 

The text from the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Flight 2-D, 4-600D A735, 29-AYGN-6-55 PART FIVE PAGE 14 OF 25

I. SOURCE: Mr. [REDACTED], Dallas, Texas 
Age: 28
Occupation: Salesman, Hoffman La Roche Inc.
Education: Post Graduate work 2 years 
Qualifications: Bacteriologist

U.S. INTELLIGENCE OFFICERS were cleared, friendly, and cooperative. All questions answered to their satisfaction. The object followed an erratic course, sometimes remaining stationary and at other times moving at extremely rapid speed. The object appeared as an intense light, dimming and brightening alternately. The object was observed through binoculars. Reporting officer believes the source to be reliable.

This source provided the following DETAILS OF SIGHTING: On 29 January 1955, 9:30 P.M., Geographical location: 10 miles southwest of Dallas, Texas. The object followed an erratic course in the southwest direction. The object was observed and tracked for a total of twenty-five to thirty seconds. The time of the first sighting was also 9:30 P.M.

The object appeared to be round in shape and of large size. On the second sighting the object was observed through binoculars. During this sighting the object appeared to have a light colored ring or halos around it. The object remained in view for an additional twenty seconds. 

At 2215 P.M., 20 June 1955, the object was sighted a third time. During this sighting the object appeared to have multiple fans or propeller-like extensions. During the sighting the object appeared as three bright incandescent lights. The lights were seen to be spinning or rotating. The final time the object was observed was at 2230.

At 2230 P.M., 20 June 1955, the fourth sighting occurred. The object appeared on a course of 190 degrees and was traveling at a high rate of speed. This sighting lasted approximately five seconds. During this sighting, there were five green lights accompanied by a red light on the trailing edge of the object.

REFERENCE ENCLOSURE #1 of part 3 SOURCES' sketches of flight path of the object.