The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing a narrative text.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

they saw no apertures of any kind, they saw no antennae - in fact, they saw nothing except the smooth surface which had a metallic gloss to it. She said they decided to follow the thing. But just as he started to take off after it, a stream of orange flames which came from the sides of the object, and which accelerated rapidly, and ran off and left those things that they had been watching. They last saw the thing making about 1000-1200 mph when they last saw it, and it was climbing rapidly.

They got back to base and reported what they had seen. They were immediately confined to quarters and they were subjected to grilling for several days. In fact, they were told that one of them was not allowed to sleep for for 48 hours. They were interrogated to the extent that they became convinced that they had better keep their mouth shut about the whole matter, "or else."

On the way I left Alaska, two Air Force Intelligence men came to see me. They underscored that I must not repeat any of this since it was classified "top secret." They really didn't tell me anything I'd like to know. Well, I asked them the usual questions and I got the usual round-about answer. They told me that these things were "very real." They were our very latest secret developments. Could be, I argued, but I wouldn't tell them that we said this, because we had these things timed to break just before holidays, and once they took the usual operation for granted, they'll leave them alone. Well, I concluded my testimony with him. But I don't think I convinced him that I'd keep my mouth shut. For quite a while, I thought those Air Force men had told me the truth. But I

If the saucers are ours. We've certainly wasted billions of dollars in the nine years since 1947 building airplanes that can't even come close to the things-and don't think they are ours and I don't believe they are anybody else's on this earth.

I believe that these things are real. I believe that they are very substantial, and I believe that they are intelligently controlled. And this is not guess-work on my part; in writing, in documents which I have in my lock box where supposed can't get at them. I believe that these things are in the words of these physicists "unconventional and exceedingly high-speed devices, well tested and operated by individuals who know more about this planet than we do."

To show you just how solid the people are who made that statement, I'd like to go back to one day in October 1952, when stories appeared that I were on a television program called "Author Meets The Critics," debating flying saucers with Willy Ley. The famous German writer and rocket expert, - About half way through the show, I leaned over to Mr. Ley, who had been expressing his skepticism, and said quietly to him, "Willy, I like to show you something that'll make you change your mind." I did not do that, but I would like to show you the heading and the signatures, and I would likes to read you two statements from the listeners.

I showed him the heading -- a very important center for the government's super-secret activities-- and I showed him the signatures -- all well-known physicists -- and I read this:

"After six years of analyzing the evidence submitted to us by the U.S. government, we have come to the unanimous conclusion that the objects known as flying saucers do not originate on this earth, and that they possess capabilities which bring them radically beyond the range of present-day aircraft."