There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report.

OCR output:

about their hide anymore. All I can say is this, that I put you people in 
business as far as telementary . I was the chief telementary technician there and 
for the first 6 months of operation test. I went down and in Aug of 1957 you 
can say one thing for the 6 months that I was down there you people had nothing
but perfect telementary data. Not only did you have someone whom 
put it there, kept the performance of that equipment exceeding specifications 
being a radar in many cases even though they had decided to in many cases reign at 
a disadvantage but you had someone there who was a watchdog better than if you had 
a personal agent of your own only in the place to maintain security. When it 
came time to make my vacation I had not given my children for three years
who live on the West Coast. This thing had been planned, the time promised to me, 
RCA goofed off, had not arranged for relief personnel to be there on 
schedule and so I waited over about 20 days. My sister that of mine that had planned 
to take here vacation had this all worked out this all got messed up in the deal.
How you back in October I believe it was late October a sister of mine comitted 
suicide at the Down Blue due there to a damn psychotic Naval Petty Officer living 
on a crummy naval base. The poor girl had more than she could take. Of course 
at the time I did not know what had happened. I simply knew that she died.
Inasmuch as it was impossible to have gotten home in time. Inasmuch as 
the conditions there were important I didn't leave even though I recognised 
that it would have been a comfort to my mother and my family to have some on 
home here anyway, but I felt since I couldn't make the funeral and 
probably would have declined anyway because I felt the importance
of staying on the job at that particular time since the Russians had surprized
the world with Sputnick I. It was important that I stay there now.