The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Results of Interviews:
(1) Have seen the landing of the "saucer"; talked to the person who escaped from within it, and who gave him a message to deliver to the effect that this event to his priest. The message was advised to tell his congregation this event was a manifestation, and to his poster mother. However, the peculiar nature of this case is, that he did not give the information to the member and self-styled official UFO investigator of the USOF. Rumors began to spread with the idea suggested that the authorities apprehended this person, and that he had been given a "routine" security type interrogation. A good musically, it is said to be a bit on the "odd" side, living in his own little world, and driven to a large fixation. It was further learned that on the same day that he claimed to have seen the flying saucer, there were no reports of part of crew or passengers being offered rewards for information concerning their apprehension.

(2) Stating: On the evening of the same day (27 June) proceeded to Willoughby, Ohio, to the residence of Mr. and Mrs. XXXXXX. On the visit, the people in the residence gave no indication whatever as to having any knowledge that the undersigned investigator had in his possession a complaint involving USOF. In brief, they both repeated to this investigator almost word for word their previous report to the USOF. The investigator learned in the course of the interview that the USOF had built up a file on this case, and that it was in their records. Also, the drawings of the craft sighted are apparently reviewed by the USOF. It was learned during this interview that the USOF is leading people to be aware that some type of confidential information may be in their possession.

(3) Fighting: In the latter part of the day (28 June), an attempt was made to contact the individual who appears to be officially connected with the USOF organization in question. Inasmuch as we were personally advised that the USOF director of investigation is the dossier, it was important that some background information on this individual be obtained. However, it was determined that he did not lived in the address given to the USOF. Further attempts to contact him through various other addresses were unsuccessful.