There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in the provided document. The text is a detailed description of a reported UFO incident that occurred in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. The document appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

Here is the full text transcribed from the document:

But as to his being deluged with flying saucer mail, I can only say to you that it was one of the smallest deluges in history. I asked my audience one night after a lecture, and they told me they were swamped with the continuing stories and flying saucer sightings. Because it was becoming difficult, the wire service wouldn't carry them any more, and I thought they were just plain fagged, tired out, and just couldn't find deliverance. As it turns out, it was more than 1,400 pieces of AFL building, and my office received between 800 and 900 pieces, all having to do with the Hopkinsville thing. He said also that "we were not particularly interested in flying saucers." That's possibly true, because only about two monthly newspaper had run his special article on flying saucers which he wrote at the request of Mr. George Van Tassel.

Well, the truth is that flying saucers really had nothing at all to do with the Hopkinsville saga. They just provided a convenient peg on which Mr. Meany could hang his statements. I'm not certain as to why Mr. Meany was so anxious to get me out of the picture, and I have the facts as that's down in writing - maybe it's because I was right, maybe it is reprehensible will let you read the book and decide for yourself.

Actually, the fellow did as I favor. There were only three nighttime radio programs that were covering the story. Due to the fact that we were doing an unusual type of program, it happened to have one of the three. But 1 realize it was working 12 to 15 hours a day to get the job done. I had to have plenty of rest when I came home, while I was very displeased that we had to have such a rumpus when we came to the meeting or somewhere in the town on account of our research. I'm certainly a lot happier now doing my television show at WTVF. There was no strings attached.

Let me tell you now about a couple of the most important flying-saucer cases ...

THE HOPKINSVILLE CASE
The first is a very strange affair. That happened on August 21st, last year, near Hopkinsville, Kentucky. It made headlines in the newspapers out there, and the press wire was carrying just because they thought it was ridiculous. You may remember reading the wire story about "little green men" and the ordinary hillbilly people who had them calling upon them in the village.

In the middle of the night eleven people rushed from a farmhouse in the little village of Kelly, 8 miles north of Hopkinsville, to get police protection against strange creatures from a flying saucer, who had been besieging them for hours. Shortly after sunset, one of the men had seen a saucer come down in a field behind the house. Soon afterwards, strange creatures about three feet tall, with big heads and enormous glowing eyes, appeared around the house. It's long arms hung almost to the ground, and a metallic appearance, and glowed in the dark. When they saw this thing, the men opened fire on the creatures, but the bullets had no effect. The creatures kept coming up to the house, and the men kept shooting at them, apparently for over two hours. The terrified family piled into two cars and drove to the police station to ask for help.