There are no photographs present on the displayed page.

---

UNCLASSIFIED
XXXXX

salesman, was out of town. Discussions witXXXXXX wife, who also
observed the sighting with her husband, produced no interesting
information on this case. Mrs. XXXXXXX was of the opinion that,
although not positive, the object she observed was an aircraft.
Further, she gave this investigator the impression that her husband
got interested in UFO's merely as a hobby, but that his interest
"now has grown out of hand."

7. In accordance with a pre-arranged plan for conducting this series of inter-
views, the final interview was had with XXXXXXXXXX, the organizer and
director of the UFROC. He, Mr. XXXXXXX and Mr. XXXXXXX conducted the investigations on
these sightings, and somehow XXXXXXX ran off the 300 people who made this sightings on
this same date (22 October 1955). From all these witnesses accounts XXXXXXXX, I am
is lead to believe that all these sightings were of some type of aircraft. Significant
support is lent this statement because of numerous and constant aircraft flights in
and around Cleveland, from both private and municipal airfields. Within USAF units
located in the Cleveland Municipal Airport there are many numerous types of craft
flying out of the Cleveland area, i.e., advertising blimps, helicopters, transport
jet types to name only a few.

8. At the conclusion of interviews, this investigator emphasized to all inter-
viewed that the classification of so-me UFO cases and reports from private citizens,
and organizations is appreciated by the Air Force, ATIC and other delegated USAF
are the only "official" UFO agencies. It was strongly recommended that all sighting
should be made to ATIC or the nearest AF base immediately, and that if the sighting
were found to pose important action to initiate official USAF investigation
through the 4602d AISS and other pertinent units, who have trained investigators to
handle these cases, would be taken.

C. CONCLUSIONS:

9. XXXXXXX Case: Mr. XXXXXXXX an impressionable young man with an ove-
active imagination did observe some natural or explainable phenomena, but his own
imagination run riot to build up a story or a "flying saucer" landing and let out
pants talking to him to such an extent that he now believes or alleges to believe
this fantastic story himself. Considered an "eccentric" or "psychological manifes-
tation" UFO report.

10. XXXXXX Case: This was the only case of the four that did not disclose or
discrepancies between the original and present UFO report. No film or definite con-
clusion can be made due to lack of further information and the difficulty of getting
additional facts from the sources due to the length of time elapsing from the first
report. Considered an "unknown."

11. XXXXXXX Case: From his obvious susceptibility to suggestion, and descripti-
on of his sighting "500 feet from the ground - a light beam appearing shining toward
the ground," the object is considered an "aircraft" preparatory to landing, and will
be placed in that category.

12. XXXXXXX Case: Apparently an aircraft, but insufficient information.

13. General: All the individuals associated with the UFROC appeared to be
people who, although good American citizens, have vivid imaginations and sincere
beliefs they are helping the UFO program by conducting their own investigations and
analyses. It is further concluded that in all future reports from this organiza-
tion.

UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

Please note that some text has been redacted (indicated by "XXXXXX" or similar markings), which is common in declassified documents for privacy or security reasons.