The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

COPY
3928TH AIR BASE SQUADRON (SAC)
United States Air Force
APO 237, New York, New York
17 September 1957

Dear Kirk:

I just returned from TDY today, and found your letter regarding the alleged Hopkinsville, Kentucky, on or about 21 August 1955.

I do remember this incident vividly, but I'm afraid I can't help you much since I was not directly connected with it. That being the case, I am therefore answering request in this informal manner and the following is, to the best of my knowledge, all that I can recall:

Prior to the above incident, several months earlier I believe we had another relating alleged incident from the Hopkinsville area. This earlier incident took place on the farm, (just south of Hopkinsville), of a Mr. _____ (I think his name was ____ ).

Briefly, Mr. _____ and a negro handy-man employed by him had observed an unidentified object streak across the sky, perform several abrupt changes of course, and finally disappear in the direction from whence it came. This was allegedly witnessed by two other witnesses that were present, that I think that there was another witness or two at the time.

The individuals involved in this earlier incident were a prominent citizen of the area, and the senior member of the largest local insurance and finance company. The accuracy of their description of the object and its maneuvers was very accurate. Some credence was lent to the story, we therefore reported this incident in accordance with AFR 200-2 by Confidential Message.

I mentioned the above preceding incident, (of which I have personal knowledge since I personally investigated it), because it preceded, to the best of my knowledge, the famous "Hopkinsville incident". It was not long after the "Whitehouse incident" that we heard of the Hopkinsville incident- perhaps they could be associated?

To my knowledge, the _____ incident was first investigated, and thoroughly so, by the State Highway Patrol, and later by the Sheriff's Office. The incident was never officially reported to the Air Force. In fact, the first I remember hearing about it is when several persons at Campbell brought to my attention an article about the incident which appeared in the local Hopkinsville paper.