The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT NO. 15-178-11-55 PART TWO

PAGE 5 OF 20

I. SOURCES:
RICHARD P. LUNDY, AGE, USFI
AGE: 23
DUTIES: Control Tower Operator
QUALIFICATIONS: Six months duty as a control tower operator.
STATION: China Lake Naval Air Facility

II. RELIABILITY:
Richard P. Lundy, the control tower operator, was on duty as a control tower operator on the night of the incident. This information was contained in his initial report and was confirmed in the follow-up interviews. The additional details and description of the object provided in this information were based on his personal observation and recollection of the events as they occurred on the airfield although it is deemed to have some limitations.

III. SOURCES DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT:
1. The attention was called to the object by another tower control operator. 
2. The object appeared to be a medium-sized round object which glowed with a reddish orange hue, about the size of a dime.
3. The object was first sighted in the northwestern sky at an approximate angle of 30-35 degrees. The object was moving at a high rate of speed and appeared to be glowing.
4. The angular diameter of the object was estimated to be 1/10 degrees from the tower at the China Lake Naval Air Facility.
5. Several times the object appeared to stand still, then it would move and then stand still again. It also disappeared for several seconds at a time and then reappeared. The pattern of motion would change brightness but not in a regular pattern.
6. The course it followed appeared to be toward the southwest and it seemed to disappear near the horizon.

TEXT: This document contains information affectingthe national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Act, 50 U.S.C. 31 and 32. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.