The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report.

OCR Text Output:
raced to the Hopkinsville police station. The police cars in Fore*, and they
searched all round the house. there was nothing to be found. No blood, no bodies,
no indication of drinking. The police finally left as an hour after they had gone
the house. But the family was in a state of terror, and they said there was certainly
no evidence of drinking. The policewere back again, Mr nemiuR Johnston, I, me for some
time watched out at one window, and saw nothing unusual for several minutes. Before dawn, they had
more shots of some little, black-looking creatures. Several of this rods had run
off past the house of relatives, and some had disappeared in a cornfield across the road.

it was in Mt. Veron, Indiana, only about 50 miles away, when this story hit
the newspapers. The Evansville Courier-Post of August 22nd printed a detailed
account of this story, including statements made by the witnesses, based on the description
given by the Sutton family. They described them as "small, black-looking little creatures". Since a member of my
family was driving, I couldn't leave at this time, so they were thorns before I did.

And when I did get to Hopkinsville, I walked into a practical joke, which is
one of the things you have to watch out for when you're looking to investigate subs
ject like this - a couple were newspa perrnen I knew had once played a joke on very good
friends of mine on a good "hot story". They told me the story, and it sounded strange to
them, "but wait", told me, "we've lots of indications they're a hoax, a foolprints of
some of the creatures." IF I'd bought it, their cup would have bubbled over. As it
was it took me some time to catch on.

The funny thing about this is that the hoaers were telling an essentially
true story. Though I'm more skeptical, I find Don't Reily's story seems cretable to me. Their pleasure
was fe4f, but the Kelly had happened Nobody has ever been able to dispute the essential facts
able to contradict them.

Another thing that they told me was not true of the Kelly case, but it was
true, as we both know, of another outstanding saucer landing case, That of the
Keerons that happened on September 12,1952, couple of aluminum-wire salesmen had
some adventures, who had stopped for rest at a tourist court of Virginia. They saw
day a fellow came slong selling subscriptions to a magazine that is printed in
August. Shortly, and he was wound the neighborhood every questioning everybody
who had reported anything. The few people who ordered the aluminum-were or subscrip
scribed to the publication that he said never been issued. Later with no that the
ter of explanation at all. I leave to your imagination what agency was probably
behind these incidents.

Well, the Kelly case had its comic aspects - and part of the joke was on per
sonal contact with in recent months. This one was a tragedy.

On January 6th of this year, at Bedford, Indiana, about 50 miles south of In
diana polls, she had OED appeared, two Keltys were driving home from school. A couple they knew were
short time before, and then they were seen south of Bedford, there they were watch
ed by three or four hundred people. The farmees were calling each other back and
forth to "see the little men".

1/ For a full report on the Kelly landing case, with data obtained by on-the-spot
investigation, See C.S.I. Research Reports No. 1, published in August, 1955.