There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Colorado the preceding year --that would be 1922 or 1923. Two or three things that looked like "flying saucers" had come up to his plane and flown around it. He said he couldn't see what's kept them in the air, but they had no difficulty at all in sticking on his tail. They were more or less round, and perhaps 2 inches away from his wings. He said he'd never seen anything like it in all his years of flying. Then a couple of times they slowed up and said about the same size--they were just like pearly particles and seemed millions of miles away. It seems those "big fellows" were, but I have a hunch that they were what we now call flying saucers.
A few years after that, on August 5, 1926, there was a sighting by Nicholas Roerich on the Himalayan expedition. Members were a shiny disk-shaped object, which seemed metallic, through binoculars. And this thing, too, was apparently what we call a flying saucer.
Of course, you folks who have delved into this subject know that these things are not of recent vintage--neither have they been seen over a long period of time. But it wasn't until June, 1947, that the big flying-saucer story broke out on us. Actually, the story, according to Kenneth Arnold, ought to have broken on June 25th. On that day, a railroad engineer in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, saw several shiny metal objects flying in a strange, jerky manner, like wild geese, as he said. He called them the "saucers" when he got back and told his friends he had seen them.
I suppose, hallucinations) -- and he estimated that they were flying at about 1600 miles per hour. That story only got circulation, because newspapers do not regard railroad engineers as authoritative witnesses on sightings.
But, the next day, the 24th, when Kenneth Arnold saw nine things flying in the Cascade Mountains, was a different story. Because the observer was a veteran flyer--a friend of mine, incidentally, and I have a high regard for him. His name was Kenneth Arnold, and he made the headlines, as you know, from coast to coast. After that, things were seen in the country, and eventually, all over the world.
By the summer of 1948, some friends of mine up in Alaska were writing to me to say that they were seeing queer things in the sky up there--I had known those people in Alaska quite a bit in years gone by--and in the summer of 1948 I went up there again to talk to these people whose names they had names. Unfortunately they turned out to be very poor pictures--merely bad cameras, but I had some very interesting conversations with people I know.--whom I regarded as credible witnesses, and I got a lot of course, let of people whom I did not consider credible at all. One little lady told me that all the little people in the hollow tree, and the couple of jet pilots from Elmendorf Air Base, whom I met incidentally, had said there were flying over the Brooks Range, under a layer of cloud or ice crystals, at about 30,000 feet. They decided that they'd go up and take a look at these gentlemen. They found themselves up above on this layer. They said when they came down, the others, the jet pilots, were gone--they were flying over the Brooks Range. under a layer of cloud or ice crystals like a repetillian" craft from outer space, and over on this layer above on this layer. They decided that they'd go up and take a look at these gentlemen. They found themselves up above on this layer. They said when they came down, the others, the jet pilots, were gone--they were flying over the Brooks Range. under a layer of cloud or ice crystals like a repetillian" craft from outer space, and every 3-29 "Fussage" with no tail and no wings: there was some flame coming out the back and it was moving at a speed of about 1600 mph. They saw no windows.