The image contains a photograph that shows two faint images or silhouettes in the center. The document describes these as being the impressions of an object observed in the sky over Old Greenwich, Connecticut. The text goes on to provide details about the photographic examination and analysis of the images, including descriptions of microscopic examinations. However, as there are no human faces visible in the image, I will simply describe the contents of the image without identifying any individuals.

Text OCR Output:
AFOIN-4
Coast of the photographic slides describes two faint images in the center of the frame. This image was originally furnished to us about the description of an object observed in the sky over Old Greenwich, Connecticut. These appear to be part of the same material as the object itself.
AFOIN-4X2B
Photographic examination (GOX-2500) both the "negative" or what appear to be the outline or edges of the object proper were damaged by a defect or a film The traces of the damage do not appear to be closely related or integral part of the images themselves.
AFOIN-4X2C
Microscopic examination (GOX-2500) of the photographic slides indicates that the print was made from a "negative" or what appears to be a sillhouette of the object. The film on which the object was photographed indicates evidence to suggest certain chemical particles of abnormal emission grain. The emulsion on this film appears to be part of the same material as the object itself.
AFOIN-4X3
This is commonly referred to as a "trace" or chemical particles of abnormal emission grain. The small particles in this case are in the form of a "trace" or a "crumb" appearing in the photo terminating slightly below the center of the frame.
AFOIN-4X4
The appearance of the object, photographed is difficult to describe in detail, as nothing similar to it has been observed before. It appears to be the outlines of some complex form or configuration of material rather than a simple geometric shape.
AFOIN-4A
It should be noted that the appearance of the object, photographed is somewhat similar to some results obtained during certain experiments in photoflash photography where electrical discharges produce photographic effects.
AFOIN-4B
This spot or flare may have been caused from either a defect in the original film or through microscopic chemical deposits contained during the processing of the color film.
AFOIN-4C
No attempt is made to correlate the data submitted in the UFO report with the film or photograph. In this report there is certain inconsistencies in the report submitted to us.
AFOIN-4D
These measurements indicate that the fastest shutter speed involved in UFO reports with films or photography is approximately 1/1000 second, which would be highly improbable that a visual observation would be recorded as a distinct image on the film.
AFOIN-4E
The transparency indicates that the object is almost certainly due to some defect, scratch, or flaw on the film which would appear that it would be very difficult to determine the validity of the photographic object in the frame.
PERM
TEMP
90 DAYS
INITIAL
ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET