The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Originally, the problem involved the preparation and analysis of about 1,300 reports accumulated by the Air Force between 1947 and the end of March, 1952. During this course of the work, the number of reports submitted for analysis and evaluation more than tripled; the result of the unprecedented increase in observations during 1952. Accordingly, this study has been expanded, though for a preliminary analysis, to cover a gross of approximately 4,000 reports.

This study was undertaken primarily to categorize the available reports of sightings and to determine the probability that any of the reports of unidentified aerial objects represented observations of "flying saucers". With full cognizance of the quality of the data available for study, yet with an awareness of the proportions this subject has assumed at times in the public mind, the work was undertaken with the seriousness accorded to a straightforward scientific investigation. In order to establish the probability that many of the reports of unidentified aerial objects represented observations of "flying saucers", it was necessary to make an attempt to answer the question "What is a 'flying saucer'?". However, it must be emphasized that this was only incidental to the primary purpose of the study, the determination of the probability that any of the reports of unidentified aerial objects represented observations of "flying saucers", as defined on Page 1.

The basic technique for this study consisted of reducing the available data to a form suitable for mechanical manipulation, a prerequisite for the application of preliminary statistical methods. One of international Business Machines Corporation's systems was chosen as the best available mechanical equipment.

The reduction of data contained in sighting reports into a form suitable for transfer to IBM punched cards was extremely difficult and time consuming.

For this study a panel of consultants was formed, consisting of both experts within and outside ATIC. During the course of the work, guidance and advice were received from the panel. The professional experience available from the panel covered major scientific fields and numerous.

All records and working papers of this study have been carefully preserved in an orderly fashion suitable for ready reference. These.