The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document describing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

STRATFORD, CONNECTICUT
New York 23, N.Y.
Sept. 14, 1955

Col. W. Bernard Steele
Director, Public Information
Director, Air Defense Force hqrs.
Stewart Air Force Base
Newburgh, New York

Dear Col. Steele,

I would like to thank you for your kind reply of August 13 in answer to my letter to you of August 8.

The following report of an UFO over the city came to my attention last week: On July 24, sometime between 7:45 and 8:30 p.m., Mr. and Mrs. _____ of____ Riverside Drive, Stratford, Connecticut, while eating their evening meal, observed a bright light high in the sky above the Hudson River. It was moving quite slowly at first, then the speed of the object increased drastically. The apparent width was less than the full moon and the length was approximately 3 times its width. I questioned her as to its length. I had some trouble trying to determine definitely just how long it was since it was moving so rapidly and disappeared so quickly. They are certain and agreed that it was moving away and not toward them, and at a very steep angle. The apparent width was less than the full moon and the length was approximately 3 times its width. They are certain and agreed that it was moving away and not toward them, and at a very steep angle. 

The following report is of very little importance, but I include it simply for the record.

At approximately 7:15 p.m. on Sunday, August 14, 1955, I was sitting on the back porch of my brother's home at _____ Stratford, Connecticut. I noticed a small white round object moving in an approximately southeast heading at a steady rate of speed. The object was smaller and flatter white, as clearly as I could make out, and was about ten tenths the size of a full moon.

I watched the object for several seconds as it passed below the trees, and it disappeared momentarily from view. When I lost sight of it, it was about 40-50 degrees above the horizon in the general area of the southeast quadrant. I estimate I was able to follow it through about 30-40 degrees of arc in a period of about one minute.