The image does not contain any photograph, it is a page from an old UFO report document. The text on the page describes an incident related to "Metallic fragments spray over Fiji" that occurred in Yakoba, Vatulele, Fiji Islands on December 27, 1955. The text provides details about the incident, including the sighting of a "ranging missile" and a "possible explanation" that a meteorite explosion could have caused a "shower of meteorite fragments". The text also mentions the involvement of Harold Fulton of CSIR New Zealand in the investigation of this incident.

METALLIC FRAGMENTS SPRAY OVER FIJI
Case 127, Yakoba, Vatulele, Fiji Islands - reported December 27, 1955. Witnesses: the origin and purpose of
the fragments are uncertain. While the villagers were
a ranging missile, we look searchingly to other relative
events for a possible clue. Such a clue may be found in
the Auckland Star, December 27, '55 reported, "During a
lightning storm, the village of Yakoba, in Vatulele, was
struck by a fire ball and an old woman was hurt. A possible
explanation said the Star, was
that a meteoritic explosion at a low level, causing a flash,
could have created the trouble at Yakoba. Samples of the
fragments are now being analysed. What the metallic shower
could have caused of the meteorite fragments to be sent to
earth are to determine, and the results are awaited."
Harold Fulton, of C.S.I.R. New Zealand, who sent
C.R.I.F.O. the news item, noted "I am writing to Vatulele
requesting additional information. The Fiji incident, but
not too remote, connection with the Fiji incident, does
so remote by connection with the bizarre affair of the
Joh. V. Western Samoa cruiser, which steamed out of
in 1952 covered with a fluorescent glow
as the vessel did not reach the Tokelaus. It was found on
December 10 following, disabled in a light rain off the
Alofa Islands of the Jomard Islands group. Understandable
was the burned-out semi-circular section on
report. We have no way of knowing, but the Vatulele
incident may have been a similar lightning phenomenon.