The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an Air Intelligence Information Report form. The form appears to be part of Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

OCR text output:

FLIGHT 2-D -4G02D AISS

I. SOURCE: Mrs. - Address: Dallas, Texas Area: 24 Occupation: Housewife Education: 4 years college Observations: Meteorologist

II. RELIABILITY: SOURCE seemed to be a very intelligent young woman. She had had some training in the field of meteorology and was able to discuss questions in a clear and conversational manner and without hesitation. Reporting officer believes the SOURCE to be reliable.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF THE SIGHTING:
The object was about 2.50 CST to June 1955. SOURCE first observed the object silhouetted against the sky. It was the size of a dime held at arm's length and seemed to be aluminum in color. It moved in a downward direction at a very rapid rate of speed, much faster than anything the SOURCE had ever seen. The object moved in a straight line and stopped abruptly. The object remained stationary for about 1 minute, then it began to climb and moved away in a horizontal line until it disappeared from sight. The object was observed to be metallic in appearance, but was a slightly more watery in color than a jet plane would have been. On the third sighting the object appeared to be cigar-shaped.

1. SOURCE could not remember the exact time of the sightings.
2. SOURCE stated that she observed only one object.
3. SOURCE was a brilliant while in color and object would turn red before disappearing.
4. SOURCE was looking to the southwest when the object was first sighted.
5. SOURCE had no conception of what the object might have been or what it was doing there.

Reference is made to part 6. SOURCE's sketch of the flight path of the object.
Pt. 1 Object vanished on Fourth sighting
Pt. 2 Object vanished on Third sighting
Pt. 3 Object vanished on Second sighting
Pt. 4 Origin of object on Third sighting
Pt. 5 Stationery position
Pt. 6 Object vanished on First sighting
Pt. 7 Climb of object on Second sighting
Pt. 8 Object descended on First sighting