There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT:
LOCATION OF OBJECT: Cheyenne, Wyoming
AGENCY: USAF
DATE: 7 OCTOBER 1955
PAGE: 6 OF 7 PAGES

The text in the document is as follows:

CONTENTS OF FORWARDING OFFICER

1. The reliability of both observers and therefore the validity of their reports cannot be questioned.

2. The face, shape and motion of the object observed was essentially as described by the observers and the conclusions drawn from the observation are substantial.

3. Insofar as intense as described by the sources.

4. The object was observed and seen in the sky for a considerably period of time and there is no reason to question that the object was there no object but then denied.

5. In view of the retraction by Mr. _________ that he had seen the object, the investigator could find no one who had definite information as to whether any object had been seen over Cheyenne but the investigators could find no one who could either confirm or deny the observations.

6. Information received from Mr. ________ places a diesel-electric locomotive, containing six Sherman-type, 10-cylinder, diesel-electric locomotive miles south of the area at the time of the sighting. Information received from the Operator indicates that a freight train was moving to the south at the time of the sighting, the locomotive being fired up and ready for an evening run, and the speed of the train could have been high enough to account for the speed described in the report.

7. When accounts were received of the sightings by the same observers on several occasions which were very similar to the first one, it was concluded that the object passing to the south sometimes sounded "strange".

SOURCES have overactive imaginations, and the data and conclusions drawn above it is believed that no object was actually sighted, but rather the observers saw and heard the diesel-electric locomotive passing to the south, which is the probable explanation of the "unidentified" object.

WILLIAM A. THURMAN
Major, USAF
Operations Officer