The image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a scanned page from a document discussing the classification of 12 unidentified sightings into four categories based on their shapes: propeller shape, aircraft shape, cigar shape, and balloon or disc shape. The page outlines the criteria for determining the appropriate category for each sighting, emphasizing the importance of the general shape of the object and the maneuvers it performed, the reliability of the observer and report, the accuracy of the observed elements, and the derivation of the model from good comparisons without any essential conflict. It also explains why it is not possible to deduce a model from the 12 cases that satisfy all the conditions, and provides specific examples of how Cases I and II do not satisfy certain conditions.

These 12 sightings can be classed into four categories on the basis of their shapes, as follows:
(1) Propeller shape - Case I
(2) Aircraft shape - Cases II and III
(3) Cigar shape - Cases IV and V
(4) Balloon or disc shape - Cases VI to XII

The purpose of this section of the study was the conceiving of a model, or models. The requirement that the description be detailed is an important one, and was the easiest to determine in the re-evaluation program. However, a good model ought to satisfy the following conditions as well:
(1) The general shape of the object and the maneuvers it performed should fit the reports of many of the UNKNOWNS and thus explain them.
(2) The observer and the report should be reliable.
(3) The report should contain elements which should have been observed with accuracy, and which eliminate the possibility that the sighting could be ascribed to a familiar object or to a known natural phenomenon.
(4) The model should be derived from two or more good UNKNOWNS between which there is no essential conflict.

It can be shown that it is not possible to deduce a model from the 12 cases that will satisfy all of these conditions.