The provided image does not contain any photograph. It is a scanned document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Date: 2, 4602d AES
D2-UFOB-3-55
PAGE 5 of 6 PAGES

COMMENTS OF Preparing Officer:
1. In the opinion of the Preparing Officer, this sighting was caused by a meteorite for the following reasons:
a. The direction of the sighting from the various reporting points all vector in towards the Humboldt-Beatrice area. The reporting times are all within this time interval for the arrival of a now non-existing phenomenon.
b. The three actual sources all to one degree or another, suggested by themselves that the object was a meteorite.
c. The descriptions of the object, together with its short observation period and characteristic downward trajectory suggests it was a meteorte of unusual size.
d. The collective professional opinion of Dr. Schultz, Professor Collins and Dr. Lincoln La Paz, leads to the conclusion that it was rather to be a meteorite than anything else.
e. The fact that the Red Oak and Kansas City observers thought the object burned out, while in Nebraska they believed it struck the earth can be explained. The difference in the horizontal distance of the observers from the phenomenon would result in this difference of visual conclusions. This phenomenon is relative to the observers when the meteorite went past the horizon it would look to be burning out, yet the observers in closer proximity could rightly conclude it struck the earth.
The possibility of an aircraft crash was investigated. The CAA at Kansas City, Missouri had no word of any crashes in this area.

COMMENTS OF Approving Officer:
Concur with the opinion of the Preparing Officer that the sighting described in the above report was caused by a meteorite. It is the further opinion of this headquarters that the sighting was of solid type, accounting for the explosion heard in Humboldt, Nebraska.