This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a Project Blue Book Air Intelligence Information Report.

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

1. SOURCE: Capt. L. Robinson, A/2C, USAF
Education: 12 years
Qualifications: Aircraft Dispatcher and Fixed Communications
Current Assignment: Air Training Command

II. RELIABILITY: Source was questioned over the telephone and seemed to be giving a factual and truthful account many of the details that the information received from the SOURCE may be considered fairly reliable.

III. SOURCES DESCRIPTORY OF SIGHTING:
1. On 2 June 1955, at approximately 2300 hours, the weather station at Bryan AFB at the time was clear in the sky to the west and then disappeared in the north. The actual time of the disappearance and reappearance lapsed about 1 1/2 minutes. There was a slight haze in the sky. After about one minute the object reappeared in the north and proceeded to move to the west and then disappeared. There was another two minute time lapse from the last sighting and then the object reappeared.
2. The interval periods between sightings were 60 seconds in duration and the total time of the three sightings was approximately 6 minutes.
3. Object did not stand still at any time and it did not change shape.
4. Grounds stated that the object was about the size of a five cent piece at arm's length.
5. To his knowledge there was no moon on the evening of the sighting. The sun had set some three hours prior to the time of the observation.
6. SOURCE stated the object was definitely not an aircraft, but the object appeared to change brightness at times.
7. The object was cylindrical in shape and flying in a clockwise-circular flight path at about thirty thousand (30,000) feet.
8. SOURCE stated the night was WARM, dry and about seventy-five (75) degrees Fahrenheit in temperature. The wind seemed to be about five to ten knots in a southerly direction.
10. Object was flying over the Air Force Base and did not pass in front or behind anything.