The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcribed from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: LIAISON OFFICER
SUBJECT: 3-M-460-M 1225
PLACE: BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
REPORT NO: 33-UFO-8-35
PAGE: TWO OF 9 PAGES

Enclosure 3 to Part Two
Newspaper Article Taken From the Baltimore Sun
THERE DID EXIST PAIR DROP CRASH:
Pipe That Crashed Through Roof Is Oil Plant Puzzle
A pipe that crashed through the roof of a home in Baltimore was the subject of a special investigation by Air Force officials. The pipe did not come from any aerial object or crash. It was a pipe that was being used at an American oil company plant and it became dislodged and crashed through the roof of a home. There is no indication that this incident is connected in any way to the reported sightings of unidentified flying objects in the area.
The official who is manager of the American Oil Company office in the "200 block" said he showed the chunk of mysterious metal to police in the Southern district, and they said it was the pipe that had been used at the plant and had broken off.
Inclusion in Part Two, the Baltimore News-Post, Tuesday, May 10, 1955:
PARTS OF FLYING SAUCER
Mystery Surrounds Object from Oil Plant Roof

Perhaps there are parts of a flying saucer, police speculated today as they continued their investigation of a metal object that crashed through the roof of the American Oil Company plant in the 3,300 block of Boston Street last night.
The object, which appeared to be about two feet long, was discovered in the rear yard of the plant this morning, but the investigation is not progressing as rapidly as the police had hoped.
The object was cold when it crashed through the roof and didn't hurt anyone. The investigation continues, but the investigator said he didn't know what it was. He said they were trying to get it together to see what it is, but didn't have any idea. He did say that, whatever it was, it didn't come from the sky - somehow.
"Investigators" said it looked like the two should fit together, but they wouldn't venture to say what it was.

UNCLASSIFIED