There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image provided. The image shows a page of text from an old UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

New Mexico, a farmer reported that he saw something strike a mountainside and caused a disturbance to what it was doing' suddenly'became visible in a circle all around that place, and would let nobody in for five days. Finally they came up with a platform made with aluminum foil on a little' radar target-- and they said this was it-- believe it or not. There have been many others like I don't know whether there's any truth in them.

Q - Why don't they grab more often these they are seen so frequently?

A - Dr. Hermann Oberth, the father of the German Rocket Society, and certainly one of the world's great rocket scientists, said one day last year, "I am confident that they operate by distorting the gravitational field." Nine days later Dr. Oberth made the front pages nationwide, and I shall remember what he said about not wanting to make any public statements. But I've had other physicists tell me the same thing. If that proves to be correct, then it would be impossible for them to be subjects to the law of gravity. Of course, they might still collide with something. I have a feeling that that has probably happened sometimes, but I've never come across those things you certainly wouldn't find us finding out.

Q - Why doesn't the government want people to know about this?

A - I suspect they're afraid of hysteria. There was an example of that, you know, in that 1938 broadcast of Orson Welles. I'll have to admit that I was one of those who was so gullible to believe that that thing was invading New Jersey and St. Louis, and everything else. And I jumped up and I grabbed the phone and I called WHAS, and fortunately I got hold of an engineer, and he said, "Don't worry, and this is just a dramatic re-enactment of Wells's 'War of the Worlds'," and we're catching you know what about it!

Q - How is the government able to keep saucer sightings quiet?

A - There are only these press services, and they are still dependent on the Pentagon and other government agencies for their big stories. So it's very easy to bribe them into silence -- or "swill their co-operation". Anyone who gets out of line won't get any more scoops.

Q - Have there been sightings in Europe?

A - Yes, that's true, the sightings in Europe have been more numerous than those in this country. In October 1954, for example, the sightings in France, Italy, and Spain reached a point that almost had to mass panic. People were reporting little green men by the hundreds.

Q - Are the European governments also keeping their investigations secret?

A - They definitely are. In fact, the British Government announced a year ago that it would not make any public statement on the findings of its investigations, and on the same day it issued orders to all military personnel not to discuss the subject and not to make public any reports.