There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows an "Air Intelligence Information Report" from the United States Air Force regarding an unidentified flying object sighting.

TEXT OUTPUT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

AF FORM 112--PART II
APPROVED t JUNE 1952

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT No. 21-USOB-5-33 PART ONE

I. SOURCE: Everett W oolum, T/Sgt. USAF
Address: Det. 2, Weather Squadron, Bryan AFB, Texas
Age: 25
Occupation: Weather Forecaster
Education: 13 years
Qualifications: Weather Observer, Forecaster and Meteorologist
Station: Air Training Command, Bryan AFB, Bryan, Texas

I-B. RELIABILITY: SOURCE was questioned on the telephone as to physical features, ability to observe and ability to report intelligently. The information given by source has been verified by the investigator as far as is possible from the fields of weather and technical matters. In the opinion of the investigator, it would be difficult to establish the complete reliability of the source.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:

Last night at approximately 22450C, the observer noticed an object from observer tower located directly in front of him. The object was flying at an estimated speed of five hundred (500) to six hundred (600) miles per hour. Object was oval in shape and estimated to be two hundred (200) to two hundred and fifty (250) feet in diameter. Object was silver in color and shinny. Object maintained a steady (30) degree elevation. Object then reappeared in the southeast quadrant forty-five (45) seconds later and maintained a northerly course. Object was last sighted in the northwest at an approximate elevation of seventy (70) degrees and then disappearing at an approximate elevation of ten (10) degrees. Object would disappear for a ten (10) minute period of time and then reappear. Object was flying in a counter-clockwise circular flight path. Total elapsed time of sighting was thirty (30) minutes. Object was sighted at different intervals of time.

4-B. The observer did not attempt to make any action to change brightness, size, or speed of the object. The object was very clear and solid, similar to that of an aircraft with no apparent distinguishing features.

5. The observer was definite in his statements that the object did not make any sudden or abrupt maneuvers, nor did it leave any trail of smoke or fire.