The image does not contain any photographs. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Flight 3-11, 16027 AISS

SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE REPORT:

1. The CAA Tower at Harbor Field, Maryland (George GJPK 2315) was called for information on the UFOB. According to the controller on duty, he had noticed nothing unusual in the surrounding sky. In his opinion had any of the pilots sighting had noticed anything unusual in the surrounding sky. In his opinion had any of the pilots sighting reported it to the control tower, a later check with this installation to determine whether any blips or disturbance had been picked up. 

2. A check with the Air Traffic Control Tower at Friendship Field (George GJPK 2312) yielded substantially the same results, usually that they had received no confirmation of any unusual flying object in the vicinity of Baltimore.

3. The Baltimore Filtration Center was found to have been responsible for submission of data on the 3-11-55 case to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Virginia, which prepared the preliminary report. All observers of the object had called in to the Filter Center to report the sighting.

4. Operations, GFRC, were contacted and this installation reported that in addition to the File (21) an F-86 had been airborne in the general area on that date. Permission to continue practice GIC-GCI recoveries was granted and it continued on 07/03/55, practicing GCI-GCI recoveries west and north of the city, and landed again at Andrews AFB at 09/0375.

5. A check with the PIO, Operations at Andrews AFB revealed the following information concerning the flying objects sighted on 3-11-55. That four F-2, and 3 F-86 aircraft were airborne from Andrews AFB, Maryland (George GJPK 2015) on this date. Generally, that from 10:18 to 13:28hours EST on 07/03/55, these pilots were maneuvering in the area east and west of Baltimore while practicing TIS and running intercepts before landing again at Andrews AFB at 14:00 hours. Lens of the pilots from any of these aircraft had reported anything sighting which blinks on and off or show other unusual maneuvers.

6. The US Weather Bureau at Friendship Field was contacted and the officer on duty stated that his station is no longer an Air Force installation and since has no further information on this incident. 

7. The Weather Station at Ft. Meade, Maryland, (George GJPK 1607) was called but insufficient data could be obtained on either the 8th or 9th of September.

8. Contact with the Air Research and Development in Baltimore and Friendship Field revealed that AERO activity in this area is entirely administrative, not operational.

9. The J-750GC OCS in Baltimore, which controls the operation of the Filter Center and the Baltimore APS, reported the activities of its personnel on duty offered the utmost assistance to the ARIS investigator conducting the follow-up investigation.