The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

4002D AIR BASE SQUADRON 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
CAMPBELL AIR FORCE BASE
Fort Campbell, Kentucky

The following statement was given to me by Major John E. Albert on 26 September 1957:

On about August 22, 1955, about 9 A. M., I heard a news broadcast concerning an incident at Kelly Station, approximately six miles North of Hopkinsville. At the time I heard this news broadcast, I was at Gracey, Kentucky on my way to Campbell Air Force Base, where I am assigned for reserve training. I called the Air Base and asked them if they had heard anything about an unidentified flying saucer report. They stated that they had not and it was suggested that as long as I was close to the area, that I should determine if there was anything to this report. I immediately drove to the scene at... Station and located the home belonging to a Mrs.... (A copy of Mrs... statement is attached to this report.)

Deputy Sheriff Batts was at the scene where this supposedly flying saucer had landed and he could not show any evidence that any object had landed in the vicinity. There was nothing to show that there was anything to prove this incident.  

Mrs... was an impoverished widow woman who had grown up in this small community just outside of Hopkinsville, with very little education. She belonged to the Holy Roller Church and the night and evening of this occurrence, had gone to a religious meeting and she indicated that the members of her family and some friends of her sons', were also at this religious meeting and were worked up into a frenzy, becoming very emotionally unbalanced and that after the religious meeting, they had discussed this article which she had heard about over the radio and sent for from the Kingdom Publishers, Fort Worth, Texas and they had sent her this article with a picture which appeared to be a little man when it actually was a monkey. This article had to be returned to Mrs... as she stated it was her property. However, a copy of the writing is attached to this statement and if it is necessary, a photograph can be obtained from the above mentioned publishers.

It is my opinion that the report of Mrs... of her son's encounter with two persons, either they caused by one of two reasons. Either they did see what they thought was a little man and at the time, there was a circus in the area and a monkey might have escaped, giving the appearance of a small man. Two, that this article, showing the picture of the small man, emotionally unbalanced this religious group and caused the incident.