The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or memorandum discussing UFO research and cases submitted to the UFO Research Council.

Memorandum for Mr. Ardler
SUBJECT: Brief on UFO Research Council and Courses of Action

1. On 3 February 1956, the UFO Research Council, which through channels (Sherman Adams, Gen. Kelly, etc.) had approved by Gen. Bedell Smith on 30 January 1957, took certain action.

2. A number of cases in dossier form, were submitted to ATIC by this organization. A reply was expected and a determination made as to whether these cases should be studied or explained, and a reply as to the results would be given to this group.

3. This matter was brought to the undersigned's attention recently by a letter from Mr. Edwin G. Nance, 1956, indicating that a response was made (letter attached). A check with Dr. Hynek stated a few weeks ago (prior to receipt of Mr. Nance) that to the best of his knowledge, it was determined that no action of any kind has been taken on this matter.

4. Dr. Hynek stated a few weeks ago (prior to receipt of Mr. Nance) that this organization was one of the most responsible groups and that it was possible that this matter, if determined to be of sufficient consequence, would normally result in special attention or action, as necessary.

5. For your information and background, and to save you the trouble of reviewing the large mass of data of each case, the following is a brief summary of the cases submitted to ATIC by the council in February of this year:

Sighting: 22 October 1955
Location: Cleveland, Ohio area over 105th St.
Object: Circular, bright orange glow, 500 feet off the ground. Bright, and lights in front were observed shining from the bottom or underside.

Sighting: 23 October 1955
Location: 4712 Euclid Road
Time: 7:15 P.M.
Object: Larger, wide as average house. Made a gruff course noise. Somewhat spherical in shape. Row of yellow lights. Tree-top height.

Sighting: Late July or early August (date indefinite) 1955
Location: North of Mulberry Corner, Ohio (Lat. 20°S 30'G)
Object: Size described as larger than house, and "six feet, circular in shape, and light in color. Two beings, approximately three feet in height, were observed through one of the openings in the craft." The craft appeared to be hovering about ten feet from the ground when it drifted away.