The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

Transcribed text from the document:

"Toward the ground, but this object followed a horizontal trajectory. Meteoric speeds are so fast that ordinary cameras will not stop their motion. Even astronomical cameras are not capable of this. (Photographs of meteors merely show a straight line on the film.) Also, the observer states that all witnesses watched the object for a long time in order to get a good look at it and photograph it. In such a length of time any meteoric or missile-type flight would be over. Also, the object disappeared as soon as it had been fully photographed, if it were a meteor, it would only appear as a thin, white line and not a blue-white disk.

Division of a spherical photographic is still underway. A vision photo expert has informed TRC that, in his opinion, the object in the nighttime photographs shows no indication of being some kind of space craft, nor any pattern of emission or combustion that would be characteristic of spaceships. This leads us to the conclusion that the strange trail or tail could be due to some peculiar atmospheric condition.

At any rate, the photograph remains one of the most perplexing and seemingly authentic on record.

Mr. Eugene Metcalf of Paris, Illinois, has reported to TRC complete particulars on the sighting of March 9, 1955. This sighting, as told by Mr. Metcalf, is as follows: 'On March 9, 1955, at approximately 5:50 p.m., I witnessed the 'blue-capping' of a jet plane while standing in my backyard at home in Paris, Illinois. The plane was coming toward me from the southwest at a very high speed. As it approached, a bright gleam seemed to come from behind the plane and just swallowed it up. The object had shown itself for only a split second, but while going through the blue-capping it pulsated or churned up and down, then it seemed to whirl and lifted upwards, continuing the blue-capping maneuver. When the plan came out from the blue-capping, it was going in the opposite direction. The UFOs were in perfect view and stood out clearly against the sky. The object was a bright silver and I heard no noise. I heard no noise. The object was a bright silver and I heard no noise.'

OTHER TONGUES - OTHER FLESH... This new book by George Williamson will be off the press any day now and is being published by Ray Palmer of the Amherst Press ($4.00). It's a science book, lavishly illustrated with photographs and halftones. Some 36 pages. It was first published in 1952. It attempts to make one 'picture' out of all UFO experiences. This book will give you an entirely new idea of man's existence!

Order directly from TRC!"