There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing textual information.

(4) Duration of observation
Here there is an excess of KNOWNS in the less-than-5-second group. Again, the majority of KNOWNS in this group are astronomical. The greater proportion of UNKNOWNS in the 6-30 second to 5-minute groups cannot be explained.

(5) Speed
The major contribution to chi square for this characteristic is due to a large excess of UNKNOWNS in the over 400-mph class. It can be assumed that some of the excessive speeds are inaccuracies in estimates by observers. However, some radar sightings, which are precisely impossible to identify, show objects with speeds of 1,000 to 2,000 mph and over, and these reports account for a number of these UNKNOWNS.

(6) Light brightness
Since this chi square was not significant, it is not necessary to discuss it here.
An examination of these discrepancies thus brings up a very interesting point. In every case for which there is a significant excess of KNOWNS over UNKNOWNS, the excess can be attributed to an excess of identifiable astronomical phenomena. This would seem to lead to the conclusion that the astronomical phenomena are easy to identify and there are very few left in the UNKNOWNS. Accordingly, the astronomical object sightings were deleted from the KNOWNS object sightings and the Chi Square Test was again applied. The results are shown in Tables VIII through XIII, where in this case the KNOWNS do not contain astronomical sightings.
It will be noted that some groups were combined when the adjusted number of KNOWNS was so small as to preclude a meaningful comparison. The number of objects per sighting was the characteristic studied. These were combined to obtain a good combination of groups existed.
It is apparent that the deletion of astronomical sightings gives a better fit, although the decision is not clear cut, since for two cases (light brightness and speed), the chi square increased. However, it can again be pointed out that the reporting of these two characteristics is highly subjective and is open to question. The estimation of speed is especially open to question because of the impossibility of accurately determining it visually.