The image does not contain any photographs, but it does include a block of text that appears to be a UFO news report. I will proceed to transcribe the text found in the document.

EXCERPT FROM TETONS REPORT
It is possible so that our world could know we have powerful friends from the heavens above - - friends who are here and all men!
We were young men in a big city - the biggest in the world. We saw things that could not have been done by any differences to the thought power of man. Did they actually pick up our thoughts through the use of telepathy, or did they use highly developed remote controlled mechanisms? We didn't know the answer to that, but it was the most incredible thing! 
The UFO PATROL NETWORK will be very active this Fall when Mars comes close to Earth once again. You amateurs astronomers and radio operators get together and do all in your power to contact the giant visitors. This is the psychological time, so listen for your contact. 
No matter where you live - a big city, industrial area, small village, farming community, desert or mountain top - - the LIGHT WILL BE SEEN!
CAN HEAR YOU!
A. V. Dainard / August 25

UFO News Report
By THOMAS M. COMELLA

EXCLUSIVE-TWO STUDIES A MAGAZINE COLOR PHOTO OF UFO!
TRC is now examining one of the most conclusive UFO photographs ever taken! It is not photographic distortion or double exposure in these pictures, but the fact that the UFO involved is shown on a color Kodachrome slide.
The photographer was talking with his parents at an approximate time of 9:30 p.m. and about 50 feet from the camera. Model B, 35 mm. with him. Suddenly, approaching from the south, all saw a brilliant glowing object. It moved toward the north and followed a horizontal trajectory. At its nearest point to the observers, the photograph was taken but not too large in the frame. Since the object was observed to be relatively small, it was generally agreed that the film probably would show nothing. However, when the slide was returned from the processing laboratory, there was the image of a bluish-white dot when it was observed with the unaided eye. The dot was about the size of a clear beebee when seen through a magnifying glass. The shape of the object was definitely disc-shaped with a surrounding blue aura. The observers heard or saw nothing except the brilliant light in the sky. After studying the photo for a period of time, it is realized that the actual known object that could account for such a minute image is now on any meteorologically known records. However, meteors usually burn out in full view of the observer, but this object didn't. Also, meteors follow curved trajectories and this object was observed to fly a horizontal course.