The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically an "Air Intelligence Information Report" dated 28-UGB-7-55.

Transcription of the text in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Flight 3-H, 46028 AIMS                                                                     28-UGB-7-55                                                                            Part Three
SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE EFFORTS:
1. Mr. (redacted) GJJ-2520, with the Air Traffic Control Center at Washington National Airport, was contacted. He stated that the sighting referred to in the 25 August UFOB sighting report originated at the US Weather Bureau at the Washington National Airport. The Weather Bureau had only made observations of the sighting.
2. Mr. (redacted), assigned to the US Weather Bureau at the Washington National Airport, was contacted. He stated that his office had only made observations of the sighting and had forwarded a report thereon to the 1401st Air Base Wing officials at Andrews AFB who called his office for weather data at the time of the sighting.
3. Andrews AFB Operations and Weather (GCdr GJJ-2918) was contacted but had no information or records in regard to the 23 August CB sighting.
4. Bolling AFB Operations and Weather (GCdr GJN-5357) likewise offered no confirmation or information regarding the 23 August sighting.
5. The Assistant Chief of Meteorological Observations, US Weather Bureau, Washington, D.C., was contacted by telephone. He stated: 1) That weather balloons are launched every six hours by the US Weather Service. 2) That these balloons can give an accurate account of other meteorological phenomena contained in the upper atmosphere, i.e. a magneto ball or an auto-rotating disc, and 3) That the sighting in question could be accounted for as a weather phenomenon and would be ascertained within 10-12 minutes.
6. The Director of the Silver Hill Weather Station, Mr. Arpone, disclosed that a second balloon was launched from the premises on 23 August 1955 at 10:00 EST. It had travelled in a north-easterly direction (toward Arlington, Virginia). Arlington officials have been notified, and increasing according to the general rate of ascent, it would have reached an approximate altitude of 95,000 feet.
7. The US Naval Observatory, Washington, D.C., was contacted by telephone but had no information regarding the sighting in question. Observation through the telescope has sometimes shown objects high in the atmosphere which might produce this impression. Since they have been unable to confirm the exact nature of these objects, they are at a loss to explain the sighting in question.