There is no photograph present in the image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

Now I was really concerned. In less than two seconds the UFO had vanished over the coast of Siberia, some 300 miles away. It must have been traveling at the fantastic speed of more than 1,000 miles a second. The Korean War was over but our relations with the Soviet Union were still tense, and I wondered if the object might be Russian missile on reconnaissance. I kept my eyes glued to the point where the saucer had disappeared and suddenly a couple of minutes later, it shot back toward the plane, more brilliantly than before.

You can perhaps imagine my relief when I suddenly realized what the object was, and at the same time realized that I had hit on the answer to a great many flying-saucer reports of a similar nature. Only someone familiar with the constellations could have identified the object. It was a mirage of Sirius, the brightest star in the heavens, actually slightly below the horizon at this time, but the bending of the light had raised the image above the horizon and had diffused the beam into the saucer form. The flashing and the apparent structure, including the pulsing properties, resulted from distortion by the earth's atmosphere.

"But why had the image taken off at first?" it did, and then rushed back?The moving plane of course was continually changing position relative to the ground features. A mirage peak on the distant horizon had briefly come between the plane and the star, obscuring the light. The light was cut off all at once, however. This abrupt disappearance, as though it were being switched away, seemed to give it the effect of zooming off. This temporary barrier also explained the sudden stops and starts and the tremendous acceleration the object seemed to make at the instant it appeared. The large atmospheric lens was simply focusing the light of the star in the general direction of the plane and thus it was centered with my eye. That is why the object seemed to duplicate the motions of the plane.

I watched the object for several minutes after its return. I was able to set full confirmation of this identification when the star rose over the western horizon. It rose in the west because the upward motion of the plane more than compensated for the westward motion caused.