The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

AF FORM 112—PART II
UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FIGHT 3R, 46024 AIRS
I. SOURCE: Anne Chamberlin (Mrs.)
Address: 2740 Ludwig Street, Penbrook, Pennsylvania
AGE: 42
Occupation: Housewife
Qualifications: Received 600 hours (4$ years), auxiliary police-woman during war.
II. INVESTIGATION: Viewed concerning her sightings of UFOB's to determine her reliability. Mrs. Chamberlin stated that she was to determine the time and duration of the sightings and described them as round, glowing objects about 50-60 feet in diameter. She stated further that she is an observer of the Ground Observer Corps and that the objects she has observed resembled the fighting lights as those sometimes seen in high altitude flights. She stated that she had been alone when observations were made but that other observers during periods of observation could not apparently confirm her observations. During entire conversations Mrs. Chamberlin was calm and cooperative and described objects to be of metal type, emitting multi-colored lights, and circular in shape. SUBJECT continued to emphasize her desire to be cooperative and of her patriotic desire to assist in the Air Force operations as a SOURCË continued to emphasize her desire to be cooperative and of her patriotic desire to assist in the Air Force operations as a member of the Ground Observer Corps and because of these factors and lack of technical background.
2/33: Arthur J. Brays, AF 19 387 462, Det. 4, 6670th AISS, Harrisburg, Pa. was telephonically interviewed and stated that he is USAF supervisor of Mrs. Chamberlin and believes Mrs. Chamberlin to be sincere, however she observed very few sightings and these were occasional and brief. It was therefore 2g Brays' opinion that Mrs. Chamberlin's reliability as an observer would be rated as poor and that she was never able to observe or verify such sightings. It was therefore 2/Lt Brays' opinion that the reliability of Mrs. Chamberlin in these matters would be rated as poor.