The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report about an Air Intelligence Information report.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. IO-30J-5S
PACE 2 OF 9

I. SOURCE:
Address: Mira Loma, California.
Age: 25 yrs.
Occupation: Raiffleman in a canning factory and odd shift ground observer.
Education: Completed High School and a Radio-Electronics Course in a Technical School.
Qualifications: Member of the Ground Observer Corps.

II. RELIABILITY: The reliability of this source is evaluated to be good as he has a background of military training and understanding of speed and distance concepts as an ex-member of the Ground Observer Corps. Nothing in his statements was judged to be unreliable.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: Source was on duty at the Glen Avon Airport, Mira Loma, California, on 30 June 1955. The night was dark, dry and clear, with many stars visible. At approximately 2005 hrs, he observed in the western sky about 30 degrees above the horizon a bright light which was moving rapidly from east to west at an elevation of about 35 degrees. The object appeared to be a true light, as it did not flicker or change shape. It moved with a steady velocity and disappeared from view after about five seconds. The object did not appear to make any erratic movements, nor change shape or flicker.

B. The object appeared to be solid and did not move; behind anything but source was not sure if it moved in front of anything. The source insisted that he could see the earth's flat contour and distinguish the objects elevation against that of the horizon. (Source was wearing glasses).

C. Source's opinion of object's size ranged from that of a quarter to that of a quarter-dollar. It continued its course at the same elevation throughout its brief period of visibility. This elevation was maintained during the complete sighting.

The source stated that at one time before he had witnessed a similar sighting, but was fairly certain this was not a star. He advised that the object was definitely not a satellite, as it was not a star.