The image does not contain a photograph. The text in the document states the following:

"donce that strong sunlight is not encountered on their planets, or that their habits of life is unrecognized. One of the hard-to-believe feature of the case is that bullets (from a shotgun and a .22 pistol), fired by good marksmen at short range, crossed and so on (according to their belief) could achieve no permanent damage, but only a temporary discomfiture. (Of course--and this is a point that just occurred to me--such "brushing off" the bullets (as sure silver bullets!) Another incredible point, psychologically this time, is that in spite of reserving a very conspicuous hostile reception, they persisted for hours in besieging the farmhouse, even coming up to the screened windows and putting their hands upon the screen.
These hands, borne on arms so long that they almost reached the ground, were large, claw-like, and rubbery. There can be no doubt (about this, because of the behavior mentioned above, which gave at least some of the witnesses a chance to observe the details in question.) that they were humanoid to the point of looking like chimnanzees. One account says they had no thumbs--this is again almost incredible.
The ears were enormous, and movable, like little elephant ears. (Suggesting a kind atmosphere: &/or disguise; rather than a predatory carnivore.) One account says that when they were sighted at (which probably was painful so intensively increased, for) they were luminous (like many of the persons animals), though not phosphorescent, as nervous had it. Only yellow flash (diminished or by reflection?) of the great eyes had a greenish cast.
The drawings all depict an apparently nude creature (lacking sexual organs, however), but the skin appeared metallic, so that some close-fitting garments may have concealed.
The feet were not like ours. One account says they resembled suction cups. They drew no well except footprints "They were not at all clear, possibly because mostly in the grass."
It is certain that the creatures can counteract gravitation. Thus they "flickered" gliding, much as we do under water. This, their ability to leap into trees, or onto the roof, does not imply powerful muscles. For on occasions a bizarre home position, as claws and a large body torso, appeared to be well-muscled in their own right.
The mouth was a wide slit. The nose none uncertain. The cranium was formidable, and totally bald. They uttered no sound.
They appeared to react suddenly on invasion. When approaching the house they generally raised their arms in the air. though this was apparently a rather theatrical gesture. Yet it can well imagine, through which, that the effect was alarming, even one supposes that it was meant as a signal of peace-full intentions. Once one was on a little stoop over two door when one of the creatures suddenly appeared, he battened down his hair (?). He patted his head, but drew back at once. This was often he had been."