The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

(12) Case XII. The object had windows in its top and front and its top midsection. It also had a set of propellers around its waist.

It is not possible, therefore, to derive a verified model of a "flying saucer" from the data that have gathered to date. This point is important enough to emphasize. Out of about 4,000 people who said they saw a "flying saucer", sufficiently detailed descriptions were given in only 12 cases. Having culled the cream of the crop, it is still impossible to develop a picture of what a "flying saucer" is.

In addition to this study of the good UNKNOWNS, an attempt was made to find groups of UNKNOWNS for which the observed characteristics were the same. On the basis of this evidence, therefore, there is a low probability that any of the UNKNOWNS represented observations of a class of "flying saucers". It may be that some reports represent observations of not one but several classes of objects that might have been "flying saucers"; however, the lack of evidence to confirm even one class would seem to make this possibility remote. It is pointed out that some of the cases of UNKNOWNS, before identification, appeared fully as bizarre as any of the 12 cases of good UNKNOWNS, and in fact, would have placed in the class of good UNKNOWNS had it not been possible to establish their identity.

This is, of course, contrary to the bulk of the publicity that has been given this problem. The reason for this nature of this publicity was clearly brought out during the re-evaluation study. It is a definite fact that upon reading a few reports, the reader becomes convinced that "flying saucers" are real and are some form of sinister contrivance. This reaction is independent of the training of the reader. So keen was this attitude toward the "flying saucers" that some of the articles, books, and news stories dealing with the phenomenon of the "flying saucers" were written by men who were in this category, that is, men who had read only a few selected reports. This is accounted for by the fact that, as a rule, only the more lurid sounding reports are cited in these publications. Were it not for this common psychological tendency to be captivated by the mysterious, it is possible that no problem of this nature would exist.

The reaction, mentioned above, that after reading a few reports, the reader is convinced that "flying saucers" are real and are some form of sinister contrivance, is very misleading. As more and more of the reports are read, and is replaced by a feeling of skepticism regarding their existence. The reader eventually reaches a point of saturation, after which the reports contain no new information, and is replaced by a feeling of skepticism regarding their existence. This attitude is replaced by a feeling of skepticism regarding their existence. The reader eventually reaches a point of saturation, after which the reports contain no new information, and is replaced by a feeling of skepticism regarding their existence.