The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

Text from the document:

"But as to his being deluged with flying saucer mail, I can only say to you that it was one of the smallest deluges in history. I asked my audience one night how many of them had received flying saucer reports and there were about five or six handed. Now, that is not becoming difficult. The wire has been going over 5000 letters - and I have had none personally. At the AFB building, in my office, all that came in was 2 letters and the other's were from from Mr. Henry.

He said also that we were not particularly interested in flying saucer reports unless they were something to do with his job. His reports have indicated however that in the past, on one or two occasions, people have run to him when they thought they saw a flying saucer over Dayton.

The first is a very strange thing that happened on August 21st last year and this happened that same time to people in that local police protection area, some for once it was carried by the press wires - I suppose just because they might treat it as ridiculous that I may remember the stories were about "little green men" who were reported to have come out of the skies in that neighborhood, and a little house that they ought to be green.

In the middle of the night, several people rushed from a local farm house in the little village, village to make northward to the police protection saucer that had been. These goblin-like creatures from a flying saucer who had been wondering them for three hours or more and finally vanished from the house. As it came closer, they saw it was some thing something like a little man, and next door with a huge head and enormous long arms who kept coming up to the house and the man kept shooting at them as they appeared to be friendly, but they never seemed to be wounded. It mere a discrepancy in their story from two days and finally, about 11 o'clock, the terrified family piled into the car and with no further notice or bravery less but they never seemed to be wounded.

Actually, there were only three sightings at that time. TY was murdering the past. Due to the programs that were growing a unequal, or program came to be one of the three. But I was working 12 to 14 hours a day to get the job done. I had to write so much at the beginning. I seem to have hardly any time for anything else. In the long run, it was probably a good thing - I'm certainly not going to have to be attached to anything I says I decide what I'm going to use, and how I'm going to use it."