The image does not contain any photograph. 

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FLIGHT 3-H, 45024 AISS
REPORT NO: 28-CB-7-59

PART FOUR

COMMENTS OF THE PREPARING OFFICER:
1. It is the opinion of the Preparing Officer that the 23 August 1955 sighting of a UFO in the Arlington, Va. area was caused by misinterpreting the sighting of a single balloon observed for a considerable time, which then took on characteristics resembling those of a flying object. This conclusion is based on the following:

a. The general appearance the first object is clearly observed suggests a change in color and size during the observation, which is indicative of an optical effect rather than a true change in the object itself.
b. The fact that the object remained relatively stationary over the area for an extended period of time, approximately 10-15 minutes, and was observed to traverse only a small portion of the sky, is not consistent with the characteristics of a true flying object.
c. The fact that the object was observed to be traveling in the direction of the prevailing wind tends to indicate that it was a balloon rather than a controlled flying object.

Also, this balloon which was within ten to twelve minutes after launching could have.been touched for at least two minutes by the observers on the ground possessing 8X10 binoculars.

2. The apparent changing pattern high above the city could easily have created the apparent directional changing phenomenon, which, if accompanied by a reflection or refraction effect from the object, might have accentuated the appearance of a controlled or directed type object.

3. In conclusion, it is the opinion of the Preparing Officer that this sighting can best be explained as the observation of a weather balloon, possibly reflecting or refracting light, and exhibiting characteristics which gave the impression of a controlled or directed type flying object to those unfamiliar with the behavior of such atmospheric phenomena.

CHESTER B. HANSON
Captain, USAF
Officer in Charge

COMMENTS OF APPROVING OFFICER:
1. Further investigation requested of Flight 3-H revealed that radar contacts were made in the Arlington area near the time of the sighting. The initial object apparently showed rapid, close-in, eratic maneuvers characteristic of the characteristics of the first object as a true balloon. This latter conclusion as to the origin and behavior of the phenomena would be consistent with the officer being unfamiliar with celestial activity, such as a reflection, which might create the mind's acquaintance with such observed phenomena.

2. This report is forwarded to ATIC as "UNKNOWNS".