The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing Project Blue Book and various topics related to UFO sightings and reports.

Transcribed text from the document:

A - I have in my possession a set of prints which Mr. Adamski sent me about three years ago. And having been a photographer for 30 years it didn't take me more than 30 minutes to see that these pictures were not exactly what he claimed they guided.
Q - Do you judge Adamski entirely by his photographs?
A - No, I've read his books. I wouldn't, as a newspaperman, report the things that he reports without having some evidence other than he's able to supply. And I regard his pictures as being on a par with his prose.
Q - What is your opinion on the experiences of Daniel Fry, Truman Bethurum, and Orfeo Angelucci? Do you believe them?
A - I wouldn't want to stand up here and say I don't believe the gentlemen. Would say this, if they can establish in a scientific way something that has never been established before, then their statement at the present time I would be inclined to consider their stories as slightly incredible at least from a reporter's standpoint.
Q - Why don't the saucers land openly?
A - If we're going to another planet, and I think we're doing that, that we'll never know people, somehow - and we found it to be inhabited by people - and these saucers are reported as doing the same thing, they could do just exactly what the people here, the natives, say we would do it in an extremely isolated place. We would then draw them out to see how fast they could fly away, and how high and so forth, and take the next step. The thing, though, that maybe we're reconsidering, it's something that we ought to policy. That policy might not be the same as the policy they ought to have.
Q - During the years that you have been studying flying saucer reports, have you noticed any changes in their reported appearance or behavior?
A - Yes, there's one thing I think has changed since 1947. As man develops more and as technology improves, the sightings are becoming more frequent. But it's in the pattern of lights on them, but after that, to the best of my knowledge, they have all been witnessed pretty much the same. That is, the pilots seem to be able to see them and avoid collisions. Whether that's intentional or not I don't know, but it looks like an intentional maneuvering and that's the thing that has changed has been the manner in which the government has treated the subject with increased secrecy as the years go by.
Q - Might the frequency of sightings since 1947 have something to do with atomic explosions?
A - Yes, I feel that there may be some significance in that; perhaps somebody saw these blast flashes and came in to see what was going on. We think we're accomplishing something similar on Mars and we'd like to know what's going on there.
A - Will the rockets the U.S. is testing now be the answer to space travel?