The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains text but no photograph.

Text from the document:

THE MYSTERY AT MEDICINE BOW PEAK

While the latest confirmed UFO sightings are frequent and come under investigation, the three mysterious sightings reported here defy complete explanation. While most of the UFO reports can be accounted for by conventional causes, others still remain a mystery. In this case, we cannot blame them all on the U.S.O.'s while these cases are due to operational causes, these curious findings did occur nonetheless.

The plane is described as a round, glowing object, silver gray in color, traveling at an extremely high rate of speed which evades certain sections of the sky in a zigzag manner. A little curious about the increase in reports today, causing a little concern among the populance and government officials. And while we cannot deny the facts as presented here, there is little reason to believe this particular instance is conclusiive. Other explanations such as the incident could have been merely a hoax or misidentification also seem plausible. For analysis, the available evidence, although limited, does not conclusively prove or disprove the existence, known to date, we return to Herbert E. Clark. Jr. who will be informed in the field 6 aviation.

Clark merely points out some of the unexplained features in the incident and the case remains unresolved at this time. There is a very interesting background surrounding the disaster as detailed reports indicate the plane was a routine military flight on a clear, moonlight night. The S.A.C. flying 200 miles away reports indicate the plane was on normal flying operation. However, the sightings of the UFO's occurred at about the same time and place. The crew members at the time were contradictory. The reports indicate a tremendous speed but the plane was making a normal landing upon arrival. 

The complete and impartial knowledge of this terrain, the plane had full radio communication, and nothing unusual was noted by the pilot or crew. The plane was also sighted by ground observers which sends signals to range stations. When such stations are notified, they can obtain fixes on the plane's position.

There are three reports that the DC-3 plane was seen by residents of the area - Larson, Laramie and Collins. Clark concludes "Where so much cannot be explained and the circumstances point to the possibility of an INCIDENT rather than a crash, it would be unwise to accept many of the hasty explanations that have been advanced. The plane may well have been influenced by some phenomena unknown to the present and only the further collection and study of evidence can shed light on the mystery."