The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "INDEX OF TABLES (Continued)" that lists various tables related to the evaluation of UFO sightings by duration of sighting, shape of object, and other attributes.

INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)
Table A110. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A111. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A112. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months 
Table A113. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A114. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A115. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A116. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A117. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A118. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A119. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A120. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A121. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A122. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A123. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A124. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A125. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A126. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Elliptical
Table A127. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Rocket and Aircraft
Table A128. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Meteor or Comet
Table A129. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Lenticular, Conical,
or Triangular
Table A130. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Flame
Table A131. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Other Shapes
Table A132. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Shape Not Stated

101