The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" from "Project Blue Book" dated July 13, 1955.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FLIGHT 1-3, 1,6034 ATR38
Enclosures: 2 to Part (nr): 52Originator: AIR
S-T-A-T-I-O-N-S-
While vacationing in Madrid, Spain, I had a very unusual experience. I was sitting in the open-air patio adjoining our room at the Castellana Hilton Hotel. It was about 10:30 PM on the evening of 23 July 1955. Suddenly, I observed a brilliantly illuminated object which appeared to be at a considerable distance in the sky somewhat to the northeast of our position. At first, I thought it was an aircraft, but as I continued to watch the object, I noticed that it was swaying back and forth in a smooth, undulating motion, and no aircraft sounds could be heard. The object was intense white in color, and appeared to be larger than any conventional aircraft. It remained visible for approximately two to three minutes, after which it simply disappeared. I also noticed a smaller, brilliant reddish-orange object just below the larger white object. This smaller object seemed to pulsate or throb in brightness, and it too eventually disappeared. 
I was greatly impressed by this observation, which I first interpreted as a huge saucer-shaped craft of some kind. However, as the seconds passed, I began to realize that what I had observed did not fit the usual description of a "flying saucer" as we know them. Whatever the nature of this object, it was unlike anything I had ever seen before. I have no idea what it could have been, but I am convinced that it was not an aircraft, as we normally envision them.
Automatically, I kept trying to eliminate all possibilities that could explain the brilliant object. The night was clear, and the stars were shining brightly in the 
dark sky. Unless some unknown aircraft had landed and was sitting still, which seems most unlikely, I am at a loss to account for what I saw. This was no meteor or any other known celestial phenomenon. Whatever it was, it defied all explanations within my present knowledge. 
As the object faded away, I continued to strain my eyes in the hope that it might reappear, but it did not. I have searched the Air Force Technical Intelligence Center card file and have been unable to find anything that even remotely resembles the object I saw.
I. Dr. James has reviewed this report and concurs with all opinions expressed. His answer to question #22 follows:
Well, as to the most difficult question that you have asked, is that this, of course, to gain height as arms length defines the size to the sky. If held in a window, looks large; if held at arms length, looks quite small. This of course introduces an element of uncertainty as to the actual size and the actual distance of the object. I can only hope that the photographic evidence, when and if it should come, will help resolve this problem. The phenomenon that you have described, however, is intriguing and calls for further investigation.