There does not appear to be any photograph contained in the provided image. The image shows an old document page from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects. The page appears to contain text describing an investigator's summary regarding a UFO sighting incident.

INVESTIGATORS SUMMARY

Telephone report from the 26th Air Division, Melvin 1J. Healyn, New York and to OOGIPC LEAD, Lackland AFB, concerning a sighting in the metropolitan area at the time of the sighting.

After the interview with the SOURCE, these facts were known to the investigators:

(a) The objects moved in pairs from east to west and west to east; this pattern never changed during the sighting.
(b) The color was similar to that of a light bulb.
(c) Total duration of sighting covered approximately thirty minutes.
(d) The cloud conditions at the time consisted of overcast nimbus and cumulous clouds.

It was logical to assume that the sighting was caused by either
(1) The beams of two power searchlights illuminating one cloud layer, and reflecting on to another, thus giving the impression of four beams.
(2) The beams of four power searchlights operating within reasonable proximity of each other.

A possibility existed that there was a slight error in the SOURCE's estimate of a duration of sighting greater than 39 minutes. The investigators at the time of the interview, noted that the SOURCE was somewhat vague as to the distance and motion of the UFO's.

As a result of this investigation by the Air Technical Intelligence Center, it was concluded that this (presumed) searchlight activity had originated in the Times Square area of New York City where events on sporking events, etc. are prevalent, particularly on Saturday nights, at which time the sighting had occurred.

In a check with the 16th Police Precinct, located at 47th Street, between 5th and 6th Avenues (Roan No. 321, 0131), whose area of jurisdiction includes Times Square, revealed that there was no multiple searchlight activity in their precinct on the night of the 20th of July. The Police Captain in charge advised that the investigation wes carried out enough to have ascertained the accuracy of the information contained in this file, and therefore informed the investigator that only single searchlights were in operation at the time, and the SOURCE was widely scattered throughout the city before hanging up, Mr. Healyn remembered that an associate of his had access to a battery of four searchlights while working on a carnival type event, and that this equipment was made available to the promoters of some outdoor events, and that quite often these four searchlights were in operation at the time of the UFO sighting.