The image does not contain any photograph or illustration. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

27 September 1956

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD

SUBJECT: (U) Case - Attempts to Interview by Dr. Hynek. Report

1. Reference letter from Dr. Hynek, 19 July 1956, relative to a proposed plan for interviewing Mr. Donovan of a case file.

2. In conference between Dr. Hynek and undersigned in Cambridge, Mass., on 13 Sept 1956, Dr. Hynek stated that after receiving no reply to his correspondence, containing the address and phone number given by Mr. _____ on the UFO questionnaires.

3. Dr. Hynek was informed that no one by that name was known at that address.

GEORGE T. GREGORY
Captain, USAF

Colored UFO file said: "I had requested two (2) 8 x 10 colored prints, - One ( 1 ) 3 x 10 colored print, as I indicated to you. Have asked for a photo analysis and comments from our people specifically with regard to the following aircraft, guided missiles or does possibilities:

a. Why the red coloration?
b. Could it be a jet exhaust from a dark colored jet aircraft? (Navy jets, for example, are very dark blue, almost black, moonless night - only the jet exhaust would show).
c. Any indications of any sheath, covering or orifice at the head of this object?

As for the astronomical possibilities, I'm sure the colored prints will be of considerable assistance in determining the nature of the object."

Case (Flying Saucer File): The investigation of this case was planned as two independent investigations. By agreement of the undersigned and the undersigned, Mr. Donovan was to submit the film allegedly used on the occasion and the undersigned was to submit the results of a more-extensive series covering the file a more-detailed manner. The reported sighting was cited by censorship views (either deliberate or accidental) to contest the file.

Telephone calls had to no avail, and it was further learned Mr. Donovan has declined the delivery. Case closed.