The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an Air Intelligence Information Report related to Project Blue Book. 

OCR Text Output:
AT FORM 112 -PART II

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
IT: PEARL ATLO 13-21-55 PAGE 5 OF 6

1. At the 2300 position, the informant reports to the NE was clearly silhouetted against the sky. This mas the same object which was previously reported to have covered a distance of approximately 2 miles in 3 seconds. The informant states that the object appeared to zig-zag in its course and that at times it appeared to be hovering. At one point, the informant reports that the object broke down into a cluster of 4 or 5 smaller objects but that they regrouped and continued on as one object. The object was under observation for approximately 30 minutes, after which time it gradually faded away and disappeared.

2. The technical representative for the possible misorientation of the observed information on the AAT in use can be found.

3. This case compares closely with some recent reports which indicate that pilots of the F-86 had approximately 25 hours total time, while the observers in this case had a total of 12 hours observation time.

4. The pilot's rough estimate of his speed and the time of the actual sighting. For instance a time was approximately 15 minutes for the sightings.

5. As soon as the sighting was on the ground the MGRC of render intelligence assistance was instituted. The decision of the closing was made on the information which was not a record. This condition would have conducted an immediate search operation in which no object was found.

6. The technical representative and the operation of officer of the 32nd Squadron were informed that the sighting was similar to the known system. And it is well, it can now be determined.

16. The information in paragraph 13 of this report is considered for reliability paragraph is qualification a significant reduction in the estimate of the danger of this incident.

17. Enclosures #1 and 2 are attached. This air force release is classified under the provision of AFR 205-1 and is not further classification downgraded or approved for public release.

UNCLASSIFIED