The image appears to contain a document titled "DISPOSITION FORM" from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports. The document discusses an Air Intelligence Information Report and contains details about the vectoring and range data of the target, as well as possible explanations for the reported speed and maneuvers of the target. The document is dated 12 May 1955.

The text in the document is as follows:

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO. 
SUBJECT: Air Intelligence Information Report
FROM: AFCIN-3PF2
TO: Capt Hardin
1. Reference is made to AF Form 112, subject "UPCR", dated 17 May 1955 and originated by the Air Intelligence Office, concerning ATIC Project 10073B.
2. The previous Guidance Laboratory comments on referenced report are as follows:
a. Based on the vectoring and range data contained in the report, a plot indicates that the target showed an erratic course with turns at approximately right angles. Its performance approximated that of modern jet aircraft. During the intercept, the target was executing evasive maneuvers to standard.
b. For a portion of the targets turn to starboard, the interceptor and target were flying approximately parallel (figure 1,D) at about the same velocity. With this speed at 35 degrees overtake and little interaction, the target apparently did not maintain its evasive maneuvers.
c. It is doubtful that the pilots indicator or the RO's scope could be used to accurately measure the 1200 knots reported speed of the target as it was going out in excess. The maximum climb rate that can be observed from the chart shown is 1200 knots closing to 200 knots, indicating that the system should be able to measure range rate from 1200 knots closing to 200 knots.
d. Another possible explanation of the reported speed of the target as it went out in excess, is that the interceptors radar jumped lock. For a short period of time and with a slight malfunction of the system, the radar could appear to be locked on the target actually far behind the radar had jumped lock. Under these conditions a return on the scope could move in such a manner that the RO would believe that the return on the scope could move in such a manner.
e. The reported elevation angles of the target as it was going out in range at 1200 knots are considered to be approximate, as only the approximate elevation of the antenna are indicated by the position of the elevation marker on the indicator. This does not indicate the true elevation angle and a corresponding increase in diving or climbing attitude of the interceptor would result in a corresponding increase or decrease of the elevation angles.

William A. Price
Physicist, Guidance Laboratory

DD FORM 96 REPLACES HIS FORM 95, I OCT. 49, WHICH HAY BE USED. 16-49418-3 U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1954-3-28155