The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing an incident involving a "spectacular flying saucer" that was observed by a scientist who was returning from a mission for the Department of Defense.

Chapter IV
THE SPANGLED HEAVENS: STARS AND PLANETS

Shortly before dawn on March 3, 1955, a spectacular flying saucer appeared over Alaska. The witness, a scientist who had the rank of Commander in the United States Navy, was returning from the North Pole on the daily Air Force Harian weather flight. His mission had been to study the effect of the aurora on radio propagation, for the Department of Defense. He described his experience as follows:

A Mirage of Sirius

"We were flying southwest of Point Barrow, Alaska, not far from the Bering Strait, en route to Eielson Air Force Base in Fairbanks, and our course was roughly southeast. The night was clear and the stars shone brilliantly. I was looking out of the western bomb-blister when suddenly I saw a bright light flash on, far off in the distance, from the horizon. I thought at first it was a meteor or a lightning flash, but the object came to a sudden skidding stop about 500 feet away, thereafter idling along with our plane and keeping pace with our speed, which I could scarcely believe my eyes. The thing possessed a green and red signal lights, like a lighted propeller on the top. Beyond question, it was a flying saucer. 

It seemed to have a brilliance, brought on by fatigue. After all, we had just been up for many hours. I slumped my head back and forth, and tried to rub my eyes, but the Saucer was still there, occasionally wove or dipped. My next thought was to eliminate all possible chance that the thing was an internal reflection. I pulled my fur parka up over my head and put my face smack against the bulging surface of the blister that formed the window. Thus shielded from all internal illumination, I could still see the glowing object. I could see a pocket of light, some 10 to 15 feet in diameter and 30 to 40 feet long, and was surprised to find the sphere seemed to be rotating rapidly as it went along. It made a rapid calculation and concluded that the sphere was actually 300 feet away, as it seemed.

Then it was only a foot or two in diameter, not much larger than a basketball. My next thought was whether one of the radio jamming parachutes had somehow or other got attached to the plane by the string; obviously the brilliance, as seen by an electric light, can be quite startling. But it had been nearly half an hour since the last parachute, and the meteorologists were just getting ready to lower another through the trap. I decided to call the meteorologist immediately to look at the thing. But before I could tell him, the object suddenly took off at top speed and disappeared."