The image appears to contain a typed document with handwritten notes. There is no photograph or image present in the provided material.

I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and transcribe the text found in the document:

APPENDUM

Dr. Condon has reviewed this report and considers the information for the case not sufficient for a conclusion. We have, however, made a decision that this case must be investigated further, and we are requesting another investigative report for this case.

It is seen that the witness overstated his case. Although he certainly saw something, the description he gave was apparently exaggerated and more colourful than the actual observations, as is sometimes the case with such witnesses. While the witness was certainly sincere, he appears to have embellished his story to some degree. Nevertheless, the core of his account, that he did observe an unidentified object, is valid and deserves further investigation.

It is essential that we try to ascertain what it is the witness actually saw. If his description was indeed exaggerated, we need to get at the basic facts of the sighting. We also need to explore alternative explanations that may fit the true facts of the case. Apparently some aspects of the witness's account are questionable, and we need to sort out the genuine observations from the embellishments.

Photography would be a valuable aid, if such photographs are available. We urge that the witness be interviewed again to try to get a clearer picture of exactly what he observed. Any additional data that can be obtained, such as weather reports, sightings by others, etc., should also be gathered.

II. Dr. --- was in the U.S. Navy during W.W.II. He became very interested in U.F.O.'s because of his naval background. Unfortunately, he had some health problems which prevented him from actively pursuing his interest in U.F.O.'s in recent years. However, he still maintains a keen interest in the subject.

Photo will be mailed as soon as available.