The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, labeled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT". The text in the document has been fully transcribed below:

I. SOURCE: Address: Cheyenne, Wyoming
Age: 23 years
Occupation: Insurance salesman
Education: 12 years

II. RELIABILITY OF SOURCE: The SOURCE's credentials and information provided by the individuals who interviewed him suggest that he is a reliable and qualified commercial pilot. His account of the sighting is technically detailed and corresponds to the information obtained from other sources regarding the same incidents.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: On Sunday, 16 October 1955, at 2000 hours, Mountain Standard Time, SOURCE and companions observed a strange object in the sky. It was described as being cylindrical in shape, approximately 50 to 60 feet in length, and 8 to 10 feet in diameter. It was illuminated by a very bright, bluish-green light which seemed to be emitted from the object itself. Both men then proceeded up the back road for approximately one-half mile. 

JUAN CHORA, similar to that of four (4) turbine type engines, approaching from the southeast at high speed and an estimated altitude of 2,000 feet. As the object came closer, the noise increased. The SOURCE outlined sharply against the stars, although the SOURCE could not ascertain the exact contours of the strange object due to the brilliance of the light. The object appeared to be solid material with no lights or illumination. Mr. SOURCE stated that he was of the opinion that the object must have some form of propulsion and was headlight-like in appearance.

A bi-motored SOURCE stated that the noise of the bi-jet drowned out the sound of the object as it passed. Mr. SOURCE heard the whining - the object, for an estimated ten (10) seconds and seconds, the object had passed. The SOIIRCE was of the opinion that it covered the distance in approximately 15 to 20 seconds. He searched the area for the deer he had killed but could not find it. The SOURCE was not in the belief that the disappearance of the deer was connected with the object he had observed.