INFORMATION ONLY
SOURCE: CRIFO

28 NOVEMBER 1955
Hong Kong, China

HUSH HUSH HONG KONG STYLE

Case 171, Hong Kong, China, November 28, 1955—A letter addressed to the editor of the South China Morning Post gave an account of a strange light and a jet cavorting over Hong Kong. It reads as follows:

"On Monday, Nov. 28, at 9:40-48 a.m., another person and I witnessed a bright light about a few thousand feet over Lyemun Pass, too bright to be a reflection of any kind but a source in itself. First when I saw it, it was a line bulging at the middle, the length of which was greater than a passenger aircraft. It appeared to remain stationary until a Meteor jet took off from Kai Tak airfield and flew towards it, seemingly in pursuit. Then the light gradually became a disc, still brighter than before, moved westward slowly towards the New Territories, making a slight zig-zag course. Now, viewing from Kai Tak, the light appeared to be over Shau-ki-wan, whence it went on a southeasterly direction, still diminishing in size and intensity of brightness, until it gradually disappeared over Lyemun Pass. All the while the light was changing at irregular intervals from a bulging line into a brighter white disc and vice-versa, and the surrounding mist was illuminated producing a mysterious effect. Meanwhile the jet had disappeared because of its distance, only to reappear a few minutes later and landed.

"Now I am quite certain that the bright light was neither a vision nor anything else but some kind of 'flying saucer' reportedly seen so often in America. So many people must have witnessed this sight could be seen, excluding us, by none or so few that the matter did not go into the newspaper, and that is why I did not write until now, having expected that the press got news of it. Didn't anyone else see it? Surely the pilot who flew the Meteor jet must have seen it directly in front?"

Ed: According to my Thailand correspondent, an editorial note dismissed the story with an Occidental excuse—meteorological balloon. Please!