The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page from a Project Blue Book report.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

Q - Are these nations co-operating with the United States?
A - I think some of them are co-operating rather closely. I think that Great Britain, Denmark, Sweden, and Germany, and perhaps Italy and France, are working very closely with our own government. What the others are doing I don't know.

Q - Do you have any idea whether the Russians are starting to break the news to their people?
A - No, I haven't heard anything that would indicate that. But I'm inclined to think that the U.S. government may be starting to break it, because the Air Force has had some releases to members of the press by direction of the Secretary of the Air Force, an 30 March 1953. Both of these indicate that they are contemplating doing this fairly soon.

Q - Could the saucers be using Antarctica as a base?
A - I think it's quite possible that part of our government's present interest in the Antarctica is due to this. Commander Dufek of the Chilean Navy made thousands of feet of movies of UFOs circling around in the low altitude - much as in the Tremonton film - down in the Antarctica. And these things are often seen traveling North and South up and down the west coast of South America. There must be some reason why so much activity could be found down in that area.

Q - Has just one type of space man been discovered so far?
A - Well, I can't give you certain knowledge of what's been discovered; but I will say this: descriptions of these creatures by credible witnesses generally fall into one or two main categories, as reported, for example, from Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Kentucky, Ohio, Kansas, and Georgia. The other is a sort of microscopic monster like the one reportedly seen at Sutton, West Virginia and a couple of other places. Last Fall, while on a plane, the captain noticed one of these small humanoid creatures passing by the window. I got to see these - some of some of the small humanoid creatures. They had injured some people, principally constables, who had encountered them. These little fellows, evidently, are able to take care of themselves.

Q - Did the Hopkinsville creatures display any hostility? Did they return the humans' fire--did they reciprocate or anything like that?
A - No, they did not. They carried no weapons or other artificial implements. Or, none were seen. One occasion, when one of the men put his head out of the window, one of the creatures snatched it, but they did seem to use those aggressive measures. Several of them were shot at down with its claws and, and grasped his hair.