The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated September 7, 1955.

The text from the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Flight 3-H, 4602d ATSG

I. SOURCE: Mr. Albert Merzel
Address: 609 Newfield Road, Glen Burnie, Maryland
Age: 44
Occupation: Line Draftsman for Westinghouse 
Education: Six years schooling at the Maryland Institute of Electrical Drafting
Qualifications: Presently working on Guided Missile Control
Has had 25 years experience in electronics.

II. RELIABILITY: Unknown. SOURCE was contacted by telephone.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: At 09/02/307 Sept 55, just after midnight, having been posted on the GCI Lookout station in Glen Burnie, SOURCE noticed a blinking light, flashing phenomenon in the western sky. SOURCE stated this light seemed to be about 5 miles from his station and flying at an estimated altitude of 5,000 feet.
The condition of the sky was clear and the wind was slight. SOURCE's first thought was that this might have been a jet aircraft, but the way it seemed to change in color and maintain a constant altitude, shortly precluded this possibility.
At 09/02/22 SOURCE reported the baffling phenomenon to the Baltimore Filter Center, which followed a westerly course and appeared to be losing altitude, which continued tracking the object.

SOURCE told the investigator that the lights changed color periodically from red to blue to white every few seconds, giving the appearance of a strobe effect.
Aircraft were in the sky at various times throughout the sighting, but SOURCE said their speed seemed to rule out the possibility of its being an aircraft. Occasionally the object would seem to come from the general direction of the USOE directly. However, these aircraft seemed to be much smaller than the UFOB pursued.
SOURCE called in to report that the UFOB had begun to disappear at 09/03/02 Sept 55. No photographs had been taken of the UFOB.
The SOURCE stated that in his opinion, the object was probably a weather balloon. Investigator concluded the interview at this point.