The image contains no photograph, only text of an Air Intelligence Information Report.

AF FORM 112--PART II
(CLASSIFICATION)
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM (Agency)
Flight 3-H-46029 ATIS
3H-UFOB-8
Part One
of
8
PAGES
I. SOURCE: Hurlburt F. Bonnie
Address: 127 Dorchester Road, Glen Burnie, Maryland
Age: 32
Occupation: 1st Lt, USAF, 4760th GCS, Baltimore, Maryland
Education: College
Qualifications: An Air Force officer, alert, intelligent and possessing 20/20 vision.
II. RELIABILITY: Uniform source was contacted by telephone.
III. SOURCE'S DESIRE: SOURCE's desire to remain anonymous was at his residence in Glen Burnie, Maryland, at 0920/7 Sept 55 when he sighted strange lights in the sky which seemed to be maneuvering in a most peculiar and erratic manner at a moderate speed.
He estimated the object(s) to be circular or oval in shape and about 35-45 feet in diameter. The object seemed neither to gain nor lose altitude.
SOURCE recalls that the form or definite body shape was variable at any time during the sighting, although it seemed always to maintain a general circular or oval outline. The object appeared to pulse and there was a constant variation in the intensity of the whitish light which was emitted. This light was very bright and seemed to pulsate or wink in some manner.
The lights observed by SOURCE and his wife, who was essentially the same phenomenon as himself, hovered on successive occasions over the approximate area for a period of 45-60 minutes. At times the lights appeared to shoot out the sides of the undefined object.
SOURCE mentioned that there were some aircraft in the sky throughout the period of the sighting and at times seemed to be blinking lights, but in his opinion, they were coming from aircraft considerably beyond the object.
The Baltimore Filter Center received a call from SOURCE at 0920/25 Sep 55 reporting the observation of an unidentified flying object outside his house and continued observing the UFO, reporting again to the Filter Center at 0930/2 Sept 55 to state that the object had gone out of sight.
According to SOURCE, no photographs were taken of the UFO.