The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document describing a sighting by a Reserve Air Force Captain and an airlines Captain on March 20, 1950.

OCR Text Output:

Case XI (Serial 1550.00)
On March 20, 1950, a Reserve Air Force Captain and an airlines
Captain were flying a commercial airlines flight. At 21:26, the airlines
Captain directed the attention of the Reserve Air Force Captain to an object
which apparently was flying at high speed, approaching the airliner from
the south on a north heading. The Reserve Air Force Captain focused his
attention on the object. Both crew members watched as it passed in front
of them and watch out of sight to the right. The observation, which lasted
about 9 to 10 seconds, estimated the object's speed to be in excess of 1000 mph.
When the object passed in front of the airliner, it was not more than
1/2 mile distant and at an altitude of about 1000 feet higher than the airliner.
The object appeared to be circular, with a diameter of approximately
100 feet and with a vertical height considerably less than the diameter,
giving the object a disc-like shape. In the object's center was a light which was
blinking at an estimated 3 flashes per second. This light was so brilliant
that it would have been impossible to look at it continuously had it not been
blinking. This light could be seen only when the object was approaching
and after it had passed the airliner. When the object passed in front of the
observers, the bottom side was visible. The bottom side appeared to have
9 to 12 symmetrically oval or circular porthole-like openings located in a circle around
the central light. The instant the object passed the airliner, several of these
portholes came a soft purple light about the shade of aircraft running
lights. The object was traveling in a straight line without spinning. Considering the visibility, the length of time the object was in sight, and the
distance from the object, the Reserve Air Force Captain estimates the
speed to be in excess of 1000 mph.