The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, primarily consisting of text describing observations of unusual aerial phenomena.

Brilliant meteors of a particularly fragile structure, which seldom deposit recoverable fragments, are common in February. Unusually, this month has also produced many fantastic UFO reports. According to various source publications, for example, in the nights between February 3 and February 14, 1955, the skies were thick with weird machines from beyond the earth.

On February 2, at 11:45 A.M. an airliner flying over Venezuela chased a strange object that was moving swiftly toward the plane. Rotating counterclockwise, the mysterious machine shone with a greenish light. Around its center was a red ring or band which emitted flashes of brilliant light. Above and below this were lighted portions. As the pilot banked the plane, the object whirled downward, leveled off, and raced away at tremendous speed. The flyers told reporters that although they had never believed in flying saucers, they now were convinced of their existence and of their being controlled. After investigating the few specific facts obtained from fatuous, unscientific daytime statements, we cannot conclude (a detailed description of unusual daylight fare, the details being founded by greenish gases, breaking up into fragments that burn up in a brilliant flash. Three nights later, on February 5, the ocean liner Vera Cruz (time and position not stated) supposedly reported that a "large, luminous craft, cruising at a fantastic speed" passed above the ship [S. p.295]. On the night of February 7 the pilot of an Eastern Airlines flight over Florida saw what looked like a ball of fire, ten or fifteen feet in diameter. Three similar objects "much brighter than aircraft lights" were sighted in the same area between 7:55 and 8:35 P.M. La Guardia Airport in New York (time and position not given) was passed by "two strange indistinguishable objects" [S. p.295]. On February 14 shortly before midnight a swiftly moving "green fireball" was seen from Texas to Mississippi, so blindingly brilliant that it lighted up a whole room [S. p.266].

Not one of these descriptive provisions provides enough factual information to allow positive identification, but every one fits the usual meteor pattern. It is highly probable that all these "UFO" were merely meteors.