The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

PART THREE 
PAGE 4  OF 7 PAGES

SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE EFFORTS

1. The sighting was another located approximately 300 yards northeast of the area where the original sighting occurred. It was described as a high-powered rifle shot at approximately 2000 hours on 6 October 1955, but had no unusual flying objects associated with it.

2. Mrs. A., a rancher's sister-in-law of the above rancher, residing at the same location, revealed nothing unusual regarding the sighting.

3. Lt. Colonel G. A. T., a rancher (name withheld), located approximately 200 yards east of the area where the original sighting occurred, stated that he saw nothing during the evening of the sighting, but did state that he heard an aircraft pass overhead "a few minutes before 8:00 P.M. on 16 October 1955". The investigator was unable to identify the aircraft observed.

4. Mr. B., a resident of the area, who allegedly observed a sand storm during the sighting, stated that he thought he saw the beam of a searchlight, but was not sure. The investigator could find no evidence to substantiate the claim of the SIGHTING.

5. Lt. Colonel E. H. Rogers, Deputy Commander of Civil Defense, State of Wyoming, stated that various individuals reported unusual sounds or unidentified flying objects for 15 October 1955. Colonel Rogers revealed that no unusual sounds or any unusual flying objects were reported to him during that evening.

6. Lt. Colonel H. Miller, Cheyenne Police Department, was interviewed. Lt. Miller stated that no reports of unusual sights or sounds had been received by the Cheyenne Police Department relative to the evening of 16 October 1955.

7. Mr. Warren H. Schroeder, Air Force Police, was on guard duty at the Kent Gate, Warren AFB, Cheyenne, Wyoming, when he allegedly observed the sighting. He was interviewed and stated that he did not observe or hear anything unusual during the evening of 16 October 1955.

8. Mr. A. reporter for the CHEYENNE EAGLE TRIBUNE, was interviewed. Mr. B. was the original reporter from the CHEYENNE EAGLE TRIBUNE who had interviewed the original investigator with the exception that Mr. B. claimed to have observed the sighting. The investigator advised Mr. B. that the report would not be released to the media since the original investigator had doubted the veracity of the report.