There are no photographs on this page.

Text from the document:

---
AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT NO 3B-UFOB-2-1-55 PART ONE
FLIGHT 3-3, 4602A AISS PAGE 2 OF 9/15 PAGES

I.  SOURCE: (Civilian)
    Age: 52
    Address: Ohio
    Present Position: GOC Post Supervisor and housewife
    Education: High School
    Qualifications: Been a member of the GOC for nearly one year and received GOC training from a representative from the Eaton, Ohio, GOC Filter Center.
    
II. RELIABILITY: SOURCE was a pleasant woman, very friendly and anxious to cooperate, well-known throughout the surrounding community and well respected. SOURCE had made sightings on three previous occasions; at these times she was not a member of the GOC and was reluctant to report them for fear of ridicule. Although SOURCE was intelligent and talked with assurance, it is the opinion of this Investigator that she is prone to let herself imagine she sees things other than what is actually before her. The information contained in this report is considered to be unreliable.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:
    1. SOURCE received a call from Mr. ___ at 23/03152 Sept 55 requesting she look into the South East sector of the sky to confirm his sighting of an unidentified flying object. SOURCE complied and saw the object.
    2. Object was on a bearing of approximately 135° with an azimuth of approximately 60°. At the same time, SOURCE recognized the aser!ircraft beacon from the Akron Airport(GJTM 210+) about 30 miles East of SOURCE's location. The beacon was rotating in a counter-clockwise direction and casting reflections on the clouds and haze in the area.
    3. The object was in view for a period of 25 minutes during which time it traveled from the South East to the South West where it suddenly disappeared. On two occasions during its flight, SOURCE heard a faint explosion, as that of a firecracker, and simultaneously observed a bright orangeish-blue exhaust from the object.
    4. The night was dry with no moon. Scattered clouds in the vicinity and haze obscured about one-fourth of the sky. No ground wind was noticed. Only a few stars were in evidence.
    5. SOURCE heard only a faint whirring sound other than the explosions. She could not estimate the speed nor the altitude as there was no point to use as a reference. The object appeared round at first, assuming an elliptical shape as it continued on its course. During sightings, the object appeared about the size of a grapefruit held at arms length.
    6. The object had a blue-gray color with the edges much brighter than the center. SOURCE stated she had never seen anything before that gave the same appearance. When Investigator described a jet aircraft cutting in its afterburners, SOURCE amended this was not what she had seen.
---