94 Record No 4340

Page 10

[handwritten text, transcribed as legible:]

So just turned out my kitchen light & go to bed. I saw there next glance. I thought it was a fine car on Patten Road. So I thought I would wait and if I could see the flames & it no just stood when it was. This it got lighter and lighter, so bright it just could seen to get any lighter, (and then) be just could see it out of the sky. By either come from behind a cloud as the light was so bright it showed miles ahead of the sky. At night it was so bright it showed through the blackest cloud anyway. At all I just stood & listened. I couldn't believe my eyes. I thought they were playing tricks on me. I could see the light as better part as going far and round ahead of it. Almost it felt just says) it be it. I thought it was a space ship, try friend (stretched) want the board asking. It looked like the plane to my next to keeping any kind of from it. It came sure it was going to disappear before he could it. Get when the scene half avail no saw blood the letter) part stopped going around better. I hit it right up so fast that it hurt jumped to my eyes. a the case I can't say te were any moved all the. It said there to wake up wanting like that. He took over Lord at it and said, it was like small. And I took my eyes from it to look at him. I said, "git its this?" "We pulling off?" No one did you ever see anything like that?" He they event hand to bed. I watched it disappear just exactly like it came. I had that feeling I told you of. I just found trying it and new asked I was thrilled. For didn't just as light, their until I was a little a it a cloud me. just like it did before at now, it's eyes that burned me. I mean I could flash at it. And it was me. It nauseated. After I felt that this have one, I came thinking, should I tell the land and she try, just seemed to in doubt, hand to me at first out if it. Is it fly signed ground jit in under North. The circle, round, night was all over. Just like it was connected right to it there way.