There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text.

Performing OCR on the text:

In five of the six cases, the probability is less than 1 per cent that the distributions are the same. In the sixth case, Light Brightness, the classifications are prohibitive to be real value. However, these tests do not necessarily mean that the UNKNOWNS are primarily "flying saucers" and not aircraft, balloons, or other known objects, as these might still be unidentified KNOWNS if either of the following cases occurred:

(1) The characteristics which were observed for the UNKNOWNS were different from those observed for the KNOWNS because of the psychological make-up of the observer or because of atmospheric distortions. This assumes the distribution of objects in KNOWNS and UNKNOWNS is the same.

(2) The UNKNOWNS may be known objects in different proportions than the group identified as KNOWNS. (That is, a greater percentage of the UNKNOWNS could be aircraft than the percentage of aircraft in the identified KNOWNS.)

The second case is the more probable one. In this connection, it is interesting to note the factors which contributed to a large chi square result in the tests made:

(1) Color
The major contribution to chi square in color is from the color green. There is a large excess of green sightings among the KNOWNS over the UNKNOWNS. Of the 130 known objects in this classification, 98 are astronomical, and are due mostly to the green fireballs reported from the Southwest U.S.

(2) Number
The large chi square is due to a greater proportion of UNKNOWNS in the multiple object classification. Apparently these are harder to identify.

(3) Shape
In this case, there is a higher percentage of UNKNOWNS in the rocket-airship-shape classification. These might be familiar objects for which unusual maneuvers were reported.

There is a higher percentage of KNOWNS in the flame and in the meteor- or comet-shape category, which in both cases appears to result mainly from excesses of astronomical sightings.

68