The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document or report. I will proceed to extract the text from the document as requested.

The text in the document is as follows:

"raced to the Hopkinsville police station. The police came in force, and they searched all round the house; there was nothing to be found. No blood, no bodies. The family Kelley was in a state of terror, and there was evidence of drinking. The police finally left, and an hour after they had gone through the window for some creature they had seen did they still remain shooting through the window for another fifteen minutes, but the creature did not reappear. 

I was in Mt. Vernon, Indiana, only about 50 miles away, when this story hit the newspapers. The Evansville Courier-Press of August 22nd printed a detailed account of what claimed had happened in Hopkinsville, Kentucky, based on a news story following the event. According to the story, the Kelley family was dying. I couldn't leave at the time, so it was three days before I got there.

And when I did get to Hopkinsville, I walked into a practical joke, which is one of the things you have to watch out for when you're trying to investigate subjects like this. There were some local characters who claimed they had played a hoax on with phony "witnesses", who told me a lot of incredible and invented details. And he almost showed me a place where he said he made a plaster cast of one of the creature's. If I'd bought it, their cup would have bubbled over. I was not taken in, though. I soon lined up some other contacts.

The funny thing about this is that the hoaxers were telling an essentially true story; the sure thing is, the creatures did appear, but the family landing a-shooting was fake - but the family actually killing at all happened. Nobody has ever been able to refute the story.

Another thing that they told me was not true of the Kelley case, but it was true of another outstanding case, that of the so-called "Flatwoods Monster" seen at Sutton, West Virginia on September 12, 1952. They had draped that case around this one, and made it look like the same thing. but they had no connection whatsoever. The Sutton case was a separate incidents three days after, and they had no more substance behind these than they had behind the Hopkinsville case. The only additional evidence was a fellow came along selling subscriptions to a magazine that is printed in Augusta, Maine, and he carried a story that the magazine got their money back a couple of weeks later with instructions what agency was probing behind these shenanigans.

On January 9th of this year, at Bedford, Indiana, about 50 miles south of Indianapolis, the DOD spotted five flying saucers at one time, circling around. They had been reported over Lincoln City, Indiana, about 25 miles to the west. Just four miles down the road, about three hundred people saw them as they were following each other back and forth in the sky. The Air Force is not making much about it, of course.

1/ For a full report on the Kelley landing case, with data obtained by on-the-spot investigation, see CISI Research Report No.1, published in August, 1956."