Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

me further away from the orange unidentified single object and at a higher altitude. The single object then appeared to increase in size and this increase seemed to produce a whistling sound. The orange object, as it turned further off what appeared to be its original course, was traversing toward the east and disappearing from sight. It then continued on toward the earth. It was flying at approxiately 7000 to 7500 feet. 

I then continued my rounds, entering the building as I did constanly my rounds on the inside of the building. I left the building again on the northwest corner and did look toward the direction wherein I had last seen the orange object. It was still visible but appeared to be fluttering at a very slow rate of speed. It seemed to flutter into the distance and disappear from sight. I watched it until it disappeared again over the horizon. It was flying at approxinately 1000 to 1200 feet.

I returned to the building and phoned this sight-into the night light division who told me to stand by while they notified the proper agencies over his matter

After listening to over the telephone report you iven, as detects what further steps could be taken on this matter, as you have stated that actual sightings were observed and the details concerning an unusual object flying over his home. The object was first observed at 7:00 or 7:15 p.m. on October 22, 1955 by your wife, who went outside and faced east. Object was flying low and moving slowly, and made a humming sound. It traveled from the western horizon toward the east and was in her view for approximately one-half minute.

Object was as wide as the average house, low, moving slowly, and made a humming sound as it traversed in a straight line, but described as being irregular in outline or some parts and slightly dimmer or brighter than others. It divided into two sections, upper and lower, and at that time the lower section disappeared or seemed to be lost from sight, but the upper section continued onward. As it reached treetop height and looked as if it were coming down, it then arose again higher and disappeared over the eastern horizon.

Believing that the sightings reported might be related, and in view of the fact that the objects involved were unusual and not in accordance with the C.A.A.'s altitude laws, then I would suggest that the following steps be taken: