There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

OCR output:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

First sight:
No change in direction during course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand?
(Circle One.)
a. Pea  b. Dime  c. Quarter  d. Silver dollar  e. Baseball  f. Grapefruit  g. Beach ball  h. Other _________

22.1. (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain b. Pretty sure c. Just a guess

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Gradually fading from view over a period of about 15 seconds. The object was observed by two persons and was obscured by haze or thin cloud.

24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you would draw or paint a picture of the object. Please give your ideas as to the shape, color, and any other details of the object which you saw, even though your sketch or painting would not be to scale and might not be technically accurate.

The object was circular or disc-shaped, metallic or silvery in appearance, reflecting the sun's rays, and was maneuvering at slow speed, at high altitude. Within such an object, one could imagine control panels, instrumentation for navigation, and perhaps even living quarters, for a crew of perhaps, say, two persons. The object gave the impression of poise and controlled power, rather than a mere mechanical contrivance. If such an object exists, it must represent a very high order of technological achievement, well in advance of our present capabilities. The fact that the object so easily vanished from sight leads one to speculate as to the possible existence of means of propulsion and control far superior to any known aircraft or spacecraft. This possibility, if substantiated, would represent a significant advance in man's knowledge of the universe and the laws which govern it, and should be the subject of the most serious and unbiased scientific investigation.