The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper article or report from the Baltimore News-Post, with the headline "Three Saucers Reported Here" and a detailed account of multiple sightings of unidentified flying objects in the Baltimore area.

THURSDAY EVENING JULY 7, 1955
THEY ARE FLYING OVER CITY
Three Saucers Reported Here
Local Residents Give Eyewitness Accounts of Aerial Objects
At Least Four Local Residents Claim to Have Seen Bright Objects
Hovering in Night Sky - One Said He Chased Them By Car
Hundreds of persons in Baltimore and its suburbs tonight reported seeing "three flying saucers" in the sky over the city. 
The reports came within an hour and a half tonight. Below are some of the eyewitness accounts:
Mrs. John Winkle, 1711 West North avenue, said she saw three "bright, shiny objects" moving rapidly across the sky about 9:55 P.M. She said the objects "appeared to be saucer-shaped and were traveling from west to east."
Clarence Hoffman, 412 North Calhoun street, said he was standing on his porch about 10:05 P.M. when he saw three "large, round objects" in the sky. He said the objects "hovered motionless for a few minutes and then shot off at a terrific speed toward the east." 
John Schaffer, 4001 Parkside Drive, said he and three members of his family were watching the objects from their car parked at Dundalk Marine Terminal about 9:50 P.M. He said the objects "were round, glowing spheres high in the sky and seemed to hover motionless for several minutes before speeding away at a terrific rate of speed."
Gordon Gray, 217 North Broadway, said he was driving home on Harford Road near Cold Spring lane about 9:45 P.M. when he spotted three "bright, round objects" in the sky. He said he at first thought they were airplanes, but when he noticed they were moving at a "terrific rate of speed" and making "no noise" he became convinced they were "flying saucers." 
Gray said he "chased the objects" in his car for several blocks before they disappeared from sight. "They were definitely not airplanes or anything I've ever seen before," he declared.