The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

ORIGINATING AGENCY: PROJECT 10-2-S, 14502d AISS
REPORT NO: 2B-UFOB-8-58
COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER:
1. There were four other sightings of this object at OAK RIDGE (ORGP 1152), TENN. Questionaires were distributed to the four individuals to be filled out. The uniformity of the observations had to be clarified and could not be determined at that time. It was understood that this would involve a minimum delay. OAK RIDGE was called subsequently on two occasions to request that the questionaires be forwarded for this unit - but after a protracted delay it was felt this report should be submitted minus the additional questionnaires.
2. These comments are based upon a summary of the observations of the seven sources available. Six of the sources were military personnel with high school or college educations, and the seventh source was a civilian telephone company maintenance foreman. Four of the observers recorded the data on the spot while the other three received them later from within various automobiles, and it was not determined where the other observers were located when the observations were made. Most of them are said to have seen the objects appear to have been made up of metals, been orange in color and elliptical in shape similar to a well known design of aircraft, and they emitted a bright light from several blocks to a mile away. Sources indicated the objects did not shine down very much, just giving off a bright glow. They were observed for a minimum of thirty seconds, a maximum of twenty minutes and an average duration estimated to have been from eight to ten minutes. 
3. The long duration of observation (average of ten minutes) and the shape seem to rule out the possibility of these objects having been meteors. Neither could they have been aircraft in normal flight characteristics, since they were motionless at times. Balloons would not give a radar return unless they carried some kind of wind tracking device. All sources indicated the sun was going down and it was getting dark when the sightings occurred. This might account for the orange coloration, as the shape of the objects would appear to have been elliptical or circular while hovering or stationary, this condition described as being ecliptical or circular.