The image does not contain any photographs. However, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

Rassel Davis will hold forth upon all this (and upon her interests with old occult coverall) who is now a member of U.S.A.F. (the other Hopkinsvlile, Kentucky people, etc.). Perhaps you can't manage to make this, which may be just as well, for donating $3.00 would be well within our less impossible members will doubtless be present. She'll tell you all you want to know when we meet. She spent a week there and used her time well.

We're delighted to hear that the Handbook crown has passed to another head, and a sensible one; perhaps something can be done in the near future to dignify the misnomer of suspicion around the Air Force's bins, secrecy, and preparations of the past. (Though will it ever be possible to satisfy them for admitting the reality of such things as I have just described? Well, we need not insist on that.)

The colored slide picture which I gather you have personally investigated, sounds exactly like the Lubbock lights (pardon this statement of the obvious!) and we hope you will be able to obtain a copy of that mysterious manifestation. Their "confidential" flying saucers seems likely, and I would be delighted if they can be located in some way.

Getting around rather late to one of the points raised in your letter, let us say that we Daly agree with our criticism of Mitchell's version of the Mantell case. It is clear all right, but it is not accurate. After all, it is doubtful whether that thing was a hopeless tangle past sorting out, we simply added a footnote. Mitchell's version of the sighting should be compared with that given by Ruppelt, etc. and let it go at that. Then the public, not caring for this implied criticisms, simply discarded the footnote, and there you are.

For the implication concerning simply reducing the number of files, and there you are - at present the indexes have been gone over, and the book was rushed to press with our editing only half done, because the publisher said such changes were becoming too expensive. The index was a rush order, only one night allowed; result, many careless omissions, such as "ought to" for "ought to have," etc. ... The publisher changed the pagination slightly, and threw many of the references out by one page. It is our impression that this publisher are particularly interested in printing something inexpensive, though they don't seem to be much concerned about the way it looks when it comes out. 

Still, it seems we should be rather careful about "hinting around." It seems to be a matter of responsibility. Someone is certain to take it all seriously, and be scandalised by what we never meant - at least, that's the way it seems to me. I patched this up in Part 3, but Part 1 was Tody's and he didn't catch the error. The Chalmaine's photograph, which so impressed the conference-rounded blurb-writer, is patently a fake, so doubtedly. Actually, it is the Termination of some innocent experiment with light refraction.

Most of the illustrations are non-sensical and should have been left out. I must take responsibility for what I suspect is the wrong labeling of the so-called "arrivals" in the introduction, and I see that it is Wood is against me in the matter of magnification by Palta Morana, though I intend to oppose this experiment and see more of the so-called less. These diagrams are a big improvement on Michel's originals.

It agrees with your disappointment in the UFO film; it is as far from an honest documentary.

Thanks very much for taking time to write, and hope to see you in the future!