The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT".

AF FORM 112--PART II
UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Dec. 22, 4602a AIRS
DEC-22-3-55 
Part Four
PAGE 5 OF 6 PAGES
SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE EFFORTS:

1. A call to the University of Kansas at Kansas City, Kansas revealed that this institution had no astronomer and that no information relative to the unknown could be obtained from this source.

2. The Kansas City Weather Bureau had no information on the object. The weather as of 12/22/54 was: Kansas City, Missouri - Clear; Visibility, 12 miles; Temperature, 20°; Dew Point, 14°; and Wind: N at 7 knots.

3. The Flying Safety Office of the CAA had no information on the unknown sighting.

4. A call was made to the Kansas City Star to find out the source of their brief story of 12 December 55 stating that a meteorite had been seen over the area. The investigation learned that this story had appeared in the early morning white at the Control Tower at the Municipal Airport.

5. A contact with the Municipal Airport gave us CAA employee, Mr. White who had seen the object and became another source, but he could not positively identify the object while he had seen it. 

6. By following a lead mentioned in the TT from 31st AD (Def) contact was made with Captain Cororan and his description of the sighting.

7. Again by chasing down a lead from the TT from 31st AD (Def), contact was made via telephone with the city editor of the Lincoln Nebraska Journal or Lincoln, Nebraska concerning further details of information which was reported over telephone as a result of the initial report from a known military readman of the Burlington Line that such notices were reported by an unknown railroad yardman of the Burlington Line working at Burlington, Iowa.

8. Telephone contact was established with Dr. Schultz, who is the Director of the University of Nebraska, who in turn confirmed that Dr. C. E. Schultz of the University of Nebraska was working on the subject and was a knowledgeable person in this field.

The University of Nebraska confirmed that this information from all reports which he received, and from consultations with Professor Gallion of that school's Astronomy Department, that the three of them had decided the object was definitely a meteorite. They further stated that while the sighting was undoubtedly authentic, the findings indicated that the object was a high altitude natural phenomenon and not due to an unknown or unidentified flying object.

Unknown objects they were plotting with the sane description were from Kansas City, Missouri and from Red Oak, Iowa. The time of occurrence coincided with those reports which had been received, and we ourselves were talking of the same object.