The image does not contain any photograph. It is a scanned page from an old document related to a UFO incident in Hopkinsville, Kentucky.

STORY OF SPACE-SHIP, 12 LITTLE MEN PROBED TODAY
KELLY FARMHOUSE SCENE OF ALLEGED RAID BY STRANGE CREW
LAST NIGHT; REPORTS SAY BULLETS FIRED TO AFFECT VISITORS
All kinds of investigations were being conducted today in connection with the bizarre story of how a space-ship carrying 12 to 15 little men landed in the Kelly community early last night and battled occupants of a farm house.
Most official of the probes was reportedly being staged by the Air Force.
More than a dozen state, county and city officers from Christian and Hopkins counties went to the scene between 11 p. m. and midnight and remained until after 2 a. m. without seeing anything to prove or disprove the story about the ship and its occupants.
The farmhouse is located on the Old Madisonville Road about eight miles north of Hopkinsville. The property is occupied by Cecil (Lucky) Sutton, one of those who reported experiencing last night's phenomena.
There were some 10 or 12 persons at the house, including several children, but investigating officers were not able to determine exactly how many of those present actually claimed to have seen any of the little men from the space ship.
Only other person whom officers quoted directly was identified as Billy Ray Taylor, a visitor from Pennsylvania which recently had a similar report of a space ship. Neither Sutton nor Taylor was at home when officers returned to the scene this morning.
The story broke about 11 o'clock last night when two cars, one bearing a Pennsylvania license drove up to Hopkinsville's police headquarters. Officers then at the station said the two adults contained at least five and several children. All appeared highly excited.
Spokesman for the crowd told of how something resembling a space ship or flying saucer had landed at the back of their house near Kelly and 12 or 15 men, who appeared to be about 4 feet tall, had got out of the ship and come up to the house and done battle with the occupants.
"We need help", one of the men said, "We've been fighting them for nearly four hours".