There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and answers.

Transcription of the text in the document:

A - Those compare to a real spaceship the way a canoe compares to the Queen Mary. We're just paddling in the shallows of space with these things. It's a beginning, but it's still quite much more.

Q - Did Dr. Slipher ever make public his last Martian investigation?
A - Yes, he did. He said that in his opinion there can be no doubt but that there is life on Mars. He seems to go so far as to say intelligent life, but of course he couldn't go that far. His article appeared in the National Geographic magazine which shows very good pictures of Mars, which they have showed, but unfortunately was built down there by Morris Jessup, who wrote The Case for the UFO.

Q - Can you tell us something about the bridge on the moon, said to be made of metal?
A - Percy Wilkins' book "Mysteries of Space and Time," published in England last year, said that on the moon there are constructed bridges, one of which is several miles long, and some other astronomers say that they have been photographed and that some thing has definitely been found on the moon, which is unexplained at the present time, is a number of what seem to be themselves intelligently built. Only they must be gigantic. The last I heard on the subject they had located about 200 of these things which they never saw built, and nobody knows what they are.

Q - Those satellites that are known are beginning to circle the earth surely can't be natural, because they are so close. Do you think they were put there by beings from some other planet?
A - I think that's quite possible; and don't forget that Adler Planetarium reported last year that an astronomer to whom they gave their endorsement had located more than 100 satellites which were circling the earth at an altitude higher than any man-made satellite. So this is quite a thing.

Q - Has the disappearance of six planes over the Caribbean, as described in Keyhoe's "Flying Saucer Conspiracy," ever been explained?
A - No, it has not. In fact, over 200 planes have disappeared in a large oval-shaped area in the Atlantic. And a number of aircraft and surface ships that were equipped with radar have flown over this area and found nothing. I have no idea what happened to them.

Q - Has there been anything more on the Kimross plane-disappearance case?
A - No, all I know about that is what Major Keyhoe and I were able to find out about the time he was writing his book.

Q - Do you have any opinion on the so-called "skyquakes"? The usual thing is that they're blamed on jets breaking the sound barrier, but that there were no jets in the air at the time. Do you think they're connected with flying saucers?
A - I don't know what the answer is to that, but it's going on all over the world. It's some kind of a terrific concussion at high altitudes. Incidentally, even if just before this it happened they're under strict orders not to go through the sound barrier.