The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" with the title "Flight 2-B, 4602d AISS".

The OCR text from the document is as follows:

COMMENTS of Preparing Officer:

1. Immediate action was taken to investigate this report. All available military and civilian organizations were called upon for additional information and/or identification. No further information was obtained.

2. There were two military and three civilian aircraft in the immediate vicinity at the approximate time of the sighting. Negative reports were made regarding these aircraft.

3. Negative information was received from the local Astronomer regarding astronomical phenomena. The 663rd AG radio telescope station of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the White Sands Proving Grounds reported no unusual information received from the Astrological data, nor was additional information received from Randoll Flight Service.

4. The weather station at Nashville reported conditions at Nashville and Knoxville generally as CLEAR. Balloons ascent at Nashville and Knoxville does not send balloons aloft. It was the opinion of the personnel at Nashville that their balloon was not responsible for the object of the balloon is approximately 1000 ft at release. Due to the distance and winds it is doubtful if balloon could be seen at the time and location of the sighting.

5. This sighting appears to suggest some type of aircraft or balloon. It was observed for ten to fifteen minutes and therefore had a very slow rate of speed. Inasmuch as all available negative reports have been received from military jet aircraft (EF-84) in the air at the time was ruled out by SOURCES when the object was noted, and did not cause noise due to jets off at the time. These two were the only jets aloft at the time. Noise usually accompanies the jets' departure.

It was not too large, nor was the speed excessive for a weather balloon. It is difficult to suggest an aircraft responsible for the sighting because they came directly into the Municipal Airport within about six minutes. They did not change their course radically as suggested by SOURCES. They did not charge their course radically as suggested by some sources of balloons from local weather stations. This was reported by the more intensive personnel at the stations.

6. The preparing officer has no opinions regarding this event unless it was some type balloon on which no determination or decision could be made. A pre-determined altitude and remain there as it moved horizontally across the country. It is interesting to note that an apsite of the large size was observed for a length of time and in sight at one location. Nothing showed on radar screens and the possibility of its being a weather balloon has been ruled out. Add this to the conclusion.