The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document related to a UFO sighting.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

8. ATIC photo specialists and undersigned approached the matter from the viewpoint of an aircraft in flight. However, microscopic, macroscopic and other qualitative and analytical data included in the report does not reveal anything consistent with a flying vehicle. The trail or streak behind the object apparently resulted concurrently; from what is termed a "transonic dislocation".

9. All three ATIC photo specialists are in agreement as to the above conclusion.

10. The ATIC specialists also arrive at the same conclusion, independently and without knowledge of ATIC's findings (see para 6 above).

11. The UFO questionnaire which attempted to correlate the sighting with the probability that the source first found the object on the outside while under constant UFO report to ATIC. 

12. This office has reason to believe that this sighting was presented to members of two separate organizations. It may, therefore, receive wide-spread notoriety through newspaper articles and similar media.

13. Normally, we do not present our specific findings or conclusions to UFO sources or observers. Volume alone would make this an impossibility. However, it is the opinion of this office that the results of our specific conclusions should be made known to the individuals who make contributions to the solution of the perplexing unidentified flying objects to the effect that the contribution and results may be appreciated by the Air Force.

14. The recommendations made in the preceding paragraph may serve to curtail the private UFO organizations a constant demand for personal interviews and UFO investigations. With regard to the latter, an investigation in June of this year of all individuals submitted to us by the flying saucer observers resulted in the conclusion that the sightings had merit and, in fact, bordered on the "fantastic" or "incredible" categories.

15. In keeping with the above recommendations submitted in paragraphs 12 and 13 above, and subject to your approval, attached is a proposed reply to the head of this private UFO organization.

4. Incls
1. UFO prints - 25w
2. UFO prints - Col. __
3. Proposed ltr to UFORG
4. Ltr from Dr. Hynes