The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

INTRODUCTION

In June, 1947, Kenneth Arnold, a Boise, Idaho, businessman and private pilot, publicly reported the now-famous sighting of a chainlike formation of disc-shaped objects near Mount Rainier, Washington. Resulting in the term "flying saucer" publicity of this incident caused the public interest, and shortly thereafter, a rash of reports of unidentified aerial objects spawned the term "flying saucers". During the years since 1947, many reports of unidentified aerial objects have been received by the Air Force from many sources.

The unfortunate term "flying saucer", or "flying disc", because of its widespread and indiscriminate use, requires definition. Many definitions have been offered, one of the best being that originated by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Director of the Dudley Observatory of The Ohio State University, who has taken a scientific interest in the problem of unidentified aerial objects since 1949. Dr. Hynek's definition of the term is "any aerial phenomenon or sighting that remains unexplained to the viewer at least long enough for it to warrant a report about it".(1) Dr. Hynek, elaborating on his definition, says, "Each flying saucer so defined, has associated with it a probable lifetime, it wanders in the field of public inspection like an electron in a field of ions, until 'captured' by an explanation which pins it down to its existence as a 'flying saucer'".(1)

This definition would be applicable to any and all of the sightings which remained unidentified during this study. However, the term "flying saucers" shall be used hereafter in this report to mean a novel, airborne phenomenon, a manifestation that is not a part of or readily explainable by the fund of scientific knowledge known to be possessed by the Free World. This would include such items as natural phenomena that are not yet completely understood, psychological phenomena, or intruder aircraft of a type that may be possessed by some source in large enough numbers so that more than one independent mission may have been flown and reported. Thus, these phenomena are of the type which should have been observed and reported more than once.

Since 1947, public interest in the subject of unidentified aerial objects fluctuated more or less within reasonable limits until the summer of 1952, when the frequency of reports of sightings reached a peak, possibly stimulated by several articles on the subject in leading popular magazines.

Early in 1952, the Air Force's cumulative study and analysis of reported sightings indicated that the many of reports could be accounted for as misinterpretations of known objects (such as meteors, balloons, or aircraft), a few as the result of mild hysteria, and a very few as the result of unfamiliar meteorological phenomena and light aberrations. However, (1) Hynck, J. A., "Unusual Aerial Phenomena", Journal of the Optical Society of America, 43 (4), 311-314, April 1953.