There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

KELLY INVASION IS WORLD - WIDE LEGEND

The battle of Kelly -- pitting man against creature -- has long since been lost. But its strange phenomena are apparently still being talked and re-fought at all four corners of the globe. 

It has been two years since the now-legendary Martian invasion was staged in North Christian, but it was only yesterday that Hopkinsville Police Chief Russell Greenwell received his 150th query into the episode.

The writer, Heinrich Shumacker, recently read about the weird visit by the little green men and is seeking newspaper accounts of the four-hour gun battle required to expel the reported attack.

The letter is just one of a barrage of inquiries that Chief Greenwell has received since Hopkinsville's night of Aug. 21, 1955. Similar letters have been received from curious readers in every state in the union as well as from countries in Europe, Mexico and several South American nations.

The incident received nation-wide publicity shortly after some "12 or 15 little bug-eyed green men" supposedly landed their space ship on the Gannon brothers farm eight miles north of this city.

Seven persons in the area claimed they waged a four-hour shotgun and rifle battle with the outer space creatures. City, county, state and even military authorities were called to the scene to probe the weird reports.

In addition to the letters the police chief has received pamphlets, magazines and other writings relating to flying saucer stories. One magazine, "Saucer Review," published about a month ago, carried a seven-page article describing the Hopkinsville "encounter" with these other space creatures.

The chief said that to this day he, among others, didn't know whether to believe or disbelieve the story of the little green men and their space ship. "There has been much speculation of this mystery but nothing factual to prove or disprove the 'invasion.'"

CERTIFIED TRUE COPY:
(Signature)
CHARLES M. KIRK 
1st Lt., USAF
Adjutant