The image contains a photograph of a child's painting depicting the bright Kansas Oklahoma fireball of 17 December 1955. The image shows a bright object in the sky surrounded by a fiery trail. The text below the image describes the fireball as "as bright as day" and mentions that the fireball is of interest to the public and scientific community for fireball study.

Text from the document:

Today scientists at the RAND Corporation are tackling an unsolved mystery that has been bothering astronomers for 150 years. The mystery is about reports that when giant meteors flash across the sky there are noises - a buzzing, hissing sound. Could this be a problem. Certainly one of these big meteors flashing across the sky almost as bright as the sun itself must sweep up a gigantic sound. This very speed of their passage may explain the hissing sound reported by many eyewitnesses. 

But It Can't Happen!
Just the same there is a violation of physics in the reports that say you can see the fireball and hear the sound at the same time. The common part of these reports is that the sound is heard at exactly the same time the fireball is seen. 

If you have ever seen a bright fireball - and by that we mean one that lights the night sky up as bright as day - you will know that it is at least 100 miles away. The speed of light is 186,000 miles a second. And the speed of sound is only about 1/5 of a mile per second. So the time lag between seeing the fireball and hearing the sound should be the time it takes the sound to travel from where the fireball was to where you are. This would be about 3 minutes.

Thus, because of what was known about the speed of sound, most scientists rejected these reports of hearing sound at the same time the fireball was seen. 

Trying to Solve It
Today's scientists think that the reports may be genuine. If so, the sound must be traveling at a much faster speed than normal. How can a fireball produce a sound that travels 100 times as fast as ordinary sound? The answer may be in some electromagnetic radiation effects. The tremendous heat of the fireball may ionize the air, creating an electrical charge that can send out a pulse through the atmosphere.

If you have ever seen a bright fireball - and by that we mean one that lights the night sky up as bright as day - you will know that it is at least 100 miles away. The speed of light is 186,000 miles a second. And the speed of sound is only about 1/5 of a mile per second. So the time lag between seeing the fireball and hearing the sound should be the time it takes the sound to travel from where the fireball was to where you are. This would be about 3 minutes.

If this is the case, it will give scientists some specific problems to experiment with:
1. How can a fireball send out electromagnetic waves that travel much faster than sound?
2. How can these waves be detected and measured?
Perhaps it's electricity. There is much evidence to suggest that meteors do send out electromagnetic waves of some kind. In 1938, in Madrid, Spain, the city electric lights were put out for a short time by the passage of a fireball. The Schyolte-Aline (Russia) meteor of 1947 produced currents in a disconnected telephone wire. It was enough current to give the repairmen a shock.

A few observers have reported fluctuations of the compass needle during meteor showers and during meteor passage. Meteors are sometimes heard as static on ordinary radios, and Canadians physicists have shown that some bright fireballs give off radio waves.

If you have any information to the scientists who are working on this problem, Address your letter to Dr. Donald H. Menzel, RAND Corporation, 1700 Main Street, Santa Monica, California 90406.

Do not write CURRENT SCIENCE.