The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

OCR Output:

(A) With respect to the whole problem of talking to the public, I think the truth to be said is that we are not really equipped to handle this situation properly. We are a technical organization, not a public relations organization, and our experience in talking to the public has been sadly lacking. However, I do feel that in the interest of the public and of official policy, we should make some attempt to give out the truth to the people.

(B) I say that a first hand account by a technically competent observer, even though it may lean toward the sensational, is certainly preferable to the wildly exaggerated rumors that go 
circulating around the country. The public deserves to get as accurate and objective a story as possible, and I believe that we should make some effort, even at the risk of occasional sensationalism, to give them the facts as we know them.

(C) There is no foolproof way of preventing the general public from obtaining some information on this subject. The UFO sightings are being reported more and more frequently, and the public interest is mounting. Newspaper and radio coverage is increasing, and the general demand for more information is becoming insistent. Under these circumstances, I feel that it would be in the best interests of the Air Force and the government to initiate an official program of limited public information, handled in such a way as to avoid the creation of mass hysteria, but at the same time satisfying the legitimate and healthy public curiosity.

I am 35 years old, a officer, and graduated with distinction in Physics from the University of California in 1944. I have had 10 years experience in the field of scientific and technical intelligence, including the interpretation of photographs for intelligence purposes. I feel that I am qualified to discuss this problem from a technical point of view.