Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph present in the document provided. The image shows only text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now transcribe the text found in the document:

52 52
their rookers, or had spots on their apdeckatles -- you got a good deal of Bs material, ven about the sighting. I don't know the source of those other fellows who were level-headed and in positions of responsibility. 
You could go in and ask them questions, you could renerally look at the photographs, and if you asked about the promise that they had) probably you are see them. Of course, somebody might not be allowed to take them out, and they might ask vou not to say anything about it; also, because we weren't too successful, I didn't want to say or give any other indications that we made an investigation or anything like that. 
But after those remarkable aightings in July 1952, when those things cane in and startled National Airport, when they circled in White House and the Pentagon, and had on our radar screens as they picked up, I have a very definite memory. 
In my book I've itemized the kinds of things that were seen, but they were seen in quantity. Then all of a sudden there was nothing more about them. As I say, this was, in Washington, that made the newspapers one night, I think of July 25th. CA that day, General Samford's press conference in which he said these things were seen, but he didn't know what they were. Definately, I've read the report and I know that our airfields were on the alert 24 hours a day, and I put it on the air that same night. It's stated quite a bit in those newspapers that were among them -- called the White House and the Pentagon and urged that they respond to from as reported, when the creatures that controlled and operated them were probably in radio contact with the device and this is what "v" said they thought was happening, that we might be starting something that we couldn't finish. And on the morning of the 29th the White House called off the whole sirtair.
That night there was an alert all up and down the east coast. A gigantic object, about 60,000 feet, had come down from Canada. The jets were ready to go as soon as it got ven low enough, but they couldn't get up there that high. This thing whatever it was was tracked vith our radar and started over Virginia, and our jets were ready to take off if it ever got low enough for them to reach.
And immediately following these dramatic and rather alarming sightings over the national airport, the policy of the military and government which seems to have been a desire to continuously by the Air Force ever sinces was put into effect. I don't know whether you've found that in other reports that I've seen, but they definitely wanted to cover up these sightings which made so many headlines. GS of these things came over V'ashington and all around the Airports; they flew in formation un and down between National Airport and some of the other buildings. They were seen visually by quite a few people, and they were picked up on our radar screens. Reports came out of many other cities -- in fact, the first of September, 1952 by the Civil Aeronautics Authority -- Technical Development Report"