The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document appears to be a detailed report describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The report provides information about the sighting, including the date, location, and details about the object observed. It also includes observations and measurements related to the incident.

31. USE THIS SHEET FOR ANY COMMENTS, OPINIONS OR ADDITIONAL DATA NOT COVERED BY THE QUESTIONS.

At approximately 01:52, 25 August 1955, I was motioned to see what I could see. I noticed a bright light in the sky, as I was looking out, the bright light began to slow down perceptibly at about 100MPH. When it faded in the distance it was bright enough still to be visible. The light would reappear and paint strongly at that point but would not move, and then it disappeared completely. I called "Captain Controller, Capt. Moore," to tell him I'm certain. He said if it reappeared again he'd call "Drop Controller" to get a closer look. It reappeared again shortly and was observed about 4 miles out. When he was about 3 miles out, the target was lost, it could have made maneuvers I was not able to observe.

DR 17 did not get a visual nor was he able to make any contact on his weapon. From then on we kept watching for other light displays. But, as soon as he had the 14 after headed toward us, it disappeared. Did exactly the same thing again. The next time it came back, the 14 tC would not respond. We continued to watch for a while, but the next time it was ready to make another pass, the 14 tC was not on the air. So, from then on, the RTCC began to suspect the track. We tried unsuccessfully to contact Radar again. Maybe the RTCC was correct, but it was decided the track was not valid.

There were several things quite odd about this incident:

1. Checker of the Recorder's Logs show a definite disturbance in speed from 021:27 until 022:07 and 022:27 and 023:07. Greater than 1,000 mph. This erratic operation seems to indicate something very fast and significant.

2. A constant check of the height-finder never gave a height indication.

3. A constant check of the upper beam both by myself and by DR 17 never revealed a track going through our area, yet when it faded, it had come almost straight down.

4. This track failed about the same place that the track Lt Forr observed earlier.

"Droptastic" 17 could observe no lights above or below him through it departed the radar-observed area, where there were no small towns. It was traveling so fast that no more than 3 or 4 sweeps were obtained. The target faded from my scope.

ATIC FORM 333 (REVISED 15 JUL 51)