The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the origin and nature of data related to UFO sightings.

ORIGIN AND NATURE OF DATA

Reports of sightings were received by the U.S. Air Force from a representative cross section of the population of the U.S., and varied widely in completeness and quality. Included were reports from reputable scientists, housewives, farmers, students, and technicians trained in observation, as well as from a few reporters and persons stating that a "flying saucer" had been sighted, to those containing thousand of words, including description, speculation, and advice on how to handle the "problem of the flying saucers". Some reports were of high quality, complete, and as complete as the observer could make them; a few originated from people confined to mental institutions. A critical examination of the reports revealed, however, that a high percentage of them was submitted by serious people, mystified by what they had seen and motivated by patriotic responsibility.

Three principal sources of reports were noted in the preliminary review of the data. The bulk of the data arrived at ATIC through regular military channels, from 1947 until the middle of 1952.

A second type of data consisted of letters reporting sightings sent by civilian observers directly to ATIC. Most of these direct communications were dated subsequent to April 30, 1952, and are believed to be the result of a suggestion by a popular magazine that future reports be directed to the Air Technical Intelligence Center. As could be expected, a large number of letters was received following this publicity.

A third type of data was that contained in questionnaire forms completed by the observer himself. A questionnaire form, developed during the course of this study, was mailed to a selected group of writers of direct letters with the request that the form be completed and returned.

In general, the data were subjective, consisting of qualified estimates of physical characteristics rather than of precise measurements. Furthermore, most of the reports were not reduced to written form immediately. The time between sighting and report varied from one day to several years. Both of these factors introduced an element of doubt concerning the validity of the original data, and increased its subjectivity. This was intensified by the recognized inability of the average individual to estimate speeds, distances, and sizes of objects in the air with any degree of accuracy. In spite of these limitations, methods of statistical analysis of such reports in sufficiently large groups are valid. The danger lies in the possibility of drawing conclusions from individual reports.