The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

forgetting the subjectivity of the data at the time that conclusions are drawn from their analysis. It must be emphasized, again and again, that any conclusions contained in this report are based NOT on facts, but on what many observers thought and estimated the true facts to be.

Altogether, the data for this study consisted of approximately 4,000 reports of sightings of unidentified aerial objects. The majority were re-ceived through military channels and from the form of observer-completed questionnaires submitted by reasonably authoritative and questionably reliable sources. Sightings made between June, 1947, and December, 1952, were considered for this study. Sightings alleged to have occurred prior to 1947 were not considered, since they were not reported to official sources until after public interest in "flying saucers" had been stimulated by the popular press.

REDUCTION OF DATA TO MECHANIZED COMPUTATION FORM

As received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center, the sighting reports were not in a form suitable for even a quasi-scientific study. A preliminary review of the data indicated the need for standardized interrogation procedures and supplemental forms for the reduction of currently available data to a form amenable to scientific appraisal.

The plan for reduction of the data to usable form consisted of a program of development comprising four major steps: (1) a systematic listing of the factors necessary to evaluate the observer and his report, and to identify the unknown object observed; (2) a standard scheme for the transfer of data to a mechanized computation system; (3) an orderly means of relating the original data to all subsequent forms; and (4) a consistent procedure for the identification of the phenomenon described by the original data.

Questionnaire

The first reports received by ATIC varied widely in completeness and quality. Air Force Letter 200-5 dated 29 April 1952, were attempts to fix responsibility for and improve the quality of the reports of sightings. To coordinate past efforts to provide standardization for the

(1) A modified Air Force Form 112 lists pertinent questions to be answered in regard to an unidentified-object sighting.
(2) Air Force Letter 200-5 places responsibility with the Air Force for the investigation, reporting, and analysis of unidentified aerial objects. This letter is dated 29 April 1952.