The image appears to contain a typed document or report from the Project Blue Book UFO research project. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Excerpt from "Teleme Research Center"
as possible so that our world could know we have powerful friends in the heavens above - friendly visitors who are here to aid all mankind in many ways. Yet, that didn't make any difference to the communicating UFO's. Did they actually pick up our thoughts through the use of telepathy? - - They could highly developed remote controlled machines and knew the answers to that. But we don't know. The UFO PATROL NETWORK will be very active this Fall when May comes goes to Earth once again. If amateur astronomers and radio operators can get together and do all in their power to contact the visitors. This is the psychological time so No matter where you live ... big city, industrial area, a small village, remote community, desert or mountains top ... the SYSTEM CAN HEAR YOU!

UFO News Report by THOMAS M. COMELLA
EXCLUSIVE RATE STUDIES AMAZING COLOR PHOTO OF UFO. TRC is now examining one of the most conclusive UFO photographs ever taken! It is not photographic detail which has convinced the TRC that the UFO involved is shown on a color Kodachrome slide.

The photographer was talking with his parents at approximately 9:00 p.m. Suddenly, a brilliant multi-colored object, described as a camera Model H, 35 mm., with lens, appeared from the south. Suddenly, it moved toward the north and followed a horizontal trajectory. At its nearest point to the observer, the photographer took the picture.
The TRC agreed that the film probably would show nothing. However, when the slides was returned from the processing laboratory, a remarkable reproduction of the object was present. The object was blue in color. It was definitely a disc-shape with a surrounding haze.
The size involved is certainly not a light from any airborne object. The photographer had a 35 mm. lens on his camera. Therefore, judging the size of the object to be a certain distance (as realized in full view of the observer), the object couldn't have been more than a meter or so in diameter!
Also, meteors follow curved trajectories, but this object didn't.