The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a hand-drawn illustration and accompanying text.

The text reads as follows:

Most people know that you see and hear a high-flying jet plane at different spots in the sky. This is because sound travels so much slower than does light. However, some people report a "thump" or "other sound" that seems to come directly from the jet. This may be related to meteors sent out a signal over and above the radar that was trained on them. There seems enough evidence to suspect that meteors may send out electromagnetic signals.

Closing in
If these signals do reach the observer in the next problem is how do they get changed into sound? 

For about a quarter of a century, scientists said this "radio" waves from the meteor were changed into sound by non-linear rectification. This simply means that objects near the observer, something acted as a natural radio receiver. These would work much like the old fashioned crystal sets.

Any metal object which is excited by an outside layer may convert radio frequencies to sound frequencies. The galena crystal worked like this. Today we know the same job. A man standing near an old model, rusty, untunable would have better luck than a man in a new car, according to this theory.

Thus, we have a pattern. A sudden, startling ignition in the atmosphere caused by shock waves and the speeding light waves. Both then reach the observer together, regardless of the distances involved. 

Some metal object, near the observer, changes the radio to sound.

This is the older theory. It's a little hard to confirm with controlled experiment. Fireballs do not come on schedule.

Another electrical, and very different hypothesis is based on the fact that the electrical charge in the earth's atmosphere is negative in relation to a gigantic electrical condenser.

Biological Answers
More recently, and more imaginatively, the latest theory is that the electromagnetic radiation from the fireball is picked up by living tissue within the body of the observer.

Experiments in the last couple of years have shown conclusively that radiation at radio frequencies can be registered at the head of the observer. The mechanism of the process is still largely unknown.

But much more data is needed, and RAND scientists are seeking to have it available. They want to hear from any observer who has had such an experience. If you know of such a person, send the date to the address given in the box on our previous page. Do not send it to RAND. Consulting Scientists are especially interested in experiences of Children. There is some evidence that they may be better observers than their parents. Get busy now.