There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing only text.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
AF FORM 112--PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
D.C. ENTRY: AIRO
15-01-55
PAGE 2 OF 6 PAGES
This investigation developed the incident, as it evolved in chronological order, from the initial sighting to tho subsequent observations and any information relative t o the object reported. It also records the specific details of the sighting, i.e. number, size, shape, color, speed, direction, duration, etc.
The initiating event was the CPSD radar contact at 2355/14 December 1954. This initial contact was under the control system of the GCA radar station located in the Tokyo area. The object was tracked on this radar for approximately 13 minutes until it passed out of range. The radar scope showed the object to be traveling at a speed approximately 1,230 (ground speed) knots. The object traveled the distance of about 80 miles in the 13 minutes time indicated. It also had a 0-50 which had a signal return from Yokata AB 3,700 feet above the ground. No further amplification of this information was available from the GCA radar crews. Approximate.y 1235 (local time) the Tokyo Radar Traffic Control (hereafter referred to as TRTC) came on watch and immediately picked up the target on their radar. This target was about 15-20 miles northwest of Tokyo proper when picked up by TRTC. The target was tracked until approximately l30l at which time it was at a position about 25 miles north of Tokyo proper, at an approximate altitude of 15,000 to 20,000 feet. It was controlled by TRTC until it passed out of range at about 1301. During this period it was observed to make an abrupt turn to the southwest and back again on several occasions. It was also observed that the target seemed to be alternately tracking southwest and northeast in no apparent pattern or sequence, The TRTC radar crews stated that they had obtained precise plots of the target which indicated the sudden changes in direction and high rate of speed at times. However, they advised that they could not be certain of the distance or altitude between the various plots of the object. It was also stated that the radar had trouble locking onto the target due to the high speed and erratic movement. The target showed on the scope as a single, bright return approximately the same size as a B-29 on radar. No other objects were observed in the vicinity of the target. TRTC was in contact with all aircraft in the area at the time and none were coincident with the target. The target appeared to be completely unrelated to any known air traffic in the area.

At approximately 1300 (local time) a Tokyo Tower Watch Center operator observed what he believed to be an extremely bright light in the vicinity of Mt. Fuji. This was observed from the Tokyo Tower for approximately 10-15 minutes. At times the light seemed to fade and then reappear at about the same position. The light was visible to the naked eye and was described as a very brilliant white light. It appeared to be at a high altitude and its position was in a southwestern direction with respect to Tokyo Tower. During the visual observation, the object was tracked and plotted by the radar at TRTC. The TRTC radar confirmed that the bright light observed was their radar target, which they had been tracking. The TRTC radar operators had visual confirmation of the object through the use of binoculars and they stated that the object appeared to be self-luminous and was not reflecting sunlight. The TRTC radar crews advised that they continued to track the object until approximately 1330 when it faded from their scope, presumably passing out of range. The operators stated that the object showed no signs of engine exhaust or any other visible means of propulsion. Its course was described as erratic with sudden changes in direction and speed. It was reported to have traveled over 100 miles during the time it was under observation. No other aircraft were observed in the vicinity and there were no reports of any other known air traffic in the area during this period. No information was available as to what the object could have been. The report stated that the object was not any type of known aerial vehicle and that "the sighting remains unexplained."