The image does not contain any photographs, only text. The text appears to be an index of tables related to the evaluation of UFO sightings for the year 1952, including details on sighting reliability, reported colors of objects, and evaluations by number of objects per sighting. The information provided covers various aspects of the analysis of UFO sightings.

INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)

Table A59. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1952 by Sighting Reliability Groups.
Table A60. Reported Colors of Objects Sighted by Years, All Sightings.
Table A61. Reported Colors of Objects Sighted by Years, Unit Sightings.
Table A62. Reported Colors of Objects Sighted by Years, Object Sightings. 
Table A63. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported.
Table A64. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported.
Table A65. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported.
Table A66. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, One Object.
Table A67. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Two Objects.
Table A68. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Three to Ten Objects.
Table A69. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, More than Ten Objects.
Table A70. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Number of Objects Not Stated.
Table A71. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, One Object.
Table A72. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Two Objects.
Table A73. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Three to Ten Objects.
Table A74. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, More than Ten Objects.
Table A75. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Number of Objects Not Stated.
Table A76. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, One Object.
Table A77. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Two Objects.
Table A78. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Three to Ten Objects.
Table A79. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, More than Ten Objects.
Table A80. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting, Number of Objects Not Stated.
Table A81. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, All Years.
Table A82. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1947.