The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

I. DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:
(1) MRS. XXXX, (2) MRS. XXXX, BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
Address: XXXX STREET, BALTIMORE, MARYLAND 
(3) MR. XXXX
Present Position: XXXX STREET, BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
(4) Other inhabitants of the 2200 block of SOUTH PACA STREET and other workers at the BETHLEHEM STEEL CORPORATION.

II. RELIABILITY SOURCES were all eye-witnesses of the UFO. Rather than make any subjective evaluation of their reliability, all their statements are here given as they were told to the interviewer. However, their story could not be taken as 100% fact, as she denied having seen the object on the first occasion, and alleged that she did not have the equipment to take a photograph. Her subsequent statements and those of the other witnesses seem to corroborate with each other.

III. SOURCES' DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: At approximately 23/1723 FEBRUARY 1955 two objects were seen coming from the WEST to the EAST, which is LAST of the aircraft contrail direction. The objects were traveling approximately 700-800 mph at an altitude of approximately 20,000 feet, and continued at approximately the same altitude, and about 25 yards to the NORTH. The latter maneuver indicated the objects were under control. The size of the objects was approximately that of a star. It was described as a blue light, and emitted a bluish glow. It then sped off at a very high rate of speed, and landed on the ground. It then lifted off again, and landed again.

A second (second) of people came around to watch it. It was described as:
(1) Resembling cotton candy.
(2) Something like a huge mass of fish eggs.
(3) Bubbly like soap, only much stronger -- there were 20 bubbles that seemed to burst away.

The object was picked up with sticks, and they went right through the mass. When the sticks were withdrawn, no residue was evident. Another unidentified blue-white object similar in size remained 15 on his hand.

While the people watched, the object slowly disintegrated. When it was about two (2) feet in diameter it blew an automobile tire over the area. The tire came from the disappearing object, there were no traces on the tire -- the tire was clean.