The image does not contain a photograph. It shows a scanned page of a document with typed text and some handwritten annotations. Here is the text as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Memorandum for Mr. -----------

SUBJECT: Brief on UFO Research Council and Courses of Action

1. On 3 February 1956, Mr. Roush, UFO Research Council, located in Cleveland, was granted a conference in ATIC, with Capt. Hardin, Dr. Robinson and Mr. Wilson. This conference was the result of a letter (attached) sent to President Eisenhower, which through channels (Sherman Adams, Gen. Kelly etc. at the USAF Legislative Liaison Office, etc.) was approved by Col Eriksen on 30 January (letter attached).

2. A number of cases in dossier form, were submitted to ATIC by this organization, and it appears, a promise was exacted from Capt Hardin that the cases would be studied or explained, and a reply as to the results would be given to this group.

3. This matter was brought to the undersigned's attention recently by a letter from Mr. Moulder dated 6 June 1956, reiterating this promise (letter attached). A check with Dr. Robinson indicates that a promise was made. 

4. To the best of the undersigned's knowledge, it was determined that no action of any kind has been taken on this matter.

5. Dr. Hynek stated a few weeks ago (prior to receipt of Mr. --------------- letter) that this organization was one of the most active; that he had personally met its members and being a dedicated group, would normally press matters to a conclusion, if necessary.

6. For your information and background, and to save you the trouble of reviewing the large mass of data of each case, the following is a brief summary of the 'top cases submitted to ATIC by the council in February of this year.

a. -------- case,
Sighting: 22 October 1955
Cleveland, Ohio area over 105th St.
Object: Circular, bright orange glow, 500 feet off the ground. A bright, orange light was observed shining from the bottom of the object towards the earth.

b. -------- case,
Sighting: 22 October 1955
4711 Ardendale Road
South Euclid, Ohio
7:15 p.m.
Object: Large. Wide as average house. Made gruff course noise. Somewhat spherical in shape. Row of yellow lights.
Tree-top height.
---VALAIR 
---AR 3B
---DSCLA 

c. -------- case,
Sighting: Late July or early August (date indefinite) 1955
North of Mulberry Corner, Ohio (Int. Route 6 & 303)
6:45 p.m.
Object: Size described as larger than house, and as flat, circular in shape. Red light in front, green in rear. Hovered about fifty feet in the air for about five minutes. Two spot lights threw their beams on the ground. Noise like a fan. Object then drifted away.
UNCLASSIFIED
---