There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

UNCLASSIFIED
(SECURITY INFORMATION when Filled in)
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORTING AGENCY
DEC 23 /1952 AI92
SUBJECT- BB-USHB-3-55 PART FORM
COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER
1. The possibility that the balloon identified in PART THREE, par. 2, of this report has been intercepted at a point approximately seven miles northeast, there and one-half mile up, would appear to be acceptable. The tracking has been conducted continuously since the initial observation and the location of the balloon at the times indicated checks closely with the determined location of the sighting. Detailed observation of the balloon by the Ground Observation Corps, in addition to radar contact, plus the reported characteristic activities, make this theory the most plausible explanation. The sighting was reported as occurring between 2230 and 2300 hours. The balloon was observed by the GOC to be in the indicated position at that time. Intermittant contact, due to the failure of radar elements in the area, was experienced during the period, but the balloon was never lost from view after the initial sighting. Observations of the balloon's position and activities by the GOC are considered reliable and correlated with the reported sighting.
2. The source fixed the position of the original sighting at 270, observed altitude approximately 2,500 feet, and indicated a time of observation of approximately 2240 hours. Considering these factors in conjunction with the reported position of the balloon, there appears to be a reasonable correlation. The object was reportedly viewed for a period of about 15-20 minutes, disappearance being attributed to the fact that it passed behind some trees, toward the north. The reports do not support this claim. In negative, the object is opaque, with the same directional course indicated in the same direction, and the disappearance could not be attributed to the described obstacle. The object did not reappear.
3. Disregarding the slight blurring effect produced by camera movement, all indications show the image was that of a balloon. The image forms shown in negative 72 are not more than 300 feet from the camera lens. It is sharply defined and the only source of light appears to be the sun. The image element of the camera set at infinity. Objects at a distance greater than 500 feet should appear with relatively sharp focus, provided the focusing of the lens was properly adjusted. It is concluded that the image of the object was relatively minute, probably less than six inches across.
4. Considering the effect produced by the distortion of the human eye, when dealing with an object so distant, the hypothesis is accordingly discussed.

UNCLASSIFIED