The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, the United States Air Force's study of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"SUBJECT: Release of Information of Belieu UFO Investigation

TO: Headquarters, 20th Air Division 
    ADC 
    Eglin Air Force Base, Florida

FROM: Director of Intelligence, Hq USAF
    Washington 25, D.C.

1. For the benefit of the Air Force space research program I would like to make the following comments on the investigation of the UFO incident concerning Mr. Belieu which occurred on 28 December 1954 near Pittsfield and Detroit, Maine. Although the investigation led to a "solved" case, a very little known information was obtained on certain details. 

2. As a member of the ground air intelligence I have set up a group to make a systematic study of the characteristics and performances of air objects which may be reported as unknown flying objects. A more detailed study reveals that many of the reported incidents can be explained as natural phenomena, misidentified familiar objects, or possibly even conventional aircraft under unusual conditions of visibility. This investigation, since the collection was assembled in a hurried fashion, is still somewhat incomplete. However, the collected material appears to be of value as a starting point for more detailed study by the Air Force or other agencies of the investigation.

3. The object that passed so brilliantly that it was seen from a deep and wide-spread blizzard that covered the whole of western Alaska. It was a brilliant blue-green color and traveled at an estimated speed of over several thousand miles per hour. (For 15 minutes after disappearance, sub-sequential bright flashes, which were apparently a hydrogen bomb explosion, occurred in the distance.) Immediately after the object passed, this particular area was observed to have a high rate of radioactivity which lasted only for a few minutes.

4. It appears that the Air Force is not greatly interested in this type of information from a defense point of view. However, I believe that the scientific value of the accumulated material could contribute substantially to our knowledge of the upper atmosphere and the nature of phenomena occurring therein."