The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which is an unclassified U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

OCR Output:

UNCLASSIFIED

4th Distrust OSI-IO
Building Air Force Base
Washington 25, D.C.

24 FEB 1955

SUBJECT: (Unclassified) Unidentified Flying Object Observed in Vicinity of Bethesda, Maryland on 10 February 1955 

TO: Director, Special Investigations
Headquarters USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

1. Reference is made to telephone conversation between Lt. Colonel EUGENE Kearns, Chief, Reports and Cartoons Branch, Counter-Intelligence Division, Joint Directors of Intelligence, and Lt. Colonel LESTER M. MITCHELL, this office, regarding the above subject on 16 February 1955.

2. As the request of Lt. Colonel Kearns, Captain WILLIAM A. BROEKER, Jr., 9391st Technical Intelligence Squadron, Langley Air Force Base, Virginia and Colonel Basil l. McConnell, Director, Office of Scientific Investigations, Department of the Army, were interviewed on 10 February 1955. Captain BROEKER reported that he had seen an unidentified, silver-colored, elongated object maneuvering at a very high speed, less than 2200 hours the previous night. 

As accordingly, on this case date, a colonel employed as an aircraft observer for the Industrial Division, Diamond Ordnance Fuze Laboratories, Adelphi, Maryland, was interviewed at the above installation. He advised that on 10 February 1955, while driving his car near Chevy Chase, Maryland, he observed a silver-colored, winglike object maneuver across the sky going at a very high speed. He stated that it appeared to be about the size of a jet fighter and that it maintained an altitude of approximately one hundred and fifty (150) feet, veering to the right and left as it flew. He further advised that the object appeared to climb at a 45 degree angle and attained a velocity in excess of 700 mph. He stated that the object appeared to be controlled, changing direction and altitude abruptly, and a spherical bottom. He recalled that it remained

UNCLASSIFIED

FOR