There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. This seems to be a typed document containing a detailed report of a UFO sighting.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Case File Number Two

Case File Number One and this one were grouped in an effort to substantiate Case File Number Three, which is in reference to a file which was based on a report of UFO's seen by Mr. and Mrs. ******* of ********* Ohio. For reasons of evaluation we would have to have some evidence to back it up. When we started our investigations, we were most skeptical as you have and will see, there is much corroboration and documentation of evidence here, proving we considered our search to determine what we did turn up--evidence which supports the findings. The names in this file have been changed--the reasons we change them are obvious. This file involves the experience of Mr. and Mrs. Willoughby, of Ohio.

Radio-Television Shows on the investigation of sightings, and the R-D-- are we have extensive accounts and reports, correspondents from various media thoroughly document their story--it stood out Here is the story:

"Written Dec. 23, 1955. To Whom It May Concern:--
One night in late July, or early in August, 1955 I closed my television shop and proceeded to go home. I had a journey of about 1/4 of a mile to walk across the road to get the mail. This was a very cloudy and dark early morning. As I reached up to open the mailbox, I saw this red light which seemed to swing above me at an angle. I could see the outlines of the thing and it appeared to be a transport plane but with no motors. It was so big it looked like a transport plane but could hear no motors.

The second or two I stood there, it flashed through my mind that this big plane was going to crash. The whole thing was illuminated with a brilliant white light. These craft were in a vertical beam or directly toward the ground. Then I got scared and ran back across the road and past my car. I did not stop to get in it. It would not crash! I realized it was a big red thing. The way it would dip back and forth with this little dance was peculiar. One blink, it would be gone, and the next blink it would be there. At one time the thing was right over me, It frightened me so that I ran in my house and told my wife. "Hell, no don't turn on any lights." This thing was still hovering there. After a few minutes it seemed to take off slowly and silently like nothing I had ever seen before. All there crying "what is it? Daddy, what is it?" (This detail shows over the passage about 50 to 100 feet off of the ground-hovering there-not moving. I could not move or run this thing was right over the house.)