The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from a public meeting of the Civilian Saucer Intelligence of New York on April 28, 1956. The speaker was Frank Edwards.

CIVILIAN SAUCER INTELLIGENCE OF NEW YORK
Public Meeting of April 28, 1956
Pythian Temple, 135 West 70th Street, New York City
Speaker: FRANK EDWARDS

The meeting was opened by A. D. Mebane, Secretary-Treasurer. Before introducing Frank Edwards, the speaker of the evening, he described briefly the history and present status of C.S.I. (of N.Y.), its membership of 100, and directed the audience's attention to the wall display of clippings, photos and information about the current commentary in the U.S. press on UFOs.

Frank Edwards' career in broadcasting has spanned virtually the entire history of electronic communication. As an aviator in the early 1920s, he became one of the radio announcers in 1933 and has been on the air ever since, doing the news commentary for the Mutual network. This broadcasts then also known by all scientists and millions of broadcasting millions of millions of people who knew he could be depended on to give a full and fair account of events that would never appear in the newspapers. At the time when sponsors would not department from the "party line" program - because of his refusal to submit to censorship - he was probably the country's best-known exponent of "living dangerously." Since that time he has been appearing daily on television station WTTV, Indianapolis, where he has continued to bring to the public the latest news about UFOs.

Surprisingly enough, although radio and television have brought him such renown in the field of flying-saucer investigation, his talk this evening was his first in-person public lecture on the topic.

One chapter of Frank Edwards' autobiography, My First Ten Million Sponsors, published by Ballantine, is devoted to the flying saucer story, and is one of the best short treatments of the subject that has yet appeared.

A summary of Mr. Edwards' lecture follows.

FLYING SAUCERS -- IN, ON, AND OFF THE AIR
(Condensation of a talk by Frank Edwards before C.S.I. of N.Y.)

Before we get into this, I'd like to say that I don't profess to be an expert on flying saucers. I don't know any more about them than you do. I'm a case reporter. I've dealt with a lot of stories, some of which were just as complex, confusing, and aggravating. I've dealt with it from the standpoint of a reporter who has found a very interesting story.

My interest in this field goes back a good many years. Back in the early 1930s, when I was just a kid, I used to fly an old Jenny bi-plane with a 90-horse power engine and a wooden propeller - it was prehistoric - and the sightings that started then I could never get out of my cockpit. One night I was in the office of an outfit known as the "Eastern Flying Services," where a famous aviator, was there. He was telling about something that had happened to him in the air over Newark Airport, the famous Saucer Acosta, the famous aviator, was there. He was telling about something that had happened to him in the air over Newark Airport, the famous saucer incident in which several other pilots had participated. This was in 1933. WTTV, Indianapolis, where he has continued to bring to the public the latest news about UFOs.