The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document discussing a sighting of "flying saucers" that occurred.

FINAL GALLEY PROOF
Galley 9--CHE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
Galley 9s--he world of flying saucers follower was slower than and somewhat behind its predecessor so that the entire formation was "like a stack of pancakes" leaning at about a 45-degree angle toward the direction of flight. (As this was to be the clue of that of the Chesapeake Bay UFOs.) The top saucer advanced more rapidly than the bottom ones so that as they flashed through the sky at the left of the observer they appeared to be in single file. Startled, he stopped his car and got out to scan the sky, but the saucers had disappeared. Some fifteen to twenty seconds later a similar formation appeared in the west. As they approached he could see that they were thin, flat disks, glowing with a white light, sharply defined and circular in shape; and apparently fifty to a hundred feet in diameter. As they passed, the stack again spread out into single file. When they were apparently eight to ten miles east, the three lead saucers suddenly accelerated, while the others on the bottom made a sharp turn to the north, as abruptly as balls bouncing off a wall. Concluding that the saucers might be images produced by an airfield beacon shining upward through very thin horizontal clouds, the observer continued to watch. They reappeared again and again, sometimes at the correct interval for an airfield beacon, but sometimes delayed for two or three minutes. To explain their occasional failure to appear on schedule, he reasoned that some very dense, fast-moving, high-altitude clouds must lie in the west between him and the beacon, so that sometimes the light could not penetrate to shine on the assumed stratified layers overhead, and sometimes the appearance of the phenomenon changed.
The top three saucers merged gradually into an indistinct blur, while the bottom two remained sharp and distinct and continued to dart abruptly to the north just before disappearing.
Although the observer was not able to see the very thin layers of cloud overhead that would be required to account for the sharply defined shape of the saucers, he concluded that his explanation was the most reasonable one.