The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed page from a Project Blue Book report.

Transcribed text:
These figures are not accurate and the data on the sighting are far too inconclusive to be of any real value, except perhaps in the chance that someone in the same vicinity had the opportunity to observe the same object at the same time, in which case chances are that such an observer would fail to record the sighting which any authority.

One thing I have failed to do is to check with the weather bureau on the ceiling for that date. By doing so we could determine that the object was not below such-and-such an altitude. I have under advisement to do so, but one becomes so discouraged with this type of mystery that I hesitate to follow through....

Although my brother failed to see the object, he was convinced that I had seen some reflection of some flashing jet. I would be inclined to agree with him but for two points: a) the object would not stand still and very definitely appeared to be a solid body, and b) the motion was quite irregular, not at all in keeping with any known type of aircraft. Unless the winds were such as to eliminate the sound from my position. 

Outside of a few sightings of "nocturnal wandering Lights", this is the only time I have observed what might possibly have been an UFO. If the data on many of the other cases were no better than mine, I'm afraid we would be forced to label the sightings "DUDS", as does the astronomer Sproul, Sir Harold Spencer Jones.

But as in the former case mentioned above, I find myself extremely perplexed as to the limited witnesses involving sightings over the metropolitan area. Nevertheless one of two explanations must be considered: a) the observer(s) suffer(s) from a subjective hallucination or b) people just do not look at the sky in New York City. Your views on this would perhaps be most enlightening.

I want to thank you again for your interest. If you might be able to add any further information to the above mentioned cases, we would be greatly appreciative.

Yours very truly,
Redacted Section 
Civilian Saucer Intelligence of New York 
New York 28, N.Y.