The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a newspaper called "The Lexington Herald" dated December 1, 1958.

Here is the text from the document:

THE LEXINGTON HERALD
Lexington, Ky., Monday Morning, December 1, 1958 Price 5c Vol. 88 No. 286

Magazine Says Russia Has A-Powered Bomber
By Vera Hanygan
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29 - ("The Russian nuclear-powered U.S. Air Force Deputy chief of bomber is not a flying jet bell, but staff for nuclear weapons developed
merely a "flying idea" as of the Canada will monitor air missile for the atomic alert system,"
the moment, according to U.S. sites in Canada, according to an We were told, revealed new
Air Force spokesmen. article in the current issue of U.S. details of a "secret" nuclear
The U.S. magazine Aviation Week, which propelled bomber program developing in the
said the latest classified reports says such a plane "is in Soviet Union.
of the U.S. Air Force indicate the experimental development." Based on information from
Russians have not yet successfully The U.S. Air Force Deputy official unnamed sources, the
tested a nuclear-powered jet chief said the United States magazine article stated the
bomber, as has been reported in some has received no intelligence Soviets have taken a "radical
publications. about such a plane, and that departure from conventional
The magazine said a number of there is no evidence it has been jet bomber design" in developing
previous reports that the Russians flown. a nuclear-powered bomber.
had developed a nuclear-powered The article added, however, the The new bomber, the article
bomber were extremely premature, United States is closely watching said, is being designed to carry
and that the Russians have observed the Soviet atomic energy program for conventional and nuclear
the fact that the U.S. officials and any evidence of such a weapons and to remain airborne
have withheld much of the secret development. indefinitely. 
details of the U.S. nuclear bomber The article also said the While no details were given
project. Russians have reportedly as to the type of nuclear power
U.S. Air Force spokesmen developed a "intercontinental plant that would be installed
said the current classified reports ballistic missile" (ICBM) which in the bomber, the magazine
indicate the Russians are working "almost certainly" would be said the Soviet aircraft was
on the development of a nuclear- capable of carrying nuclear expected to have "radiations
powered bomber, but "it is still in weapons, and are engaged control" devices built into it,
the experimental stage' and has in missile alert warning systems and that it was "not necessarily
not been successfully flown. similar to those in the U.S. a liquid metal cooled reactor."
The magazine Aviation Week, It said the U.S. Air Force Speculation was that the
in an article by its Washington had developed operational plans nuclear reactor on the Soviet
editor, Vera Hanygan, said the for meeting the threat of a bomber would be a solid uranium
Soviets are concentrating on nuclear-armed ICBM or bombar dment reactor, with means of
developing a nuclear-powered than those already available. remote-control and automatic 
bomber with the primary purpose These plans called for a vast shut-down systems in the event
of extending the time a bomber air alert system, and for of mechanical failure.
could remain airborne. intercepting missile launchings The article said both U.S.
The article said the Soviet within minutes and before crews and the Soviets are studying
nuclear-powered bomber is similer they could reach their targets. the feasibility of nuclear-powered
to the U.S. Air Force's B-47 Stratojet combat aircraft. The U.S. Air
medium jet bomber, which is not Force has experimented with
nuclear-powered. nuclear-powered jets, the magaThe magazine said the Soviet zine said, but its research has 
nuclear bomber would enable the been "far less advanced" than
Russians to keep such aircraft that of the Soviets.