This page contains an index of tables related to the evaluation of UFO sightings for various years, number of objects per sighting, and geographic locations. There is no photograph or image present on this page.

INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)

Table A 206.  Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting 
for Duration of Sighting, Eleven or More Objects

Table A 207.  Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting 
for Duration of Sighting, Three to Ten Objects

Table A 208.  Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting 
for Duration of Sighting, One or Two Objects

Table A 209.  Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting

Table A 210.  Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting 
for Duration of Sighting, Two Objects

Table A 211.  Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting 
for Duration of Sighting, Three to Four Objects

Table A 212.  Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting 
for Duration of Sighting, Five or More Objects

Table A 213.  Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting 
for Duration of Sighting, Six or More Objects Not Stated

Table A 214.  Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Geographic Location

Table A 215.  Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Geographic Location

Table A 216.  Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Geographic Location

Table A 217.  Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by North American Location

Table A 218.  Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by North American Location

Table A 219.  Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by North American Location

Table A 220.  Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by United States Regional Location

Table A 221.  Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by United States Regional Location

Table A 222.  Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by United States Regional Location

Table A 223.  Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central East Region

Table A 224.  Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Midwest Region

Table A 225.  Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Farwest Region

Table A 226.  Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Midwest Region

Table A 227.  Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South West Region

Table A 228.  Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Farwest Region

Table A 229.  Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central East Region

Table A 230.  Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Midwest Region

Table A 231.  Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Farwest Region

Table A 232.  Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Midwest Region

105