There are no photographs in this image; it's a typed document page containing text. I'll act as an OCR system and provide you with the output of the text from the document:

---
message. He told me I had a week to make an effort to do this and that I'd be watched and that no harm would come to me.

He returned to the aircraft. I watched the door close; then I turned and walked back to the car. I did not see the aircraft take off.

I returned to this place on Thursday morning about the same time. This time the man told me that I had not begun to make an effort toward going to Washington. I said I had told my mother. He said I should go to Washington and relay the message.

I returned here again late Saturday night with a buddy; we waited around for a while but nothing happened.

---

Of course we realize that this case might be considered on the fantastic side but we of the UFOIC do not consider it to be in the crackpot category. A short while after the initial interview **** and drove us to the landing site at the intersection of Routes 6 and 306. He showed us his path into the desolate field and where the object alighted. We made diagrams, etc., of all of this. In late October, UFOIC members went to the site again with equipment but without Dave. Here is the contents of this field report:

1. No radioactivity found anywhere: a check with a geiger-counter revealed except for background count. (Of course, this was some time after the actual occurrence.)

2. The largest compass deviation was 10 degrees at a gully on western border of field.

3. No ground marks.

4. Photographs were taken of the area and stakes were driven into the ground as markers."

We kept in constant touch with **** and he appeared very cooperative and sincere. He was obsessed with the notion that he must get the messages given him to Washington. On October 21, 1955 we asked David more questions via telephone. Here is the text of that interview:

1. Q-Please describe the green light you told me you saw over the trees in the sky when you got out of your car? (This was an attempt to trip Dave's hand if he was lying for he told us before that he saw the light while the object was on the ground.)

A-I did not see the green light in the sky. The green light came from the ship when it was on the ground.

--- 

Note: There are redacted sections indicated by **** in the text, which I have reproduced as they are in the document.