The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the conclusions section.

CONCLUSIONS
It can never be absolutely proven that "flying saucers" do not exist. This would be true if the data obtained were to include complete scientific measurements of the attributes of each sighting, as well as complete and detailed descriptions of the objects sighted. It might be possible to demonstrate the existence of "flying saucers" with data of this type, IF they were to exist.
Although the reports considered in this study usually did not contain scientific measurements of the attributes of each sighting, it was possible to establish certain valid conclusions by the application of statistical methods to the information of the data. Scientifically evaluated and arranged, the data as a whole did not show any marked patterns or trends. The inaccuracies encountered in this type of data, in addition to the incomplete nature of the information, led to the conclusion that other relationships that otherwise would have been evident. This absence of indicative relationships necessitated an exhaustive study of selective facets of the data in order to draw any valid conclusions.
A critical examination of the distributions of the important characteristics of sightings, plus an intensive study of the particulars of the sightings evaluated as UNKNOWN, led to the conclusion that a combination of factors, principally the reported maneuvers of the objects and the unavailability of supplemental data such as aircraft flight plans or balloon-launching records, resulted in the failure to identify as KNOWNS most of the reports of objects classified as UNKNOWNS.
An intensive study, aimed at finding a verified example of a "flying saucer" or at deriving a verified model type or models of "flying saucers" (as defined on Page 1); led to the conclusion that neither goal could be attained using the present data.
It is emphasized that there was a complete lack of any valid evidence consisting of physical matter in any case of a reported unidentified aerial object.
Thus, the probability that any of the UNKNOWNS considered in this study are "flying saucers" is considered to be extremely small, since the data as a whole failed to reveal even a rough model, and since the data as a whole failed to reveal any marked patterns or trends.
Therefore, on the basis of this evaluation of the information, it is considered to be highly improbable that any of the reports of unidentified aerial objects examined in this study represent observations of technological developments outside the range of present-day scientific knowledge.