There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FLIGHT DATA: 28 SEPT 1955

I. SOURCE: Name Deleted
Address: Ocala, Florida
Age: 25
Occupation: City Policeman
Education: High School

II. RELIABILITY: Source gave much thought to his answers: In the opinion of the investigator, it would be difficult to obtain more accurate data from this source.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:

The first time I saw them, they were coming from the north, southeast with no visible means of propulsion. Some were light-gray in color and circular in shape, about 30 feet in diameter. Others were dark-gray or black, about 60 feet in diameter. They would dart, hover, and zig-zag at high speeds. When they would turn on their lights, which were of different colors, the lights would cut out completely at times, then come on again. At times, the lights would cut out completely, and the objects would seem to disappear. There was no engine or propeller sound. The objects would approach to within 500 yards, then back off rapidly. The sight lasted approximately 30 minutes.

Additional Information: SOURCE was fairly certain that the objects observed were more or less stationary and the apparent motion was due to the motion of the observer. The objects did not reflect the sun's light as would a metallic object, and they looked like dim lights. The objects did not appear to be aircraft, as they left no trail and made no sound.
When the objects first appeared, the source was on duty and driving a police car. The objects were sighted in front of and behind the car at various times. SOURCE estimated the size of the objects by comparing them to the dimensions of known objects in his field of vision. The length of time the objects were in sight would have covered the area within a 1/2 mile radius. The weather conditions at the time were as follows: clear sky, no wind, and cool.
SOURCE estimated that the speed of the objects were in the 700 MPH range.