The image appears to contain a handwritten document that discusses a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Toward the ground, but this object followed a horizontal trajectory.  Intense irregular motions were made that ordinary cameras will not show. Even astronomically perfect cameras failed to show a straight line on the film.  Photographs of previous events show a straight line on the film.  However, this object moved erratically and was not traveling at intense speed because the simple Kodak camera stopped its motion.

For a time, this peculiar object remained stationary and did not move, and photographers took photographs of it. It was such a length of time any meteor would be far gone, and, if seen, must indicate observe the observer did get a photograph of it.  The object then moved off in a strange zig-zag course.

Study of this unusual photograph is still underway.  A photograph expert has informed FRC that, in his opinion, the object is in an unusual position. The strange trail or tail could be due to oscillation of the atmosphere.

At any rate, the photographs obtained are most conclusive evidence of an extra-terrestrial visitation!

EXPERT FRC ANALYSIS: "THIS IS FACT" BY UCDI

Mr. Eugene Metcalf of Paris, Illinois, who took this UFO complete photographs on March 20, 1955, has stated that the phenomenon was "an unbelievable sight."  The following is Metcalf's own words: "On March 9, 1955, at approximately 3:30 P.M. I witnessed the phenomenon of a jet plane coming towards me from the southwest.  When it reached a spot just overhead, it suddenly stopped in midflight and remained stationary for a brief period.  Then it commenced to move away from me towards the northeast and was traveling in a zig-zag fashion, first toward one direction and then toward another.  The movements of this object were erratic, and at times it appeared to be tumbling or churned up and down, then it seemed to whirl and lift upwards.  The strange gyrations and maneuvers of this object were incredible.  The plane and UFO were in perfect view and stood out clearly against the sky.  The object was a bright silvery and I heard no noise.  The UFO was hovering at an altitude of about 3,000 feet and in a perfectly clear sky."  Mr. Metcalf's story is certainly an amazing one but there have been other amazing happenings in the last few years.

OTHER CONCLUSIONS - OTHER FLEET... This new book by George Hunt Williamson will be off the press any day now and is being published by Ray Palmer of Amherst Press ($4.00). It is a large book (over 400 pages) and illustrations, and is the result of four years of painstaking research into the possible existence of "space peoples." The book will be over 400 pages and it appears to make one "gasp" out of all UFO experiences.  The book will give you an entirely new look of space visitors. Order directly from FRC!