There are no photographs present in the document image provided.

Below is the text output as requested:

```
Reactions of Our Group to the Witness

An investigator for the Hooper Homes Bureau, Inc., investigated ------ and his background. He informed us
that ------ teachers rated him as a good student and that he demonstrated good character and had creative writing ability.
At school he wrote radio scripts and was editor of the school
paper. He was said to be "imaginative as any other boys of
his age. There was no criticism of his morals, character or
veracity.

Our group reactions to this individual were, of course,
not always in agreement. We conducted a series of individual
interviews with him and brought him before our assembled group
so that each member could question him. He demonstrated consis-
continuation of his experiences and a willingness to have his
account investigated and he repeatedly agreed to stand questio
before a court of law.

Mrs. ------ explained to us that ------ was very upse
the night ------ claims to have had the experience and continuse
to be upset for several days. We recorded his accoun, studie
the results, conducted more interviews with him including
a field trip to the landing site. It was the thought of our
group that by spacing our interviews and pointing out discre-
in his account, he would have an opportunity to back down or
that he was lying. In fact, before our entire group. He asked
him to please tell us then whether or not he wanted to take
back any part of the story or all of it. He stated again that
he was telling the truth!

In reconstructing thevinicident we can say this about the
area: the road is narrow and steep at the particular point whe
stopped his car. A driver would find it necessary to be
wide awake and alert to avoid an accident. We submit that to re
stimuli of unusual nature would be absolutely necessary to make
a reasonable person stop his auto at this point on the highway
------ walked through a very rough field some 450 feet. And such
hike should have readied his mind to clarify what he saw. This
individual was experiencing fear and apprehension when he 
recognized what the object was and he tried to run away being
apparently frozen by a force ejected from the craft or by frinz
or both. But in any event, a concrete experience of fear overc
him. For these and other reasons, we feel that any answers
including delusions or illusions are completely out of order!

It is reasonable to conjecture that this fear of his might
have distorted his ability to observe: all of the detail concern
the craft, the man and the conversation, outstanding in Dave's
mind is the green light he encountered. Faulty in his memory
is the detail of the occupant's suit, whether or not he saw the
craft take off and exactly what took place during the second
encounter. But also prominent in his mind was the message he
told to convey, "The man made me understand that I was to take
the message to high authorities in Washington... that 'he' was
from another world....."
``` 

Please note that some words or parts were obscured, and I have indicated these sections with ------ where the text is not legible.