The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text within the document is as follows:

AF FORM 112-PART II

CLASSIFICATION: AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FLIGHT 3-H, 4.6023d ATOS 31I-UFOB-6-55 PAGE 2 OF 3 PRIORITY 1

CONTENTS: PREPARING OFFICER'S COMMENTS
1. The mission of the Preparing Officer is that the UFOB sighting of 22 June was in fact the sighting by several observers of a weather balloon being carried along by prevailing winds. However, according to the information of the Preparing Officer, the object sighted was an "unknown" due to the fact that a radar photograph of the object which was released by the Silver Hill Weather Observatory at approximately 30/02/52 due to its classification had not been delivered to this ATIW office as yet.
(1) The observer commented that the approach and disappearance of the object seemed to indicate that it may have been some type of a craft.
(2) The object's altitude could easily have been misinterpreted by the observers as the weather balloon which they observed most of the time, and therefore this could readily have been the direction indicated by the flight path as a result of the wind currents at different altitudes.  
(3) The object suspended in space would have made it virtually impossible of being a weather balloon. However, this could have possibly been the result of the object disappearing from view.
2. In the opinion of all sources when informed of the coincidence at the time of the release, the two objects could well have been one and the same.
3. SOURCES OF INFORMATION:
(a) Statements from observers in Hillcrest Heights, Maryland.
(b) Radar photograph obtained by the Silver Hill Weather Observatory, Washington, D.C.
4. In the absence of any positive radar or other confirmation of the nature of the object sighted, and in view of the overwhelming coincidence surrounding the silver-colored object and the weather balloon, it is the opinion of the Preparing Officer that the UFOB sighting of 22 June 1955 was in fact the weather balloon being carried by the prevailing winds.

CHARLES L. RODGERI, LT. COL, USAF
2/Lt, AsC CIC, Fl316