This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire form from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text from the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 7 to 10 times the speed of a jet

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Impossible to estimate

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) e. Binoculars Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) f. Telescope Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No) g. Theodolite Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No) h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a complete object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you said you saw. The more details, the better. Well there was just what it looked like a small circular object in the sky with a hazy grayish appearance that seemed to blend in with the overcast sky. it was moving in a straight line at a steady pace at a tremendous speed and it suddenly stopped for a second and then shot off in a different direction at an extremely fast rate of speed that the human eye could not possibly follow.