The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project to investigate UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

For machine manipulation, it was desirable to be able to select the sample of cards (all reports, sightings, and phenomena) to be included in a particular study. The concept of a SIGN IDENTIFICATION CARD was developed. This card, and the correlated working papers, the code for this function was developed. Multiple punching eliminated the need to use several columns for discrete expression of the variations. Selection of the proper number in this column thus permitted selections of the desired sample of cards.

Evaluation of Individual Reports

Evaluation of sighting reports was recognized as a crucial step in the preparation of data for statistical treatment, inconsistent evaluations would have invalidated any conclusions to be derived from this study. A method of evaluation was, therefore, determined simultaneously with the development of the questionnaire, and the work sheet. It is apparent that for the purpose of statistical treatment, a precise analysis of the original data for statistical treatment, were instructed only to select the statistical, specially qualified scientists and engineers.

Evaluation consisted of a standardized procedure to be followed for: (1) the deduction of discrete facts from data which depended on human impressions rather than scientific measurements, (2) the rating of the observer and his report as determined from available information, and (3) the determination of the probable identification of the phenomena observed.

Categories of identification, established upon the basis of previous experience, were as follows:
Balloon
Astronomical
Aircraft
Light phenomenon
Bird
Cloud
Insufficient information
Psychological manifestations
Unknown 
Other

The first step in evaluation, the deduction of discrete facts from subjective data, required certain calculations based on the information available in the sighting report. An example was the finding of the approximate angular velocity and acceleration of the object or objects sighted. Care was taken during this phase of the work to insure against the deduction of discrete facts not warranted by the original data. Thus, even though there was a complete lack of any valid evidence consisting of