There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Page 2

This must, I must insist, all been the work of some flying, or some kind of reasearch: That is what, as stated, But as a matter of fact to conclude all that there were several observations, one of an "object" quite unusual:
  On that occasion, I succeeded in taking a few notes, and I am convinced that the facts I have been stated correspond in a large measure with what proved to be the truth.
The night was fairly clear, and the atmosphere was calm: At the time, I happened to be a witness of something that caused me considerable surprise and interest.
At about 10:30 p.m. I was standing in a garden adjoining my home, and happened to glance upwards in the sky. To my astonishment, I observed, at an altitude I estimate to be perhaps 1500 meters or more, a kind of oval-shaped "object" seemingly suspended motionless in the air.
Needless to say, I was greatly intrigued by this sight, and I carefully observed the "object" for a period of some 15 to 20 minutes. During this time, it remained absolutely motionless, and did not seem to change either in size or shape. It was illuminated by a faint luminous glow, and appeared to be of considerable size, perhaps 30 to 40 feet in diameter. I would say that its general outline was that of a flattened ellipse.
The night was clear and moonlit, and there were no clouds in the sky at the time, so vision conditions were ideal. I can say with certainty that what I saw was not a star, meteor, or any other known celestial body. Nor was it an aircraft of any type that I am familiar with.
In fact, I must confess that I am completely baffled as to the nature and identity of this strange "object". I can only say that it gave me the impression of being a solid, metallic-looking structure, suspended motionless in the air. After observing it for the period mentioned, it suddenly and without warning, simply disappeared from sight, as if it had been switched off. There was no noise, no trail, and no sign of its departure.
Needless to say, I was greatly intrigued and puzzled by this experience, and I have thought about it a great deal since then. However, I have been unable to arrive at any satisfactory explanation. I can only conclude that what I saw was some kind of unusual aerial phenomena, the nature of which I am simply unable to determine.
I should add that there were no other witnesses to this incident, as far as I know. I was the only person who happened to observe this strange "object" on that particular occasion.
I trust that the foregoing account of my experience may be of some interest to you, and I would be glad to furnish any additional details that you may require. Please feel free to contact me should you have any further questions.