The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum or report related to a colored UFO film slide submitted to the UFO Research Council.

MEMORANDUM FOR THE OFFICE OF SCIENTIFIC ADVISOR
SUBJECT: Case History - Colored UFO Film Slide Submitted by the UFO Research Council

1. The purpose of this memorandum is to submit a brief summary of the action taken, results reached and other significant points regarding this case. On the basis of previous trying experiences with the few UFO films and photographs submitted to the Air Force, and the controversies and complications that have later resulted, every effort was made to

2. Slide was submitted by the UFO Research Council of Cleveland during our investigation of your cases submitted to this Center. This organization has been particularly successful and their interview was granted them by ATIC in January of this year. Clearly, they are still pursuing their endeavor concerning information on unidentified flying objects and all correspondence efforts by both this office and the Intelligence Office has failed to discourage them.

3. Slide purports to show a flying object, disc-shaped and estimated at 125 feet according to the observer. See attached UFO report.

4. This office immediately prepared both black and white and colored prints of varying sizes and densities as an aid to examination and analysis (representative copies attached).

5. A three-hour conference of ATIC photo specialists was held on the morning of 8 August 1955 upon receipt of the underlined. The following were the prime conferees:
Mr. L. T. Buchwalter, Chief, Photo Section
Major W. F. Willner, Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
Mr. L. E. Griffith, Photo Specialist

6. A conference was held at WADC's Technical Photo Division, Area 3, between 0900-0930 hours regarding certain technical reproductive agencies of the film slides. Conferees were:
Captain Clemente
Mr. Hansen
Mr. Lowry
Mr. Canfield 

7. To investigate this matter from every possible angle, it was suggested that Dr. Hynek (who resides near the vicinity of Old Greenwich, Connecticut) informally talk with Dr. Hynek, the UFO photographer, to obtain some impressions regarding the source or information on the sighting.