The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten letter or report from the Project Blue Book investigations.

Text extracted from the document:

It should be an easy task to look back through the newspaper's files covering that period and find the articles. The story was that the farmer had requested that the newspaper to publish, and they never did give it a very big play as I remember. It died a natural death as for days nothing was ever said about it. It never did receive national recognition, and the wide coverage. Furthermore, the story became more distorted with each succeeding write-up of the farmer and his family.

An interesting sidelight was the fact, told to me by several of the local authorities, that the farmer put up signs at the entrance to his property and was charging $1.00 per head, "to see where the 'Man-Has-Landed'".

As for the report, the affair was investigated and reported upon by two Air Force Officers from Campbell Air Force Base. I don't believe that there is any facts in this, I believe that a couple of our officers may have gone down-on their own- to view the place, as I heard some talk of this at the time, but Colonel Donald McPherson, the Base Commander certainly never ordered any official investigation, to the best of my knowledge.

I seem to remember Captain Benjamin Bennett saying something about going down to see the spot, but since he is still stationed there, surely you have already questioned him regarding this matter.

The only other officer who may have looked into this matter was the Deputy Base Commander, Major Jerre B. Ogden, now stationed at Manchester Air Force Base, who investigated the incident, and he could possibly have been sent to the scene by Colonel McPherson, in an unofficial capacity, without my knowing about it.

Thats about all I recall of the incident. At the time, Col. McPherson figured that there wasn't anything to it, and we all followed suit, so to speak. There seemed to be nothing at all in the story that would in any way lend credence to it, so we all promptly forgot it.

In closing, I'd like to point out, that out of all the cases that I investigated for the commander and out of all the incidents that happened around Campbell during my three and a half years there, this incident impressed me the least, and therefore, I was never even remotely connected with it. It follows then, that my memory concerning this incident is rather faulty and I am not even sure exactly when it took place. Therefore I'm afraid I haven't been of much help, and for this I apologize.

Sincerely,
CHARLES N KIRK
1st Lt USAF
Adjutant