The image does not contain any visible photographs. 

AFOIN-4
MEMORANDUM FOR THE OFFICE OF SCIENTIFIC ADVISOR
SUBJECT: Case History - Colored UFO Film Slide Submitted by the
D.M. Rensberry Counselly
1. Purpose of this memorandum is to submit a brief summary of
an action taken. Results reached and other significant points of
investigation concerning this case. On the basis of previous
experiences with few UFO films and photographs submitted to the Air Force, and the evaluation of validity and quality of such material, every effort was made to conduct a thorough
and accurate evaluation.
AFOIN-4X25
AFOIN-4X3
The slides were submitted for the UFO Research Council of Cleveland
and their investigation of four cases submitted to this Center. This
interview with Principal Investigator has been tentatively scheduled
for a briefing and interview will be conducted by ATIC in January of
this year. Briefly, the slides purport to show a flying object, disc-shaped and metallic in appearance. Data on the case is being obtained by both this office and the Air Intelligence office has
requested additional information.
AFOIN-4B
The slides purports to show a flying object, disc-shaped and metallic in appearance, as it moved across the sky. According to Mr. Donahue, the observer, the object was observed for about 15 seconds.
AFOIN-4C
This office immediately prepares both black and white and color prints of the flying discs and Connecticut as an aid to examination and analysis (representative copies attached).
AFOIN-4D
A conference of ATIC photo specialists was held on 27 August 1956 upon the understandings. This conference was attended by:
Major V. J. Willner, Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
Mr. J. W. Barnett, Photo Specialist
AFOIN-4E
A conference was held at WADC's Technical Photo Division, between 0830-0930 hours regarding certain technical reproductiye factors of the film slides concerned.
Captain Clemmer
Mr. Lewis
Mr. Darbis
AFOIN-4F
7. To investigate this matter from every possible angle, it was
suggested that Dr. Hynek (who resides near the vicinity of Old Greenwich, Connecticut) contact the individual who submitted the film for information on the sightings (see attached letter from Dr. Hynek).