The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report discussing an incident involving a fireball or meteorite striking a workshop in Adelaide, Australia on June 15, 1955. The text provides details about the incident, including the time, location, and observations made by witnesses about the apparent entry of the meteorite into a building and the subsequent explosion. The text also mentions similar incidents reported in Selma, Alabama and near Logan, Utah. No humans are visually identifiable in the provided image.

FIREBALL FINDS RANGE, WRECKS WORKSHOP
Cape 128, Adelaide, Australia, June 15, 1955 - Par don the idiom, but let's face it, something's screws got loose. A special report prepared by the Australian AERIAL PHENOMENA INVESTIGATION COMMITTEE about the ubiquity and character of the fireball. The report follows:
The explosive blasts occurred in the suburb of Flinders Park at 2:20 a.m. on June 15 and caused by a bright fireball measuring 15' x 20'. One roof was utterly destroyed. Authorities have ruled out normal causes like lightning, gas explosion, etc. It is thought the blasting could have been tributable to a meteorite striking the building. However much research was removed in several tons of debris following the fire that followed the explosion. But no trace of anything meteoric was found on examination of the site. It seems clear, however, from the facts that the meteorite shattered into small fragments upon impact and dispersing towards the surrounding houses, one of which was given as a witness before the explosion she had seen a bright fireball flash across the sky in that direction. The direction of the earth is seen to have been to the south and the meteorite shattered on impact. 
While we are aware of the fact that the fireball is the result of the "shower" of a larger body, we have no evidence that the explosion was caused by a resulting meteoric stream, as some scientists have suggested. The fireball's actions were witnessed by several local inhabitants who described it as a "quiet but very rapid streak" illuminating the sky. See CRIFO newsletter, Feb. 4, 1955.