The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the results of certain tests related to UFO sightings.

Another interesting aspect of these new tests is that there are only two large categories in all the groups. These are for the 11 or more groups in the classification by number of objects per sighting and for the for over 400-mph and monster-like classifications by speed. The first was relatively unchanged by deletion of the astronomical sightings principally because of the concentration of the sightings in the single-object category. The second was slightly increased by the removal of the astronomical sightings. However, the main discrepancy, that of the excess of UNKNOWNS in the over-400-mph class, was a little changed.

The results of these tests are inconclusive since they neither confirm nor deny that the UNKNOWNS are practically unidentified KNOWNS, although they do indicate that relatively few of the UNKNOWNS are actually astronomical phenomena.

It was decided that this process would not be carried to its logical conclusion (that is, the determination of a linear combination of KNOWNS that would give a negligible chi squared when compared with the UNKNOWNS), since it was felt that the inaccuracies in the reports would give a distorted and meaningless result.

The "Flying Saucer" Model

The importance of the problem dictated a second approach, should the statistical results prove inconclusive. It was decided that an attempt would be made to describe the physical appearance, distribution statistics, and other attributes (that is, construct a model) of a class or classes of "flying saucers".

Preparatory to this attempt, a re-evaluation of the UNKNOWNS was necessary. This re-evaluation was accomplished by a panel composed only of persons previously associated with the work. Using all the UNKNOWN reports available from the careful study of the reports for the UNKNOWN SIGHTINGS in angle-of-sun-elevation Groups 1, 2, 3, 6, and 7 - those groups for which the sun was either above the horizon or less than 10° in elevation below the horizon.

This study had two purposes. The first was to determine, with additional information such as the angle of elevation of the sun, how many of the UNKNOWNS might be ascribed to known phenomena. The second was to obtain sufficient detail that they might be used to construct a model or models of "flying saucers".

It was decided to put any of the UNKNOWNS which might be known phenomena into a "possible KNOWN" category to denote the slightly lower confidence level which could be ascribed to these new evaluations. The