The image contains no photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, with handwritten text.

Case File Number One
On October 22, 1955 I was driving north on Kemper Road (in Cleveland) when a girl friend. As I approached the intersection of Kemper and Fairhill at about 9:20 P.M. I noticed for the first time a light in the sky. It was directly overhead a silver ball type object. It was stationary at that point and my girl friend and the two of us watched the object. Suddenly the object seemed to accelerated very rapidly. I stopped the car to get a better view and the object seemed to disappear into the night sky. I immediately reported this incident to other investigators of the UFORC. The report was filed but not much was done about it, and it seems that no real conclusions were ever reached in the matter. On the following evening, October 23, 1955 I received a phone call at my home from a UFORC member called me to report a remarkable sighting over the Southern end of my home town. The person telling me this reported that he had just watched the same type of object the night before and that he was convinced after seeing it again that there was something very unusual about it.
"My name is W.  I am 28 years old, married and have one child - I was for the Westinghouse Electric Corporation, Cleveland 15, Ohio. 
On the night of October 22nd, 1955, while I was working in the basement of my home at 14404 Woodland Ave., Cleveland, Ohio, I became aware of a bright light through a window located on the west side of the basement. When I looked out I saw a craft, a bright silver, round object hovering over the west corner of Woodland and Woodhill Roads in the neighborhood. The object was approximately 1000 ft. above the ground and appeared to be 30-40 ft. in diameter. It was moving silently and I watched it continuously for about 5 minutes. It then accelerated away at a fantastic speed toward the west. The object seemed to tilt, shift and turn at various degree angles. It swept across the west door of the Technical Center Building and out of sight to the west. It was located on the side of a small shanty on the north side of the Technical Center.
Approximately while walking halfway to the shanty, the object began to glow with a brilliant light and as I approached the object closer, the light grew in intensity and seemed to pulsate. Suddenly I heard a loud noise like a very high pitched whistle. I observed a few searchlights circling the city. Suddenly the object seemed to shoot a stream of flame from its side and it accelerated away at a fantastic speed. It looked like it extended an average man's length away from the object when it took off. It leaned over at a 45 degree angle to the ground and then swept off over west 105th street at the very time it turned on its side it seemed to illuminate the surrounding area. Thereafter, it just disappeared into the west as it flew past.