The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing text describing various UFO-related incidents and investigations.

Transcribed text from the document:

This is a 29-Page booklet that we have been given the impression that the sightings that will be explained by radar of 5 or 6 per cent as the Air Technical Intelligence Center was disqualification of radar sightings and even the ground visual sightings was fabrication. The case I've just mentioned is briefly summarized in that booklet.

An interesting thing about that G.A.A. booklet -- it points out that one of the radar sightings could be explained pretty well if there were one or two small rain scintillation marks, and there were one or two very small and fast blips and pretty close to the horizon, and near the ground it could have explained the strong signal return from those radar mirrors. But then they go on and list more than a dozen cases of sightings and everyone who looks at those closely will discover that their theory breaks down completely. For at least half of them, there was no phenomenon of any kind, at all, whether rain scintillations or anything else that would explain those returns. But you have to go through them for yourself, because the authors keep quiet about it.

On this more recent thing, the Air Force put out a statement that there had been only 87 sightings reported so far this year. All the news services carried it. I knew it was a lie, because I had furnished them 12 sightings myself. I was getting a little tired of correcting the false statements of the public relations people. I got in touch with Col. John O'Mara of the Air Force Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson. Orbits, as many of you probably know, is a Springfield man, and he's very competent man, and he's told him he got in touch with us. Col. O'Mara said they'd been given the impression that there was very little activity dealing with the UFOs, though they like to change the name of the project from time to time so as to keep the public impression. In June, at first they told me all sightings were coming in, he replied. "This is the biggest year we've ever had." Evidently didn't know that his bosses in Washington had put out that statement saying only 87 sightings had been reported. I understand that Mr. O'Mara's statement that night created a bit of a rumpus over at the Pentagon.

Where your sightings, I mean your instruments, do a good job, and that's why we don't believe you any good in the long run to stir up the Air Force and some of the other department, as to governments as I found out I had done it over again I'd probably do the same thing, because I'm a little hard-headed about these things.

By this time George Meany had become the president of the AFL, and things were getting pretty tough where they had been. They called him an assistant, but I'd been in the news business for 32 years, and I recognize a censor when I see one. The program's sightings were growing, but I realized that I was going to the end of my string. I realized an assistant an order to me. Now that is exacting what I must do what the censor told me to say. Well, if the censor was going to write the program, I did't want any more part of it. So I asked them to fire me--and Mr. Meany issued two amazing statements. In one he said, "We were disillusioned with flying saucer mail, and we were not particularly interested in that." The other thing he said was that I was "too pro-labor." Well, perhaps compared to him, that was true. I'm an AFL member myself. I have been one for a great many years, and I believe in the principles of trade unionism, like my father and grandfather.