The image does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

ADC Form 123
20 October 1952
Page 2 of 3

(USE REVERSE SIDE OF SHEET IF MORE SPACE IS REQUIRED)
5. Has anomalous propagation been observed to extend the range of ground clutter by this radar at this site, and did this condition persist during or near the time of unknown target observation?
No

6. What effects of rain storms and lightning have been observed on this radar?
Unknown

7. Were any checks made to determine if unknown target could have been one of our own aircraft?
No

8. Was any interception attempted? If so, give details.
No, but Hobart 38, Baker-35 was asked to investigate, but the target disappeared before interception could be made.

9. Was a visual and/or Auditory observation made simultaneously with scope observation?
Negative. If so, give details described in paragraph 4 your observation.

III. SPECIFIC TARGET QUESTIONS
1. Did any technical personnel observe the unknown target on the Radar Scope?
No

2. Was a permanent record ("track") made of the target positions as they appeared on the indicators? If so, attach to this report. (Pilot on back of page 1.)
No

3. At what range, azimuth, altitude, and time was the target observed?
Unknown

4. How did the target appear in size and shape as compared with conventional aircraft targets?
The size of the radar scope paint was a least three times larger than normal aircraft.

5. Was the target of consistent size, or did it change rapidly?
Unknown

6. Was the speed of the target constant or variable? Explain.
Speed of target was constant at about 400 knots and seemed to have an erratic flight path.

7. Did the target appear "fuzzy" or clear and sharp as compared with a known aircraft target?
The target appeared clear and sharp.

8. What other (aircraft) targets were observed in the same general area, altitude, and time as the unknown target?
Only aircraft in area at about this time was Hobart 38, Baker 35 about 25 miles away from unknown target.