The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

The text of the document is as follows:

C.R.I.F.O.
Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects

November 7, 1956

Captain C. T. Gregory
A.F.I.C.
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Gregory,

Enclosed herewith are three photographs and five negatives obtained by the writer from Reuben H. Holloway, Jr., Director C.R.I.F.O., Cincinnati 27, Ohio, which are of interest as to our examination and study. The detail of these photos is not very clear, but the information regarding them, as obtained from the Director, is as follows:

The object is at present, interested in astronomy particularly lunar studies. According to our easily photograph (which I have marked #5) this object shot up rapidly into the sky, when illuminated, and then disappeared. This photograph was taken by Mr. ___ who lives in the Carthage area. He told the writer that he photographed the "object" while taking a series of shots of the moon. He was greatly interested in the moon, and I feel certain that the photograph in question was not faked in any way. We desire to make studies of this photograph, and any other information that can be developed, in order to determine its authenticity.

The photographs taken by Mr. ___ were taken on Sunday, October 14, 1956, in the Carthage area near Cincinnati. These reports are as follows:

Kind, a very brilliant object, 2 to 3 minutes. Mrs. ___ said the sky was a deep blue, like halfway to a full moon. He said the object was stationary, and nothing of the like had been seen before. It disappeared at the break of dawn, and was unusually brilliant and large. He said it cast no reflection on aircraft as an explanation.

I will appreciate any information or assistance you can give us in studying these photographs and negatives, and if possible, your opinion as to their authenticity. I am enclosing the photographs and negatives and would appreciate your returning them at your convenience when you have completed your examination.

Sincerely yours,
[Director's Signature]
Director
C.R.I.F.O.
Cincinnati 27, Ohio