There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
No Case (Information Only)             29 April 1956
                                       Phoenix, Arizona

Apr. 29 - Phoenix, Ariz.- Bud Pease, with his family, were 
driving from Los Angeles to Greenwich, Conn. Here is his story:
"As we were starting out in the early morning on the highway to Tempi,  
Arizona (between Phoenix and Tucson), my father remarked about a 
object in the sky to the right front of us. When I first looked I 
saw a long silvery object with something seeming to shoot away from 
it and to the right of us. I immediately asked for the large pair 
of binoculars I knew my 5 year old son would be interested in. When 
I looked I didn't have them in focus right away but I could tell 
that this object was a long cigar shaped with a dark spot, or hole, 
in the center. I then handed the glasses to my father. After a 
while he said he saw what looked like a row of 'window or portholes 
that kept flashing light or flames along the side of the thing, and 
that while it was hovering, wobbling like a little before darting 
real swift to the bottom. About this same time I noticed that 
the thing seemed to flare up, after which it appeared to be far 
ther away.

"Along the side of the highway were telephone poles, two in 
a row. This is important because the object seemed to follow the 
poles without much coutching-'til, them, for a short sisi. Finally, 
after we were out of the traffic, we stopped along side of the 
road to get a better look at the object. By this time it had moved 
from the right to the left of the highway and away from the tele 
phone poles. It was new over some mountain in the distance and 
seemed to have gotten there rather quickly. I got one last good 
look at it through the binoculars before we got it cover and it 
looked like a big ball point pen bum moving on tom' and technr 
underneath. The sight, in all, lasted ten minutes." (Mr. Pease 
area estimates the object being about .75 degree--Ed.) (On file.)
```