There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The document appears to be text-only, with no visual elements other than the handwritten annotations.

Transcription of the text:

light rent "just ahead of him all the time and vanished when he approached the old lime road" Another old line says that "it passed directly overhead at a very low altitude, from west to east, over the route, near Boukc, in northwest new south wales. It is observed during the evening and observed again next morning, traveling from west to east". The object which attracted my attention was at the time observing its course as the light invariably seems to descend their home and cattle with similar intervals.

Apparently these mystery lights strike terror into the hearts of animals. My informant states definitely that when the southern phenomenon appears in the distance, the horses and cattle become greatly excited, shaking and trembling and jibbing and moving over the plowing of the land. The lonely region at the head of the murumbidge river, in new south wales is spotted for these remarkable occasions. By eye-witness accounts", This light is singular in form, being like a ball of fire it most powerful glow is observed flickering about three feet off the ground and varying in intensity from a dim glow to a brilliant flash which subsided and lit up again in a most sensational manner. Whereas some claim the least effect, others have tried to approach it but, as though directed by some intelligent guide, it eludes them. The district was amazed to see this glowing, bird-like apparatus hovering over the Horne homestead for nearly 10 minutes, emitting a light so brilliant that it "lit up the property like mid-day".

He reckoned it was a time he second up. According to the account of the "coast fire" occasionally seen in the locality, they are small globes of light, semi-transparent, varying in size from 12 to 18 inches in diameter and one or two feet above the ground. They are quite silent and seemingly intelligent, moving around in a most purposeful manner, never remaining stationary for more than a few minutes, darting this way and that. We have not seen it ourselves but according to the reports of other reliable witnesses, the light actually was a fire emitting a kind of cold glow; side of a gallon drum. It has been mistaken for a burning log and actually resembled flames lapping up against the side of a dallen tree. It is observed at varying distances from the ground but never higher than 4 feet. Then the light ceased and no sign of human life. When the light reappears it invariably takes up the same position as before. It is not of the earth and the ground. While he says that he had himself heard reports of the "ghost fires" in the store explaining that these strange lights vary. Some believe that they are lights" while others claim that they make no noise whatever. Some declare they are sure-flying machines Some witnesses declare the color of descending was of a rapid flashing nature or belt-like pulsation.

Well, that's the article. I don't know if it has any particular relevance to any current questions, but there it is as I've transcribed it. Please let me know if you need anything else.