There does not appear to be any photograph or image in the provided document. The document appears to be a typed text that describes a UFO sighting incident that occurred in the vicinity of Louisville, Kentucky in 1956.

Transcribed text from the document:

-5-
ited that very far on another beach there were car lights and flash lights, pro- bably from persons who had come so far to see something. He went hastily back to his island, but apparently they did not come there in any space saucer had not come. Pereira told them about what he had seen on the other side of the mountain. Inland, but apparently nobody believed him. He spoke to at least four reporters.
He was advised to stay overnight in Sao Sebastian. On the following morning, he went to the Ilha Bela - a big island about three miles from Sao Sebastian - to see the strange figures 30 Silo (well above the sound of a cathedral bell when hit with another stone. Some reporters and photographers who on the previous evening had come to Ilha Bela, came to him Bela to question him about what they had seen on the island. When an Ilha Bela City Hall representative entered the restaurant and started questioning him about a Saucer he had seen, he spoke at about 22:15 6 clock local time (01:15 GMT) flying around the island. According to reports, his description tallied with what he had seen at 22:15 (01:15 GMT).
Pereira named about ten witnesses who independently saw the saucer on August 12 or 13. The individuals in question, Pereira said, he had seen a saucer. The saucer car apparently did not believe Ger. Pereira, but he was not identified and could argue whether he actually talked to them. The saucer, Pereira said, was about 30 meters wide and hovered at about 25-30 meters above the ground.
Guimaraes was unable to tell whether the saucer was metallic or not. The individuals concerned stated that the saucer was metallic, but Guimaraes evaded almost all questions put by various investigators who soon learned that the publicity or personality was due to his high position, this however, meant nothing in this case. The best advice is to ignore Guimaraes's contact.