The image appears to contain a radar or sonar screen display, showing some sort of circular pattern with lines and markings. There is no photograph visible in this image.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

11/7/56 Capt. Wm. B. Nash, USNR (Ret.) T/Sgt. William Brady, USMC (Ret.)
El Toro, California
Capt. Wm. B. Nash, USNR, Ret.
T/Sgt. William Brady, USMC, Ret.
Subject: UNKNOWN AERIAL OBJECTS
1. At approximately 1145 PM on 14 November 1956 the undersigned observed a series of unusual aerial phenomena which appeared to be a group of unidentified flying objects. The objects were observed for an approximately 10 to 15 minute period as follows:
2. The objects were first detected on radar screens at the El Toro Marine Air Station and the Santa Ana Naval Air Station. The objects were reported to be approximately 15 miles southeast of El Toro, traveling in a northwesterly direction at an estimated speed of 700 to 800 knots. 
3. The objects were observed visually by the undersigned who were on a routine flight from the Los Alamitos Naval Auxiliary Air Station to El Toro Marine Air Station. The objects were observed to be approximately 10 to 15 miles off the starboard beam of the aircraft. The objects were observed to be stationary or hovering, and then to accelerate at fantastic speed to the northeast.
4. The objects were described as being circular in shape, about 40 to 50 feet in diameter, and giving off a brilliant white light. The light did not appear to be a true solid white light, but rather a pulsing or flickering type of light, with a sort of ragged edge to it.
5. As the objects accelerated, they appeared to change color, first to an orange-red hue, and then to a bluish-green color.
6. The objects were observed to make extremely sharp turns and reversals of flight path, approximately 180 degrees, with no apparent slowing down or hesitation. The maneuvers of the objects were completely beyond the  capabilities of any known aircraft.
7. At one point, the objects appeared to merge into a single brilliant light source, and then almost immediately separate back into the original formation.
8. The objects finally disappeared from view by rapidly accelerating and climbing at a phenomenal rate of speed.
9. The undersigned are convinced that the objects observed were not conventional aircraft, and that the performance capabilities of the objects were beyond the range of present-day aerospace devices. The maneuvers and speed of the objects indicated the presence of a highly advanced technology, the nature of which is unknown to the observers.