There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The text is a description of a reported UFO sighting near Tiburon, California on August 26, 1956. The text describes the observer's account of seeing a flock of small birds flying northward, which the observer initially thought were a UFO until closer inspection. The text goes on to describe the observer's estimates of the speed, distance, and appearance of the objects. There is no image or photograph provided in this document.

26 August 1956
Tiburon, California

James C. Martin, Tiburon, Cal., Aug. 26, 1956. By letter this evening I will tell of his experience. As I was driving home, I noticed what appeared to be a flock of nine small birds flying northward. They were dark against the blue sky and were all moving in the same course. At first glance, I can not estimate their size or shape. They flew in a cluster, without rigid formation, moving freely about each other, but their course seemed straight. I believed they were birds until they passed behind a nearby hill. Measuring with my car speedometer, I found the distance between the point of observation and a point closely approximating the top of the hill they made arc of about 60 degrees in about five seconds. Allowing for an error of about 10/100, this distance of the objects and duration of time they made the arc of about 60 degrees in about five seconds. Allowing for an error of about 10/100, this distance of the objects and duration of time they were visible, they must have been traveling at least 550 mph. If my estimates are more nearly correct, however, and the distance they covered was not more than half behind the hill, had to be traveling at least 950 mph. Since the estimates are more nearly correct, and the distance they covered was not more than half that, they were traveling well over 1000 mph. There is no chance that the objects passed in front of the hill. The objects were quite dark and the hill a bright amber.

Sometimes an observer identifies such objects correctly, but later begins to doubt his own judgment. About 7:30 in the evening of August 26, 1956, a man driving along a highway in California noticed a flock of about nine small birds flying northward, dark against the blue sky. In a random group, they moved freely among themselves as birds do, but continued in a northern direction. The witness watched the birds as carefully as possible, but the intermittent glimpses possible when a man is driving a car did not allow him to make good estimates of their size or height. However, the calculations made at their distance and calculated that they covered an arc of about 60 degrees in about five seconds, which would indicate a speed of about 550 to 950 miles an hour.

Instead of trusting the accuracy of his estimate, for some reason he doubted his first identification. If the objects could fly so rapidly, he reasoned, then they were not birds after all, and must be flying saucers! [13]