The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image contains a photograph of what appears to be the cover page of a report. The report is titled "U.S. NAVAL AMMUNITION DEPOT, CRANE, INDIANA" and is dated 9 October 1956.

The text in the document is as follows:

From: Commanding Officer, U.S. Naval Ammunition Depot, Crane, Indiana
To: Commanding Officer, Ballistic Air Force Base, Columbus, Indiana
Subj: Unidentified flying objects; report of investigation of
Ref: (a) OPNAV INSTR 3820.1A dtd 2 February 1956
Encl: (1) OPNAVINST 10-1B for 17 September 1956 (erroneously dtd 19 Sept 56)
1. Subject report has been compiled in accordance with reference (a).
2. On 9 October 1956, at approximately 2030 EST, two objects were sighted and reported from Crane Village, located on the western side of the Depot. The objects were described as "flying objects." The two objects were reported traveling at high speed over the Depot that same evening from a farm on the Bloomfield, Indiana, Road. 
3. A description of the objects by the Crane Village witnesses all indicate that the objects were sighted between 1910 and 1930. The objects were seen several miles to the north-east. The objects appeared to be round and bright in color than changed in color from white to red to green.
4. A member of the Depot Fire Department approached the two objects and banked toward one of them, then turned away. It is reported he maneuvered his vehicle to get a closer view of the objects. The two objects were then observed to reverse their direction and disappearance at a rapid rate of speed. The two objects were reported to have maneuvered for a while as if chasing one another.
5. Twilight had descended and some of the Crane Village witnesses could see the sharp outline of the objects. One witness states that these objects gave off a glow, which illuminated the surrounding area. The objects appeared to be from 2000 to 3000 feet in altitude and that no noises were heard nor vapor trails seen.
6. The names, addresses and occupations of the Crane Village witnesses are as follows:
1. [REDACTED] Salvage Yard
2. [REDACTED] Gulf Service Supply Station Operator
3. [REDACTED]
4. [REDACTED] 5 & 10 Store Crane Supply
5. [REDACTED]
7. The witnesses reside at Bloomfield, Indiana, are Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED], and they observed the objects from their farm home on the evening of 9 October 1956.