The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be the text content of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text in the document:

UFO ENCOUNTER CONVINCES AIRLINE CAPTAIN FORMER SKEPTIC
This remarkable encounter with a UFO, which took place on a flight from Redwing to Mobile, Alabama, represents one of the most startling incidents on record. The experienced airline pilot, Captain Hull, was widely known among his fellow pilots as a skeptic who scoffed at UFO reports.
In a 1953 article for THE AIRLINE PILOT entitled "The Skeptic," Captain Hull revealed his strong reluctance to accept the "supernatural" or "unnatural" explanations for UFO phenomena. His attitude was one of flat disbelief and he was convinced that all such sightings could be explained in mundane terms.
The present incident, however, has completely altered his views. While flying the same route over the Gulf of Mexico near Mobile, Alabama, Captain Hull was startled to see a brilliant light appear suddenly off the left wing of his plane. At first he thought it might be a reflecting surface on the windshield, but the rapidly expanding light soon dispelled this idea. It was a solid, metallic-appearing craft, about 40 to 50 feet in diameter, hovering motionless about 500 feet below the airliner. 
As the startled pilot watched, the craft began to move, accelerating with intense speed and disappearing from sight in a matter of seconds. Captain Hull immediately radioed Mobile tower, asking if any other aircraft were in the area. The tower replied that no other planes were known to be in the vicinity. The captain then contacted Brookley Tower, but they also denied knowledge of any other traffic. 
At this moment, the UFO reappeared, this time hovering about a mile away. It was brilliantly lighted and seemed to be spinning or revolving. The captain said the object was "fantastic" in its speed and maneuverability. It would dart rapidly in one direction, then reverse its course and disappear, only to reappear seconds later in a completely different position. 
After several more minutes of this strange aerial display, the UFO suddenly shot straight up at an incredible rate of speed and was lost to sight. Captain Hull was left dumbfounded, his skepticism thoroughly shaken. As he remarked later, "I'm convinced that what I saw was no simple reflection or hallucination. It was a real, physical object of extraordinary capabilities."
This incident, together with other sightings reported by air crews along the Gulf coast, has caused renewed interest in the UFO problem. The U.S. Air Force, which has maintained a policy of official skepticism regarding UFOs, may be forced to re-evaluate its position in the light of such dramatic and well-documented encounters.