- 4 -

on behalf of mankind welfare and that I thought that he Guimaraes had done the
same thing for the same purposes. I emphasized that even lies are worth
telling. Guimaraes just looked at me as though agreeing but he did not commit
himself. Mrs. Simoes requested description of the saucer and a reproduction of
the conversation Guimaraes had maintained with the crew-members. He told her
"everything" in two minutes. She pointed out that any of us would be able to
reproduce with almost all details the conversation we were keeping for 40 minutes, whereupon he seemed to be unable to reproduce his own conversation with the
"martians". Guimaraes had a hard time to refrain his anger offered no answer.
Then he blurted out that he was not authorized to tell everything he knew. Even
if he did - he said - he would not be believed or would be taken as a lunatic.

On August 1954 some reporter called to learn what I thought about flying saucers. I told the reporter I did not believe that contacts have ever been established and that in all probability Mr. Guimaraes (I did not mention his name) like any other was a mystic and like a new messiah was doing
his best to save the world. At that time I had made up my mind to be absent from
the incoming flow 17 if he told that saucers would take place on the following night. Then I
communicated to Dr. Cintra Gordinno and Jayme Velez that in all probability Mr.
Guimaraes, if asked again, would deny that he had seen the earth from a distance
and would also use a few tricks I had slyly taught him.

On the TV show, answering direct questions Guimaraes flatly denied that he had
seen the earth from a distance; the papers - he said - had distorted his declarations. He added he knew of an investigator in Sao Paulo, who was writing a
book about saucers (your editor) who would illustrate his book with authentic
photographs of saucers he had obtained from... (brace yourselves) the Pentagon!!!
Guimaraes, fortunately for him, did not mention my name.

When he first disclosed the news, all papers published that Guimaraes had an
appointment to meet the sky-people on last August 12. When we took him to Santos
he said the papers had lied; he had never made such a statement. Nevertheless on
the evening of August 20 he confirmed on TV questioned answers program that in
fact he had an appointment for some day in August 1957. He was not sure of the
day because the saucer people had shown him the signs of the Zodiac and he after
some reckoning thought it would be around August 12th.

Guimaraes said that although people from other worlds are far more advanced
and powerful than erthians they do not want to intervene personally on earthian
affairs and assume governments are not cooperative they select simple people
who by their way of living can make a better propaganda pro peace' and the prohibition of nuclear experiments.

Guimaraes came to my TV station followed by most of his students, who brought
a paper signed by them all testifying that Guimaraes is a nice professor, a respectable citizen and that they believed him. The station was crowded with other
people who were unknown to Guimaraes. Addressing the crowd one of the announcers
asked whether there was anybody who could witness, or stand as a witness that
Guimaraes was not lying. There were two people, but only one spoke. It was Mr.
Jorge Pereira.

Mr. Pereira said he was a real-estate dealer in Santos. Many months ago, when
he was leaving a party near the beach he had seen a flying saucer. He had told
his friends about his sighting but nobody paid much attention. He was laughed
into silence; many a time Professor Guimaraes asked him jokingly whether he had
seen any flying saucers lately. Then, very amazed, through the news, Pereira
had learned that Guimaraes - the joker - had also seen his saucer and even had
taken a short trip aboard one of those machines. Since the papers had written
that a new meeting between Guimaraes and the saucer people would take place on
August 12 in Sao Sebastiao, Pereira had gone to that place to watch the coming
of the saucer. There were many beaches around Sao Sebastiao and several knew-not
which one it would be, therefore he hired a horse-drawn vehicle and with the
car driver and two of his nephews he searched all beaches for Guimaraes.
It was 20:15 o clock local time (23:15 GMT) when the four travelers spotted a
green light doing zig-zags and up-and-down-side a mountain island. The thing
got nearer markedly causing the driver and one of his nephews to flee shamefully.
The object was a greenish disc of light and when it banked over the waves they
could see that there was a landing gear exactly as described by Guimaraes. Then
Mr. Pereira realized that the saucer had made good its promise of coming back
on august 12, but that for some reason Guimaraes was nowhere to be seen. After
a while the saucer went into the clouds and disappeared. Soon after Pereira no-