The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned page of text from a document. Here is the text contained in the document:

---
Temple, Texas
August 1, 1956

Headquarters, James Connally
Air Force Base
Waco, Texas

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

Date of observation: Tuesday, July 31, 1956.

Time: Around 8:20 A.M.
 
Location of object: West-south-west of Temple, Texas.

Elevation of object above horizon: Approximately 30 degrees.

Direction of flight: West-south-west; flight level and straight, 
speed uniform, during entire observation.

Speed: Equal to or greater than jet. (positively not the speed of a
meteor, or slow speed of a drifting balloon—wind was 3—5 MPH
south-easterly.)

Color: brilliant, soft milky-white, very similar to glowing
fluorescent lamp.

Shape: Perfectly round, or globular; very sharp, distinct out-
lines— no fuselage, wings or other appendages.

Length of time object was in sight: while observer drove 5
blocks west, on Adams Street, turned left at 23rd. Street when
object faded out in the RET—black-out cover going less than
20 MPH— or estimated time of observation: one and a half to
two minutes.

After viewing this object for approximately three fourths of time
in full clarity and brilliance, it slowly dimmed, and finally
faded completely out, but not diminishing in size or speed;
there was no breaking up, or shower of sparks, or explosion,
just slowly faded in to extinction. Object moved entirely too
slow for a meteor as only 40 to 50 degrees of azimuth was covered
during this one and one-half to two minutes of observation.

Apparent size: One-fifth the size of a full moon, or 3 or 4
times larger than Venus.

No vapor trail or fumes visible.

OTHER POSSIBLE SOURCES OF PERTINENT INFORMATION: After driving
about 6 city blocks further toward my place of employment after 
the object disappeared, or roughly 2 minutes later, the regular
flight of a passenger plane going from the direction of Houston,
and headed downward for a landing at Temple Airport, which is 
about 5 miles away. This plane crossed the apparent location
where the UFO was seen in flight.
---