The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
13-UFOB-1-56 Part Four

I. SOURCE: Karl A. Clark, T/Sgt, USAF
Address: 477 3rd GCG Squadron, Kalispell, Montana
Age: Approximately 30
Duties: GCG NCOI, Kalispell, Montana
Education: High School
Length of Service: Eleven months with GCG

II. RELIABILITY: Source, a very pleasant, affable and conscientious non-commissioned officer, was thoroughly interrogated by the undersigned on this incident. He seemed to be a man of excellent common sense, and impressed the interviewer as being a man of high mentality and concerned about giving an accurate and truthful statement. His reliability and credibility and concerned about giving an accurate and truthful statement. His reliability and credibility as a Source is considered to be highly reliable.

III. DETAILS OF SIGHTING: On 15 September 56 (2230 hours), the Source was notified at approximately 2200 hours that a strange aerial object was observed near Kalispell, MT. The Source immediately went to the back porch of the local GCG Post Supervisor and viewed the object. It was approximately 0415-0430 hours.

1. The object appeared to be brilliantly lit, operated with a pulsating manner, and increased in brilliance until it became dull and then, in a dull plow, faded out of sight. The Source observed the object through 7x50 binoculars, described it as a brilliant light, operated with a pulsating manner, and increased in brilliance until it became dull and then, in a dull glow, faded out of sight.

2. The night was pitch dark, but with many stars visible, and the object appeared to be some distance away. These were dusty winds; the night was dry and cold. There were many scattered clouds.

3. The object was observed to be moving slowly in a southwesterly direction. He estimated it to be traveling at an estimated speed of 800-900 mph. The speed would increase and decrease in a manner, and progress slowly in a southwesterly direction. He estimated the object to be approximately 10 miles distant. At times, the object appeared to be completely hidden by the misty clouds. At times, the object appeared to be approximately 2 miles distant.

The above contains the text found in the document.