There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a declassified project Blue Book report.

Transcribing the text:

UNCLASSIFIED

12-FCB-56 PART TWO 
15

I. SOURCE: Mrs. ***** *****, 23 Sunset Street, Kalispell, Montana
Age: 49 
Occupation: Housewife
Education: 14 years
Qualifications: 60 post graduate work., Kalispell, Montana; has been with OCO for two years and is now a supervisory clerk in the USAF, where she has access to CCB and also the USAF. 

II. RELIABILITY: Source was a vigorous, alert woman, eager to volunteer all the data she could supply. She spoke with authority and was the most important witness in this investigation. She has access to the CCB and is fully acquainted with its procedures, because of her position in the USAF.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:
On the night of 7 September 1956 at about 7:40 pm, the source was at her home when she was notified by the Kalispell GCC that an unidentified flying object had been detected on the radar screen, traveling in a northwesterly direction. She immediately went outside and observed the object with her naked eye. She described it as round, glowing intensely, and moving with a great speed in a straight line. The size was estimated to be one-third the apparent diameter of the moon. The color was gold and with very many small lights flickering on and off, giving the appearance of a "rippling effect". There was no noise or trail of any kind. 

The object was according to her, performing maneuvers of a most incredible nature. It would suddenly change directions at right angles, making extremely sharp turns, and at one point she observed it come to a complete stop in the sky, hovering motionless for a minute or two, then accelerate at a fantastic rate of speed. 

According to the source, she had frequently observed the planet Venus, and that this object was definitely different, being much larger, intensely brilliant, and displaying the characteristics of controlled flight. She stated that she had frequently observed the planet Venus, and that this object was definitely different, being much larger, intensely brilliant, and displaying the characteristics of controlled flight.

She estimated the duration of the sighting to be approximately 20 minutes. When she lost sight of the object, it was moving in a northerly direction. She immediately reported the incident to the CCB and a full investigation was initiated. According to the source, the CCB is taking this incident very seriously and considers it to be one of the most important UFO sightings on record.

UNCLASSIFIED