There is no photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book document. 

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Flight 1-C, 44024 AISS
ATIS-UPON-L73-56
PAGE 11 OF 14

The text in the document is as follows:

STATEMENT (Cont.)
When I asked them what motive or power their various craft had, I was asked if I knew anything about the usual power plants used in aircraft. I told them I was not particularly interested in the technical details but rather in the purpose and intent of their visits. This seemed to puzzle them and a short, blunt person said in a negative way "Intention?" I expressed my interest in learning something of their purpose here and who they were. The person said in a rather offhand manner "We come here" and gave me the following word grouping which I put down phonetically:

"Plead Verada VOE-DEE - Deal deis dominick - sound and sound the ravela pin - 0-593 + 2 x by the 500th power" 

On the various scoops or scutes on the craft I noticed markings, most of which were blacked out. I was the mother ship or "mother line" which was on two screens at once. The screen nearest me showed a larger craft which dwarfed the one I saw, and another smaller one near it. I was told in length and it has 17 decks. The person told me that it was a "hanger and assembling place" and that at all times it was fully occupied.

I was told that all the statistics I see here today I should not divulge as they are classified. I was given to understand that you may have or receive duplicates, from somewhere else, so I will just give you in detail what was told to me.

San Fernando Valley, when I looked at the time of my return, I noticed the time to be 6:25 PM. The temperature was 95 degrees. When I drove home at 8:30 PM the temperature was 75 degrees. The humidity seemed to be of a very high nature.

The entity talking to me was a person who had no emotion - his face was absolutely without expression. What he communicated to me seemed to be considered nonsense. The fact that two other people in this area have described exactly what I saw convinces me that this is a stark clear reality.

TRUE COPY:
LOUIS G. HAUGER
AIS Capt. 3, 44024 AISS