The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Flight 3-C, 4602A AISS
SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE EFFORTS
1. Information received from the U.S. Weather Bureau, AUGUSTA, MAINE, revealed that the weather was generally good, some ground fog in low areas, temperature 49 degrees F., dewpoint 45 degrees F., surface wind.
2. Captain MATHERS, PRESQUE ISLE AFB Weather Officer, stated that the possibility of marsh gas in a mountainous region such as Mexico, Maine, was extremely remote. FURTHER, the PRESQUE ISLE AFB radar was in operation at the time of sighting.
3. On 4 February 1957, Mr. [redacted], Chief of Police, Mexico, Maine, was contacted in his office and gave the following information in substance:
He had been called to the home of Mrs. [redacted] in regard to her sighting of what she had described as a flying saucer. She was very nervous and very excited and told him that the object had touched the children's metal swing in her yard, the Chief investigated and found that she reported the remaining of a manulacturer's decal on the top horizontal bar of the swing. However, when shown a neighbor's decal being the same type showing a decal in the exact same spot, she admitted there could have been a decal on her swing. But she indicated that the swing seemed to have rippled or unnatural marks left where the object had passed over the swing. No one else in the area has seen such phenomena nor had anyone reported any unusual lights.
Mr. [redacted] stated that almost every night deer poachers used spot lights in the hills around the Perry residence. Chief [redacted] accompanied this investigator to SOURCE's residence and was present during the interview.
4. The Perry residence was an old type farm-house with large glass-enclosed porches and many windows. The front porch jutted out adjacent to the kitchen windows through which the sighting was made. BACKGROUND ROAD wound back from the town of Mexico past the house and on over the mountain. In front of the porch to within fifty feet was a field in the shape of an irregular square, approximately sixty by fifty feet. The "mark" left on the swing was perfectly rectangular in shape and was undoubtedly the remains of some type of decal. The top bar was painted red and when some of the residue at the spot was scraped away, red paint showed underneath.