The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, describing a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

Mr. and Mrs. R--, Batavia, Ohio. Having first learned of the sighting from an announcement in the advertising department at the T--y--d Store, they say an unusual sight in the sky on Sunday, Oct. 14, 1956 at about 6:30 P.M. while traveling east on U.S. highway 52 between Batavia and Felicity, Ohio. They were about 7 miles from Batavia when they first noticed the object in the sky. It was a bright, metallic-looking object which appeared to be trailing a tail or tongue of flame behind it. The object was traveling at a high rate of speed and was visible for about 3 seconds. It then made a sharp turn and disappeared out of sight.

When the object turned, it did not leave a trail, and it was not made of sharp turns, but a smooth, continuous turn.

The whole thing appeared to turn or rotate at one time. A jet would have had a curve, but this did not. They say they did not take their eyes off it until it was out of sight.

Mr. and Mrs. R--, (and wife) Pike, Ft. Thomas, Ky. Object sighter in Ft. Thomas at about 7:30 P.M. the same evening Oct. 14, 1956. Said object appeared the same as described by Mr. and Mrs. R--, except that it appeared to be stationary for about a minute, then shot away at a terrific speed. He said the object appeared to be stationary for about a minute.

These, in brief, are the descriptions of the UFO's seen by three separate groups on October 14, plus the photographs. I hope they may prove to be of value to you.

I might of the international crisis, I hope that I may be able to serve your purpose. Mr. C-- in Washington in regard to the matter discussed by phone on November 6, 1956. I believe it highly advisable that you consider this confidential, and I might try by letter, however, hoping that clarification might be obtainable.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

P.S. Please return the enclosed photographs and negatives to the writer after analysis as they are my responsibility.