The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. There is no visible photograph in this particular document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract all the text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO. 2d-ud3021-56 PART ONE PAGE 2 OF 15 PAGES

I. SOURCE:
Address: * * *  Oklahoma City, Okla.

Occupation: Officer USAF, Special Projects Office, Engineering and Technical Division, Directorate of Maintenance Engineering, OCAMA, Tinker AFB, Okla.

Education: B.S. Electrical Engineering, Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Qualifications: SOURCE has been on active duty for approximately 5 years, primarily working in engineering schools.

II. RELIABILITY: SOURCE appears to be highly intelligent and completely sincere. All questions were answered frankly and in those instances where uncertain, source could not give definitive answers. There was no hesitation between question and answer, but the investigation and expressed the opinion that the incident did not appear to indicate foreign attitudes on the part of the sighting. SOURCE was unable to make estimates of velocities or distances during the sighting.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: SOURCE stated that on 6 May 1956 between the hours of 1915 and 2015, he observed an object while driving in his automobile eastbound on NW 23d Street in Oklahoma City, Okla. The object first came into view in the southwest and traveled in a northeasterly direction. SOURCE indicated the object appeared to be round or elliptical in shape, giving off a bluish-white glow, and giving the impression of a solid, metallic appearance. The object moved without any visible means of propulsion, making no sound, and appeared to change directions abruptly, with a minimum of turning radius or deceleration. The object was sighted for approximately 5-7 minutes and finally disappeared from view to the northeast. SOURCE stated that the object did not appear to be larger than the average automobile headlight and was brighter than any natural celestial body or other object he had ever seen. The size of the object was comparable to that of an automobile headlight approximately 1/2 to 3/4 mile distant. During the period of sighting, the object did not appear to increase or decrease in size or brightness. SOURCE stated that he was unable to estimate the real size or distance of the object in its longest dimensions, but source did state that the object was a physical object and was not a reflection or a plastic-like substance. SOURCE indicated he first observed the object to the southwest and it appeared to be stationary. He travelled in a northerly direction at approximately 35 MPH for 5-7 minutes, during which time the object remained in approximately the same position in relation to his automobile. He concluded his observation when the object disappeared from view to the northeast.

UNCLASSIFIED