The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Disposition Form from Project Blue Book, containing a report of a UFO sighting.

FILE NO. UFO - Extract from SDO Report
SUBJECT: UFO - Extract from SDO Report
TO: AFOIN-15h  FROM: AFOIN-1X22a  DATE: 1 Aug 56
COMMENT NO. 1  MY CONTROL: 99117/2263/A 37

Following is an extract from SDO Capt. Helmis' report of 11 Jul 1 Aug 56 for your information and necessary action. The ATIC Form 164 is attached.

WILCOC ltr. Received a long distance call from Mr. St. Van Nuys, California, Phone Santa Monica 7-0828 to report as follows: "On 16 Jul 56 at approximately 8:30 pm, I observed a round object with a golden glow heading toward a large tree in my yard. It kept coming and stopped, finally hitting the tree and falling to the ground. I went out to the ball and announced that they were from Venus. When they talked to me (I did not see them, I could only hear them) they entered the ball. It was about 5 ft in dia, closed the door and went straight up. It seemed to be doing it by remote control." I did not investigate this further since it was completely out of my thoughts. I did a pretty good job too, until I last night I started pulling out this old report and after inspecting it again I was completely fascinated by its nature, including a ride in a small metallic object about the size of a regulation football. It was round in shape and had no visible portholes or window and made no noise but took off straight up at a fantastic speed and it maneuvered above the tree tops in my yard and hovered for three seconds only. At first, I was not too interested in this story to investigate and at least examining his broken tree branch. However, I diplomatically marked off as a silly story to quickly forget. But as I think about it now, I believe I should report it to ATIC for any necessary action they may deem proper. I do not know this individual but I am sure he was pretty sincere in his report.

1 Incl
ATIC Form 164

(Signature)
T. J. CONNAIR, JR.
Major, USAF
Adjutant