There is a photograph on this page. It appears to be a scanned newspaper or report clipping titled "UFO News Report" by Thomas M. Comella, detailing various UFO sightings and related information.

The OCR text from the document page is as follows:

```
July 19, 1956-Kansas-Several tear shaped objects that a ct 4V eland Lights in the sky were reported over many Kansas towns. The e round objects cast metallic blue or bluish green lights and moved slowly, often changing positions. O'Connell Air Force Base at Wwichitd sent a B-29 bomber, end Smoky Hill Air Force Base sent a dwo jet planes to investigate. A UFO was also picked up on radar at Hutchinson.

UFO News Report 
By THOMAS M. COMELLA
"SAUCERS" SHATTERED LULL AS MARS RACED TOWARD EARTH- UFO tnvestigare everywhere have predicted that 1956 would be the biggest year yet, Saucer*w+se! Until the end of July all was quiet on the UFO-front. it looked like 1956 would end without so much as one startling sighting. Let us remember, how- ever, that "Flying Saucers," as such, Just don't get a nod from the publicity boys anymore. If they are reported, they are called "mov- ing lights," "meteor-like," "glowing balls," etc. All mention of "Saucers" and UFOs is carefully avoided.

Presently, the intetplanetary discs are darting to and fro in the skies of other countries, and to some extent m America. The deluge of reports that started in late August this year proved the validity of the old theory that UFOs are widely seen when Mars ap- proaches the Earth. Since this o our last issue, it is quite appropri- ate that we announce that soon . . very soon . . there will be a UFO display over the great cities of Earth that will once and for all prove the existence of space visitors! Therefore, the "officer announcement will not come from Earth authorities, but will be brought about by definite action on the part of the Space Confed- eration! 1956 is not over yet! Remember the other great "Saucer" year . . . 1952 . . nearly all the sightings and contacts were made in the Last half of that memorable year. Adamski, Bethurum, Angelucci, Van Tassel, Williamson, etc., all had their experiences them.

AIR FORCE HUNTS MYSTERY "SAUCERS": Topeka, Kansas July 19th. Reports of a large flaming UFO over south central Kansas today sent reconnaissance planes from Forbes Air Force Base scurrying into the sky on orders from the Air Fight Service at Lowery Air Force Base at Denver, Colo. Two pilots from the 95th and 90th reconnaissance wings reported sighing the object. One of them said it was in the air and the other said it was on the ground. The Naval Air Station at Hutchinson reported to Forbes that its radar had picked up "a moving unidentified, ob- Ject" The object, reportedly shaped Like a tear drop and bled like a bJg light, was first officially reported by the State Highway Patrol on duty at Arkansas City Air Force planes took off to search for the mystery object. Other silvery discs and bluish eeght objects were seen maneuvering over the area. Nothing - - - absolutely nothing ia "Too Secret" to the UFOs! They can monitor any con- versation anywhere at any time. They often send down remo-controled devices to make surveys over secret government instal- lations! 

13
```