The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned document with typewritten text. Below is the text as it appears in the document:

---
U.S. Air Force Filter Center,
Charlotte, N.C.

Gentlemen:

Re: Unidentified flying objects

This is to report a simultaneous sighting of three unidentified flying objects -- two similar, one dissimilar. Date and time, Friday April 27, 1956, 9:20 P.M. Exceptionally clear and sky brilliant with stars at location seen. Place, Greensboro, N.C.

A woman friend was with me and saw the silver object, but only one of the two copper colored objects. She is somewhat nearsighted and I am extremely farsighted. We had been visiting a mutual woman friend that evening in the Country Club Apartments, located on the east side of North Elm Street going north, that is, to the right of North Elm. The apartments are two-storied, and several different buildings, and surround an inner large court of lawn, and trees of some height around the place. The court is very dark, as is the whole area at night, and I had just looked at my watch inside while we were chatting, and by the time we got outside It was about 10 min. later, or 9:20.

While still within the court, we both saw a brilliant silver object dart diagonally from the sky and she at once said, "A shooting star" -- but I immediately pointed out that it couldn't be a shooting star since it had no trail except the speed of the object itself, and that the head was far too large -- about the size of a baseball, seemed to round and very very beautiful in its unusualness. It perfectly came within yards of the tops of the tall trees, then suddenly it wasn't there at all -- it didn't peter out, just wasn't there. We saw it only for the space of about 3 seconds. My friend (Mrs. B.C. Barnes of Asheville, a court reporter who occasionally reports Court here as she was on this trip) said, "Why, I thought it was going to land right on the lawn! We were when we saw it, and Immediately after when we saw the other-- walking West towards the street, and the silver object was towards our right.

We were still discussing the object when I looked up to the starts in front of me, and suddenly I saw a moving object at a tremendous distance -- just under the star canopy, it seemed, and pointing it out to her -- after a few seconds she too saw it. It was moving steadily in a straight line from north to southwest, and it was copper colored. Size, about like a vanilla wafer, larger than a dollar. The shape of it was elliptical, to be certain I looked up the word in Webster's, and the drawing of an ellipse was exactly the shape of the object. Then I caught sight of a similar object about half the size of the first about a city block in the sky 

---
Please note that the top section of the page with the address and date is somewhat obscured and not completely legible due to the quality of the scanned document.