The image provided does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page of text, which I will extract as follows:

about two feet in mid-diameter and three feet in the elongated axis.
The object was less than a block away, passing over some lower buildings across Main Street to the east. It seemed to be about fifteen or twenty feet in height. Though almost silent, it glided in a straight line for about two blocks and suddenly changed its angle of descent and rose over the expressway heading for a parking lot on the other side. 
I was sitting in my car. I would it would shoot up over them and on toward the northwest, but it floated up over them and on toward the northwest, but it floated up over them and descended slowly, without a sound. A question as to what could be holding it up as it was certainly about two feet in diameter.
Then it appeared to move a little to the south and then moved to the west side toward Main Street and floated almost to the ground. This was so clearly that I could read the letters on the stop sign at the corner as it moved slowly down the sidewalk.
Unfortunately there were no people in the area at the time to observe it. After depositing its strange burden oh the sidewalk, it rose abruptly to the roof of the building, again meandering slowly around about ten feet above the roof, and then passed out of sight over the Union Station about four blocks away.
One might wonder why I didn't call others to join me in witnessing this. I surmise the performance was so totally incredible that I didn't realize what I was actually seeing until it took off at such unbelievable speed and disappeared from sight. So uncontrolled object could rise vertically, change its direction so swiftly and take off at such great particularl y when it was so strange! 
I am now retired but at the time I was Supervisor in charge of the West Coast Special Branch of Oil and Gas Operations, U. S. Geological Survey, Department of the Interior, and, if desired, my identity can be checked.
If you know of any logical explanation for this unusual performance, I would certainly like to be advised. As I can not think of any, in any event, no one can ever convince me that I did not see the entire performance as reported.

Very truly yours,
L. G. Snow