The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

Text Extracted from the Document:

AF FORM 113—PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FLIGHT 1-C, 46023 AI3S
AIS-UFOB-1373-55
PART TWO
PAGE 14

SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE REPORTS

1. Lt Col W.J. Hitchcock of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena was contacted to determine if he could furnish any publicity data or contacts made by his organization relative to this incident. He advised that his organization had not had any publicity contact on the matter and knew of no publicity that might have originated from any other source.

2. Col. Max G. Kittchen, Chief ATC Western Office, was contacted prior to his retirement from the Air Force and he stated he had no additional information on the case and that the investigation on his part had been completed. He was advised by SOURCE that TV, Radio and the press would undoubtedly publicize the incident. Col. Kittchen stated he concurred that a Mrs. Helene Robillard of Burbank and a Mrs. Rosalie Kenney of Van Nuys, California, had contacted him on this matter and that he advised them that the Air Force would not permit them to act as publicity contacts and that they should refrain from any further publicity efforts.

3. The Federal Bureau of Investigation, Los Angeles, California, was contacted to determine if they had any information or interest in the case. They advised they had no information and were not interested, indicating they had no negative results.

4. The National Air Intelligence Collection Service, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base Office of Information Service, was contacted and they advised they had no information relevant to this case. It was learned an On-Site Investigation had been conducted at the scene by the AIG, Los Angeles, CALIFUFO group with negative results.

5. The Ordnance Air Procurement District Commander at Pasadena, California, was contacted and it was learned that no items of Air Force equipment had been received as being involved in this incident. He stated he was not aware of any procurement action resulting from this case.

6. The Public Information Officer (PIO) at Patrick AFB, Florida was contacted. He stated the -------[redacted]------- had been in contact with him, but that he had no information or interest in this case.