The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Flight 3-d, 46024 AT33
I. SOURCE: (Civilian GOC Observer)
Address: Lackawanna 15, New York
Age: 12
Present Position: High School Student 
Education: Ten (10) qualifications: GOC observer (3i years)

II. RELIABILITY: SOURCE was a serious minded youth who appeared very interested in the GOC program. ACCORDING to his statement, his observations of various aircraft seemed to be high in accordance with that required of GOC observers. SOURCE's description was very consistent and made definite references to the size, shape and speed of objects observed. SOURCE is considered to be a fairly reliable.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:
1. On 29/23302 Feb 56, SOURCE was walking down South Shore Boulevard toward his home in Lackawanna, New York. He spotted five objects flying from the Southwest. He observed the objects for approximately five minutes. The objects were high in the sky. SOURCE said they appeared to be hovering. He estimated their size to be about the size of a house, and observed they made no sound. They were flying in a straight line and as he watched, one object appeared to separate and fall behind the other four. The objects were white in color.
2. SOURCE stated that he observed one object for a period of three hours and forty-five minutes. THIS object appeared to accelerate and ascend 25 to 40 miles east of the first object. This object was sighted for approximately twenty-five to forty miles east of the first object. This object was sighted for approximately twenty-five to forty miles east of the first object.
3. The first object gave off a bright white glow during the entire observation. The second object did reflect heat waves during their appearance.
4. During this observation of nearly four hours, SOURCE was in and out of his home, talked with his mother about objects and phoned Buffalo Police Center and reported his sighting.

SOURCE has been a similar type phenomena during past week while carrying out his duties as a GOC observer. FURTHER details are limited because of difficulty in determining EXACT details to SOURCE'S satisfaction at times and although they did not accelerate to any appreciable speed, both objects did move South across the sky.

2 Incls:
1. Statement by SOURCE.
2. SOURCE'S memory sketch of object.