The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text from the document:

COMMENTS of Preparing Officer:
In the opinion of the Preparing Officer, the sighting was probably an optical phenomenon for the following reasons:
1. The object was not visible in that portion of the sky where the sighting occurred. This may have been due to atmospheric conditions, and it is possible that the object or objects remained in that area but were not observed through the sky.
2. The movement of the object as described by the witnesses, in an arc from point to ultimate disappearance, indicates that the area traveled by the witnesses would include any apparent variation of the object's position.
3. The moon will move approximately 15° per hour, according to description furnished by witnesses, Object's movement in the 52 minutes it was visible was approximately 15°.

Moon:
Azimuth: 148.31 in one hour
Azimuth: 152.23 in one hour
Jupiter: 159
Venus: 159
Saturn: 159

Period: No weather balloons were present in the area during the sighting, but meteors or other unidentified objects of light were apparent, and it is possible that these might possibly create a reflection or light on a balloon with the resultant characteristics as described. According to the sources, it would appear that the sighting was possibly a meteor or other similar natural phenomena.

Negative of Research of possible aircraft in the area of sighting resulted in no indications that the object sighted was other than some natural phenomena. Tanker AR6 near the movement, however, of the object, as described, SOURCES indicate not a sighting or any tactical or strategic aircraft could be identified as connected with the sighting of the unidentified object.

INTELLIGENCE EVALUATION: The characteristics of the object as described by SOURCES precludes the possibility that this sighting was a meteor. Combinations of the object as reported by these SOURCES, however, suggest that the sighting may have been caused by meteorological conditions prevailing during the sighting, such as temperature inversions, may have been contributing factors to the occurrence of this sighting.