UFO FLYING SAUCER

No.7                                    (issued in September)                    August 1957.

CENTRO DE PESQUISA DOS DISCOS VOADORES - CFDV - Box 8449 - Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Auripnebo Herrance Simoes, Editor.

CONTACTS IN BRAZIL (continued from Bulletin No. 6)

So far four people have claimed to have contacted entities from other worlds and all the four are state of Sao Paulo residents. Three of them live right here and one other lives in near-by Santos. We have subdivided the stories of P.A. or Fidelis, or Dino Kraspedon, the case of Marcilio Godoi was covered by V.I.P.A.O. He covered and the flying Saucer; now we have two cases left. We will call them the "Rossi case" and "the Guimaraes case". Like the two former cases mentioned, there is no reason whatever to even slightly suppose that the contacts are authentic. They are only hypothetical in the reasons for telling lies. We believe the liars themselves would find it extremely difficult to tell themselves why they have lied. Perhaps one or two of them "know" that they lied, but at least we believe that they have not lied: Mr. Guimaraes and Mrs. Rossi. If we were allowed to suggest we reasons why these contact stories were concocted we put it this way:

Fidelis (P.A.) - partly out of vanity, partly to make money. He want people to know how wise he is, how sharp is his sense to ask unanswerable questions and also to offer a theory for the saucer's propulsion. He is terribly in need of money and think he can live as a writer.

Godoi: does not want to make money; just likes to have a crowd around him to listen to his wild yarns.

Rossi: Wants to make money, but believes he went to Venua. Hallucination.

Guimaraes: Hallucination. Does not want to write a book. Preaches love among all human beings. Wants atomic explosions to stop. Mystic.

Rossi and Fidelis have written books. Rossi has pityily wait that he wants to make money. Nice honest fellow. Fidelis, a shark. Is going to write some more books about saucers. At the bottom he is amusing himself hugely.

Since Rossi has written a book, we will deal with. Let us take the recent case of Professor Joao Freitas Guimaraes, who got the headlines not only in Brazil but also in Europe. We are herein conveying first hand information. We here to expose Professor Guimaraes as another hoaxer, because he has always been a very respectable citizen. He teaches Roman Code at the law School of Santos; he is president of the Lawyers Association; he is a Chairman for several high institutions and belongs to a traditional family in Sao Paulo. Nonetheless his story is not true. The maximum we allow him is that he has had an hallucination and maybe take he has been concocted as "a good cause".

About the Guimaraes case we have written extensively to Lex D. Mebane, Vice-president of Civilian Saucer Investigation of New York, 245 West 104th Street, New York 25, N.Y. Also on August 23 we mailed a letter to Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe, Director of NICAP about the same subject. Since this last letter contains the story bridged, we reprint it partly.

"I have written extensively to Mr. Alexander D. Mebane of CSI of New York, about a very recent Adamski-like alleged contact. Perhaps by now you know everything about it, but since it is another hoax and that the long many thousands of miles between USA and Brazil might turn a hoax into a fact, I am herewith sending a few details.

"It seems that flying saucers got fed up with so much visiting Salta in the Argentina or the British Isles and now Have shifted their attention to Brazil. Of late the strange objects have been plaguing Brazil with their sudden appearances and equally sudden disappearances. Naturally it is not possible for anybody to know why this is happening now in Brazil but the frequence of saucer sightings has now reached what could be termed as a new to our standards.

"Generally speaking newspapers don't pay much attention to "common sightings"; these common sightings are no longer news due to their almost monotonous pattern.