There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

SUBJECT: (C) Evaluation of Lakenheath Reports (Cont) 

Meteors, however, do not account for all of the phenomena observed. Capt Gregory, who made subsequent returns because of the ionization of the object leaving the radar scope, believes that the unusual and unorthodox motion of these objects as observed by the radars have over in the past observed meteors on their scopes and, if so, how such racons are different from the ballistic trajectory noted.

7. Dr. Whipple and the writer discussed the Lakenheath incident in length. Dr. Whipple pointed out that inasmuch as these facts are later hours than the ground observers. This suggests needs clarification inasmuch as the intermediate other portions of the report which indicate that at least in certain times visual and radar sightings were simultaneous.

8. Dr. Whipple stated that as far as the report at hand is concerned, no obvious physical solution is suggested. He deepened the inadequacy of the typical UFO report as a scientific document. He further stated that the nature of such reports is not likely to change if the Air Force was serious in its attempts to resolve this problem, both scientifically and in the public mind. The officials considered that some additional scientific progress must come if the probability of arriving at such solutions is to be increased.

9. The present writer submits that it might be considerable, potential material is the raw data from which one must work and that is general the investigator in any scientific data. In short, Dr. Whipple asked the writer whether the contents of any other corroborating or otherwise witnesses bearing on the credibility of data and facts as precisely those areas from which the maximum UFO reports originate. The writer responded that this had indeed been suggested in the past but this was because of considerations of expenses and of possible public misinterpretation.

10. The present writer submits that it might be considerably potential material is the raw data from which one must work and that is general the investigator in any scientific data. In short, Dr. Whipple asked the writer whether the contents of any other corroborating or otherwise witnesses bearing on the credibility of data and facts as precisely those areas from which the maximum UFO reports originate. The writer responded that this had indeed been suggested in the past but this was because of considerations of expenses and of possible public misinterpretation.

The Lakenheath report could constitute a course of action as far as future public demands, if the Air Force was to make a factual analysis of the air-ground radar performance, and make the results known publicly. However, it is not believed that such a course of action would be fruitful owing to possible claims of a mysterious character photographed. This would be especially true if during the time of such UFO reports from untrained observers continued to come in from that area.