The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum for record regarding a UFO sighting that occurred on September 13, 1956 in the Lakenheath-Bentwaters area. The text discusses the actions taken to resolve this matter, including reviewing teletype messages, discussing the matter with Dr. Hynek, and considering convening a conference with astronomical bodies to produce something of note. The document is signed by George T. Gregory, Captain, USAF.

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
SUBJECT: (U) Lakenheath-Bentwaters UFO Sighting - - Review and Comment by Dr. A. J. Hynek
1. On 13 September 1956, at the Harvard Astrophysical Observatory, Cambridge, Massachusetts, Dr. Hynek and the undersigned had discussions regarding this case. All teletype messages and the various factors and aspects were discussed in some detail.
2. Dr. Hynek was in agreement with the undersigned's comment to the SAC Commander in England and Headquarters USAFE, considering the many variables and other seemingly conflicting data involved in the UFO report.
3. Upon receipt of this sighting, Dr. Hynek was unavailable to review this report at the time of the application to the undersigned for guidance from the Harvard University Authority for satisfying the inquiry from the U.S. Astronomical Society Conference held in Berkeley, Calif.
4. The following action was taken in an attempt to resolve this matter:
a. Copies of all teletype messages from England were left in the custody of Dr. Hynek (deposited in safe in classified material assigned Dr. F. L. Whipple, Director of Astrophysical Observatory). A hand receipt signed by Dr. Hynek obtained the UFO case file.
b. Dr. Hynek will discuss the matter with Dr. Whipple who is in charge in Boston-Cambridge and with Dr. Hawkins, British astronomer-physicist, now with the observatory in Cambridge. Dr. Whipple is considered the foremost authority on satellite observations (if astronomical bodies is the world). With Dr. Hawkins participating an interested party (the undersigned UFO observer and experienced astronomer from England), the conference should produce something of note. This conference arranged by Dr. Hynek will be no expense to USAF.
GEORGE T. GREGORY
Captain, USAF