There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. However, I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text contained in the document and provide the output.

COPY 9/26/61

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
U.S. Air Force 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Gentlemen:

I assure your staff that I am writing this letter in a completely rational and logical frame of mind. I have made every possible attempt to be impartial and objective, honest as to purposes.

I have been conducting a personal investigation of UFO phenomena for two years. As yet I have obtained a definite and positive opinion as to the nature, purpose, or absolute possibility of UFO sightings. I do not feel that conclusions should be formed which are not sustained by positive evidence. so-called "sightings" of UFO's by uninformed people should not be formed with any amount of haste. The "truth" warrants continued and impartial analysis and evaluation.

I have just read the book, Flying Saucers and the U.S. Air Force. This is a very good attempt to explain and simplify the "flying saucer period" between June, 1947 and 1952.

It is a very plausible piece of work only as far as collection, analysis, and conclusions as to the nature of these many UFO sightings. But gentlemen, you are being very narrow minded and foolish to conclude that conclusions such as those formed in this book represent the sum total of our knowledge.

Tell me, how can a single organization such as yours possibly wrap up an age-old enigma that has baffled mankind for thousands of years? This to me is inconceivable. To think that one organization can bring to a conclusion. This investigation has to continue, but I sincerely believe that to carry on such a definite policy, as described in this book directed from your base, is a mistake. This policy seems to be based largely on misconceptions produced by long established conventionalism.

The problem is very primitive. Our science is literally just beginning. The matter of saucers landing on this planet is very possible. Unless we face up to the fact that we are a primitive society, operating under misconceptions and errors of great magnitude, I feel certain that this whole problem will not be solved. We could be the most sincere investigators of flying saucer phenomena. But to cloud the "truth" with closed rational, logical and completely obvious approaches to the problem of the UFO.

Let's face the evidence squarely in the face. Not the slightest possible attempt should ever be made to cloud the "truth". Doesn't it seem rational, logical, and completely obvious that a definite pattern exists?