There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document containing text.

STATEMENT

17 April 1956

I, Thomas P. Petits, Captain, USAFR, AO-770390, do hereby make the following statement in reference to an unidentified flying object which has been a matter of concern to me since 17 March 1956 and have no objection to this statement being attached to the 313th Fighter Bomber Squadron (Reserve) at Hill Air Force Base in Utah.

On 16 April 1956 at approximately 1930 MST while on an IFR, 14,000 feet mission at 37,000 feet, I sighted an unidentified flying object. My position at the time was aircraft heading 230 degrees direct from Kirkland AFB. I had the object in sight for approximately 2 to 3 minutes. The object was a bright silver color and was illuminated as a bright silver ball or globe. The object appeared to be larger than a car as it was falling or plummeting at a high rate of speed down from the canopy of my aircraft, passing my head around the cockpit and disappearing from sight into the overcast below the aircraft. In addition, the object increased in size and a change of color became more distinct as it approached, appearing as a bright silver ball and then diminishing in size and changing to a dull grayish color as it went out of sight. The object was originally closely observed for a possible disabled or disabled aircraft. After discerning that the object was traveling either 1,000 ft/sec or left and was at the 12 o'clock position as inbound to me, I went on instruments. While inbound, the object continued on a collision course. While under instruments, the object disappeared from my sights. I never lost visual contact on the object except when the aircraft went into the overcast. It did not return to the same general location, and the sighting was self-terminated. I am sure I did not pursue the object any further, since it was not seen again.

REPORT FORMAT AFR 200-2

1. Since it was night flight, the discernible outline of the object could not be determined. The side could have illuminated to give an impression of size or shape, but this is only a supposition and could not be determined periodically. There was only one object. There were no discernible features, contours, trails or other identifiable features except the changing lights and the strange movements.

2. The object was first noted as a bright light and identified as a normal aircraft, but its rapid acceleration and unusual flight pattern caused me to closely observe it. The elevation angle would be estimated as 290 degrees. The flight pattern was from left to right and approximately over Wendover, Utah. The flight pattern was from left to right.