There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

I also hooked in with my local AFB Commanding Officer and my unit (AFCS) Communications Officer on my switchboard. And they were also listening in on this telephone conversation, and they had heard from the Radar Commander on my switchboard, and they all know of the facts concerning this incident and were conversant with the details of the report on the target's movements and location. The target made several changes in location, always maintaining an altitude of about 600 mph and always from movement from point to point. The movement varied from 8 miles to 20 miles in length - no set pattern as far as time. Time spent between movements also seemed irregular. The AFB was very busy answering questions - listening to theories, guesses, etc. that the conference line was carrying. This continued for some time. After I imagine about 30 to 45 minutes, it was decided to scramble two RAF Interceptors to investigate. This was done. The RAF interceptors came from the RAF Station. They got off after as I will mention later.

The interceptor aircraft took off from an RAF Station near London and approached Lakenheath from the southwest. Radio and radar contact was established with the RAF Interceptors at a point about 30 to 35 miles southwest of Lakenheath inbound to Lakenheath. On initial contact we gave the Interceptors all the background information from the UFO's (which was stationary at the time) distance and bearing from Lakenheath. The UFO we explained was much closer to the RAF Interceptors now than it had been when the information was first relayed to them. As the interceptors approached Lakenheath, the UFO (which appeared stationary) executed a very fast maneuver and at a tremendous rate of speed departed in a southerly direction. The interceptors were unable to turn quickly enough, or increase speed sufficiently, to overtake it. Also mentioned in the report were the details concerning the light which passed below them. Its altitude was 5,000 feet.

We instructed the RAF interceptors to guide them to the UFO. This was partly guesswork, rather than actual contact, since the UFO had now disappeared from radar. This vectoring of the interceptor was done in an attempt to establish visual or radar contact. Shortly after, we were told the intercept aircraft had lost the UFO and it was not re-acquired. The pilot said, "Roger, Lakenheath, I've lost it." There was nothing more heard from the intercept aircraft after that. The UFO had disappeared.