The image appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report related to Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this document.

UNCLAS3IFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Flight 3-E, 4602d AISS
SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE EFFORTS:
1. A check with the 47th FIS Intelligence Section, Niagara Falls, AFB, revealed that Capt. G. E. RUFFE, USAF, who was on duty and could not be reached as of 1940, was the only individual concerned with the sighting. No other information could be immediately gained, as Capt. G. E. RUFFE was off duty and could not be reached. Attempts to contact him, by phone, were fully unsuccessful.
2. A trip was made to the Buffalo Filter Center, Buffalo, N.Y. (GEORGE OCHS) where a check was made, but no related information is the log of the 733rd AC & W Squadron on the UFOB the previous night. Lt. Charles TROUT, the commander, stated that no sighting or activity had been recorded or reported for this unit.
3. Lt. Roger J. L. ROYER, 0 Squadron was contacted. He had scrambled the F-86D on the basis of the "alert received from the Buffalo Filter Center". The pilot, Lt. Col James N. FAUST, stated that he had circled the area thoroughly but had not visually acquired or intercepted any unidentified object. No radar contacts were obtained during the period. The squadron was advised concerning unidentified lights over Eastern Lake ERIE (GEORGE OCHS data).
News from Capt. Earl FLAGG, Buffalo Filter Center, explained that the Buffalo controller had received a call concerning a lighted object in the sky. This object was then tracked on the radar scope of the Filter Center. As the object approached the base, Capt. FLAGG observed that the object was a normal aircraft in the area.
A. check with Capt. Keith JONES, Di/AAA representative, Lt. Col James N. FAUST, and Mr. Smith as to their reliability.
 Weather as of 1930 - 2100 hours EST: Scattered clouds to 3500 feet, Remainder of Night - Clear.
BUFFALO: Same as Niagara Falls.
Both Areas: No check or smoke in area where data was obtained (Niagara Falls) - No Moon - Set at 1300 EST, 29 Feb 56. Haze with visibility 2 miles.
A check was made with Division which revealed locations of lights and beacons shown in Incl 71.
7. A check was made with Di/AAA representative, Lt. Col James N. FAUST, who stated that radar was operational on the night of the 29th and that two (2) radar sets were on surveillance on the night of the 29th and that a target was not obtained. These people from the ACA units had not heard nor seen anything and their actual attempts at radar pick-up proved negative.