The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

OCR output of the text in the document:

Ltr fr A. High Dist CSI (IG) USAF file covering Birmingham,Ala.50Jun56 to Codr ADC:

"b. Course of Object:
As the time the object was sighted, Major Zimmerman was flying practice instruments under the hood and Major Celker was acting as safety pilot. The heading of their aircraft was to the north or approximately 360° east and the location was directly over Birmingham, Alabama airport. Major Celker first noted the object climbing to an altitude of approximately 2,000 feet and when it passed his aircraft it was, in his estimation, approximately 2,000 feet west of his position. At this time Major Celker banked his aircraft very sharply in an attempt to follow the object. At the same time Major Zimmerman called the attention of their commanding officer, Lt Col Rogers, to the observation. Lt Col Rogers was able to observe the object for approximately 4 or 5 seconds. The object, according to both officers, continued to climb in a southerly direction and disappeared from sight.

"c. Weather Conditions:
Both officers described the weather as CAVU with the visibility of approximately 10 miles. Since they were on a local clearance, they had no knowledge of a thunderstorm or other electrical activities in the area.

"d. Unusual Characteristics: 
The object was described as spinning at all times it was under observation and although the officers were in a T-33 aircraft at a cruising speed of 250 mph, the object readily pulled away from their view. However, it is noted the object readily pulled away from their view.

"Also, Major Celker claims to have had a camera in his possession at the time of the sighting, but states that since he first thought the object was a distant aircraft, he made no attempt to take a picture thereof."

The above officers complete their course of instruction at Maxwell AFB on all dates 1956, at which time they will be reassigned as follows:

Major Celker: James Connally AFB, Waco, Texas.
Major Zimmerman: Headquarters, Air Weather Service, Andrews AFB, Maryland.

2. The above information has been previously furnished to the Commander, 3800th Air Base Wing, Maxwell AFB, Alabama by District Office Nr 8, USAF.

3. This letter is a classified CONFIDENTIAL pursuant to authority contained in par 33(2)(a) AFR 205-1.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS;
NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED DOD DIR 5200.10.

H. NEWTON COLE
Lt Colonel USAF
District Commander