There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

Transcribed text from the image:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT

1. In compliance with par 7a (2) AFR 200-2, dated 12 August 1954, the following report is submitted:

(1) Description of the object:
(2) Shape: Circular
(3) Size: A known object: Nickel held in the hand at arms' length
(4) Color - White
(5) Number - One (1)
(6) Height - Less than one - N/A
(7) Any discernible features or details - Object was intensely bright, similar to an electric welder's arc
(8) Any other pertinent details - Outer edge (further identified in (3) below) stated he observed several exhausts emanating from outer edge of object. These exhausts seemed to be making the object move counter-clockwise.

(2) Other pertinent or unusual features - None

(3) Action taken:
(a) First observed object by looking through window of Building 1610 and did not have any communication with them.
(b) Men and women of Kelly AFB, Texas, were standing beside building 1610 while object was located.
(c) Object remained in sight for approximately 10 to 15 minutes
(d) Angle of elevation approximately 75° and azimuth approximately 110° when object was at its maximum elevation.
(e) Object was first apparent as a brilliant light at approximately 300 yards from observer. As it got closer, the size and brilliance increased until it was approximately the size of a nickel held at arms' length. The object then stopped and started in a south east direction once again. It hovered momentarily, then started moving again and it finally disappeared.
(3) Duration of observation:
(a) Object was in sight approximately ten (10) minutes.
(4) Number and type of observers: 
(a) 2 observers
(5) Other witnesses:
(a) Optical aids were used
(6) Location of sighting: 
(a) San Antonio, Texas

(7) Date and time of sighting:
(1) 25 September 1955 - Night

The above information was obtained from Mr. XXXXX, who was standing beside building 1610 and the other two (2) men were standing beside building 1610, Kelly AFB, Texas.
Senior aircraft Mechanic, Kelly AFB, Texas, age 32, and XXXXX, XXXXX, San Antonio, Texas, age 18, Kelly AFB, Texas. Shipping clerk Supervisor, Kelly AFB, Texas, age 19, XXXXX, San Antonio, Texas.

(a) None
(7) Weather and winds - Calm conditions at time and place of sighting.
(8) Observers stated that there was no sound or trail visible; however, at times bright lights were observed.