The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT", discussing an incident related to a UFO sighting.

AF FORM 112—PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FLIGHT 1-B, 46028 AISS
REPORT NO.: 13-7602-2-56
PART FIVE
PAGE: 12 OF 13
COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER
1. In view of the fact that neither Mr. nor Mrs. were available for interview and observation, the conclusion reached was that the object was beyond the realm of "probable" or "possible". Without direct observation, the conclusions reached must remain, in a sense, one of supplementary investigation.
2. It is the opinion of the Preparing Officer that the object discovered by Investigating Officers remains a problem for identification as definite conclusions as to its nature are not justified.
a. All sources maintained that the object resembled a rock or catefgorically stated that it was rock.
b. All sources mentioned the object as lay or volcanic origin of the object.
c. The object discovered by Mr. apparently closely coincide in texture, weight, and substance to the lava type rocks displayed and described at the U. S. Geological Survey Offices, Great Falls, Montana.
d. The Martinsdale-Harlowton, Montana area was designated by U. S. Geological Survey, Great Falls, Montana, as a district in which lava fragments maybe found laying on the earth's surface.
e. Due to the absence of data concerning the site and circumstances of the object's discovery, little support for a definite theory of meteoritic or other nature can be advanced.
f. All sources maintained that the object had been seen by other inhabitants of Martinsdale, Montana and the source knew of an observer who had distinctly observed the object as a rock or rock fragment.
g. It appears inconceivable that a self-supported power unit, if indeed seen by many observers, would be regarded as a rock in a small rural community, a type of community which is not only sociologically noted for what others consider as "cranks in the woodpile" psychological interests and attitudes, but is also famed for its word-of-mouth powers in regards to unusual phenomena and occurrences.