This page contains a photograph. The description of the photograph is as follows:

"Almost in center of photograph, a little to the right was a very definite and sharply defined disc. It appeared to be hovering practically above tree tops (Actual height above ground not determined.) Disc viewed from bottom. A dark dome was located in bottom center of disc. Outer rim of disc appeared to be of a metallic nature. Small thin radial lines seen to extend from outer circumference of dome to outermost edge of disc. Immediately behind disc and trailing off into distance was a thin black streak as if disc had cut path through fog. Upper left-hand corner of photo occupied by part of moon caused by its motion during exposure. Lower right-hand corner of photo occupied by top of a pepper tree. Lower bottom part of photograph occupied by roof tops of several nearby buildings. The photograph was very clear and the disc clearly visible!"

The rest of the text in the document is as follows:

"Position of camera: About a 45° angle from horizontal pointed toward moon. Lens set on exposure.

Reason for picture: Experimenting with a night time exposure shot.

Context of Photo

Almost in center of photograph, a little to the right was a very definite and sharply defined disc. It appeared to be hovering practically above tree tops (Actual height above ground not determined.) Disc viewed from bottom. A dark dome was located in bottom center of disc. Outer rim of disc appeared to be of a metallic nature. Small, thin radial lines seen to extend from outer circumference of dome to outermost edge of disc. Immediately behind disc and trailing off into distance was a thin black streak as if disc had cut path through fog. Upper left-hand corner of photo occupied by part of moon caused by its motion during exposure. Lower right-hand corner of photo occupied by top of a pepper tree. Lower bottom part of photograph occupied by roof tops of several nearby buildings. The photograph was very clear and the disc clearly visible!

Gentlemen, may I stress once again that this photograph was genuine. I know beyond the shadow of a doubt since I knew the family personally and that fakery and fraudulent intentions were totally inconceivable from a family of such high character. Impossible? Not in the least. You know, there are still some honest people left in the world today. An important point about the photo which I would like to point out is that the thickness of the fog was of a very thin and misty nature making any object unearthed in it still quite easily recognized. The light of the moon making the vicinity of the disc quite illuminated.

Furthermore, the family related to me that the Air Force conducted a thorough investigation of their house, immediate property, and surrounding buildings and not one piece of evidence could be found of any object which had the slightest resemblance to the disc. This ruled out any possibility of reflections from nearby objects.

I was also told that upon completion of the investigation, the Air Force could not come up with an explanation for the presence of the disc (UFO). Immediately they called the photograph false! Confronted with almost undisputable evidence of the existence of a vehicle of some sort, once again, the investigators fell victim to those age old enemies of prejudice, self-pride and arrogance.

What a pity that such characteristics still remain in the minds of so-called educated men. They aren’t showing their skilled ability, but rather their apparent disregard for the "truth." How many "truths" have gone undiscovered due to such narrow mindedness?

Furthermore the Air Force would not allow Life magazine to print a full story on the photograph. For obvious reasons, of course.

My contention is this, gentlemen. Because the photograph was so real and had no evidence of fakery and due to the nature of the subject"