The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing various observations and theories related to radar sightings and temperature inversion phenomena.

Text extracted from the document:

2. Temperature inversion reflections can give a return on a radar scope that is as sharp as that received from aircraft at approximately 200 speeds. The objects appear to move in all directions.

3. Such radar sightings have resulted in hunts of fruitless intercept effort.

4. One scientific theory holds that light can be similarly reflected from layers of warm air above the earth and, if proved to be correct, this could account for some visual sightings.

5. Bearing out the theory of temperature inversion is the Air Force air craft sighting in January 1951 near Oakridge, Tennessee. Two Air Force aircraft actually established a radar "lock" on the object. This was at a time when the Air Force was not admitting the reality of the reported "flying saucers" and this incident identifiable at an elevation of ten to twenty-five degrees. Three passes were made in an attempt to close on the object.
In each instance the pilots reported that their radar led them first upward and then down toward a specific point on the ground.

6. Ionized clouds are believed to be the cause of some unidentified radar returns. Thunderstorm activity is used for the purpose of avoiding thunderstorms. In addition, radar has picked up many objects first reported as "unidentified" which have later been identified as balloons, ice formations in the air, or other known aerial objects or manifestations.

C. CONCLUSIONS
1. The Air Force has stated in the past, and reaffirms at the present time, that these unidentified aerial phenomena are not a secret weapon, missile or aircraft developed by the United States. None of the three military departments nor any other agency in the government is experimenting with devices classified for security reasons which could account for the reports made of objects sighted, which are known to be either a hoax or the result of misidentification of natural phenomena.