The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a memorandum for record regarding a sighting case involving Dr. J. A. Hynek, who is described as a witness to the sighting. The memorandum provides details about the sighting, including the description of a kite-like object observed by the witness and their spouse, who were believed to be members of intelligence agencies. The document concludes with a statement that the sighting will be placed under an "Unidentified" category until such time more information is obtained.

Output of the text found in the document:

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD 21 Sept 56
SUBJECT: Dr. J. A. Hynek Case. Henderson, N. C. - Personal Interview by Capt. USAF

1. Reference letter from Dr.Hynek addressed to Miss Mme employees regarding a proposed interview on the sighting observed by her on 16 April 1956. Letter in case file.

2. The following are the results of conference held between Dr. Hynek and the undersigned on 13 September 1956 at Cambridge, Massachusetts:

a. Miss , who is now married to her then fiancee (and observer of the sighting) was interviewed together with her husband. Mrs. is believed to be a member of the CIA. As such, this would place both Mr. and Mrs. and a "classified category".

b. The object which passed over their car at dawn was observed for only a fleeting instant. It rushed the front of their car and Mrs. turned around to observe it flashing by from the rear window. Under questioning they were unable to furnish any large details.

c. Both insisted that it was not a newspaper or large bird, such as owl, goose, etc. that suddenly flew across their car while speeding through the darkness.

3. Dr. Hynek and the undersigned approached the following possible explanation of the sighting from the only film clue: "It looked like a large kite".

a. It was March and children do considerable kite flying at this time of year and in this locality.

b. Kites are usually snagged in telephone wires or trees throughout the United States, and the general size and shape of a kite does resemble a large toy.

c. A kite hanging from its string, and a few feet above the highway, would seem to suddenly pass over the car and "startling speed" and disappear from the rear window.

4. Mr. and Mrs. being members of intelligence agencies, told a publisher and newspaper correspondent that there be no publicity. Although the above explanation is feasible, the sighting will be placed under an "Unidentified" category until such time more information is obtained.

George T. Gregory /
Captain, USAF