There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a page of text that appears to be a report or document, but no photograph is visible.

Here is the text from the document, output as if it were processed by an OCR system:

UNCLASSIFIED

Fli;: u s- ; 4 or i>j' oeen Dy
'I. the 'Ufli'c.r CJLii iii'ii,-jfl j.£ the
i.'ilj- pres .i't. in tlie
a;jj;ar3 to be two jet' aircraft flying
in a formation pattern with trails, i'ne jet aircraft
seem to be proceeding toward^ or awl~y from him,
so close they Could not take avoidance action,
i'he object, as described, was elliptical in shape,
slightly larger than the largest jet aircraft,and
crossed the vapor trail of one of the aircraft.- The
distance could not be eetit.ated, but it was judged
to be exceptional in speed. ...ic observed, it appeared
br i l l i a n t white in color, with no visible pvcpulsion or
exhaustTsysteih. Ihis observer could see no apparent
wings or vertical tail to the object. It appeared
to the size of the jet aircraft where the vapor
trail crossed it,according tq this observer. Ihis
obscurved no trail or exhaust from tho object and it
appeared to be traveling much faster than the jet
aircraft, an. disappeared from sight in a matter of
seconds. Ihis observer reported he was certain no other
aircraft, a:iJ ^is wife was with him who also observed
the incident.

2. An l i t o r observer, who did not wish to be further
identified. stated that he observed an unidentified
object on August JL3, 1950. in the vicinity of
La Jolla, Caiif'ornia. He states he was traveling in
his private automobile at the time and first observed
the object in the sky to the west of his position.
He stated that the object appeared to be round or
ball-shaped and was traveling at a high rate of speed.
He estimated its speed to be several times that of
conventional jet aircraft. rie could not estimate its
size or distance from him due to the fact that he had
no reference point with which to compare it. He said
the object seemed to be s:noke-gray or silver in color
and did not emit any trail or exhaust. He stated the
object was in sight for approximately 30 seconds
before it disappeared from view to the east. He said
the object did not follow any specific course but
rather seemed to be maneuvering in an erratic, Jerky
fashion.

UNCLASSIFIED

SECRET