The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page of text from what seems to be a UFO report document.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

(Continued)
about 2500 yards in a 3 south direction. This coincided with the general location, elevation and movement of Mars for the one hour period in question. (Report: Mars sight and making disappearance).
Visual Air Sighting: The two air pilots who were vectored to search the area claimed that visual contact was made with the object, which appeared as a clear white light, moving, and with apparent rapid acceleration. The performance beyond visual characteristics was considered by the pilots to be of considerable significance.
It appears to the air command authorities from this case that while certain meteorologic phenomena could account for portions of the observations, the totality of the information cannot be satisfactorily explained in meteorologic or aircraft terms. The first reports (approximately 1 hours in duration) appear conclusively to indicate sightings of an unusual nature which extend the capability of rational explanation in the form of presently known meteorologic and aeronautical phenomena.
As a result of witness interviews and study of the technical data, it appears that the physical and physiological characteristics of the sightings suggest strongly that they were not caused by natural meteorologic phenomena and its attendant optical effects. However, despite the apparently numerous and reliable witnesses, certain elements of the report cannot be conclusively established beyond reasonable doubt, and therefore the exact nature of the phenomenon observed cannot be determined with complete certainty.
On the basis of the above, the limited data provided, there is no material evidence which would conclusively prove the reality of these sightings. This is simply because the observations did not permit sufficiently complete and accurate data collection which could substantiate the existence of intelligently controlled air vehicles of unconventional origin. All that can be established is that certain unusual aerial phenomena were observed which have not yet been fully explained in terms of presently known physical principles.