The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from Dr. J. Allen Hynek, who was the Director of the Astronomical Observatory at the University of Chicago, to an unnamed recipient. The letter discusses a series of photographs submitted by the recipient that appear to be related to a UFO sighting. The letter mentions that the recipient should submit the photographs directly for evaluation, rather than to the photo people, as they have discussed the recipient before. The letter also mentions making a copy of a letter from Mr. relating to the circumstances under which the photographs were taken, and states that they will keep this case confidential and comments on it. Finally, the letter discusses the recipient's glass camera and remarks that the writer attempted to attach a "brownie" camera to it when he was younger, which accidentally knocked the telescope completely around on one of the photos. The letter does not appear to contain any human faces.

POST 9703
112111 bo (AIRTE)
DIRECTOR OF ASTRONOMICAL OBSERVATORY
OHIO
14 NOVEMBER 1956

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Astronomical Observatory
60 Garden Street
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Dr. Hynek:

Attached herewith is a series of photographs submitted by Mr. ----. This constitutes material news no introduction, inasmuch as we have discussed him before. It may also interest you to learn that this case film, a continuing material under this number, look like a number of a "private" UFO research organization.

I submit these directly to you for evaluation rather than to go our photo people because of photographic aspects which I feel we do not have the degree of sophistication to handle.

Attached also is a copy of a letter from Mr. ---- relating, briefly, the circumstances under which these photos were taken. We shall keep this case confidential and comments on it shall remain so until the "Director* says the results.

As to those quaint glasses, I am prompted to remark that in my younger days as a "teen-scene," I attempted to attach a "brownie" camera to one end of a cardboard tube telescope. I innocently knocked the telescope completely around on one of the photos, after the inevitable action of the contents being thrown about in the painted tunnel of the tube.

It would have been interesting if the zoom was in the same photo with the subjects. As it is, it could be anything photographed. The fact is if the sky was photographed with any degree of magnification, other celestial objects or lights would undoubtedly appear on the plate.