The document has no photographs. 

Here is the OCR of the text as requested:

```
Page 2

The UFO was so high that it glowed in the sunlight long after dark on the earth's surface. There were some cirrus clouds in the upper air about 7:00 P.M. and I was far above them. I had ascertained their height to be 11,000 feet. My rough calculations may have been far off, of course, and I think they possibly were. I am inclined to belive the UFO was at least 100 miles high, as I have talked to observers as far west as 100 miles and north 50, and all them say it appeared overhead to them.

I have contacted the Weather Bureau, the Air Force bases at Carswell Base and Perrin Field and all of them say they do not have any information on the UFO--don't know what it was. It was gone on the morning of April 5.

So much for that. Now another:

On April 5, two days after the above-mentioned UFO was seen, While Mr. Carl Johnson night editor of the hern at, this city, and a companion were driving five miles east of lckinney they saw a silvery object, five to eight feet in diameter, stand down in a field 100 yards from them. They stopped the car and the UFO took off at a terrific speed and disappeared. They thought it resembled a balloon.

Another: On the night of April 13, nine days after the UFO was sighted over the city, I was at Mr. Grant facing's house looking at stars with him through his telescope. Starting to leave at 9:15 P.M I saw two red lights shoot low over the house tops to the south. I at first took them to be jets, but by that time I realized they could not possibly be, we bay'd already met' West. I could not ascertain how far away they were, so said nothing, save to ask Anderson if he had seen them or heard and planes. He had not. A few days later a local man called me, Mr. James Mintner, caled and asked if I had seen any strange lights over the city at the time and date named above. I asked him, without leading him to believe I had seen them, just what they looked like and their direction, He said they were pale blue and traveling west overhead. He said there were three of them, and they made no sound so far as he could hear. With the UFOs triangulated on, I could estimate their height and speed. They were about 150 feet above the ground and as they traveled over an are of ebout 40 degrees in the estimated two seconds that I observed them they were making somewhere in the vicinity of 1,800 m.p.h. Mr. Mintner, viewing them from below said there were three of the, and the giowed pale blue. I only saw two and they were red.

In addition to all this, I would like to state that I am no believer in flying saucers but am submitting this for what it may be worth in view of the data you already have on hand concerning UFOs.

Yours sincerely,

Captain U.S. Army, Retd.
```