There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed report or document discussing a UFO sighting incident.

NO CASE (Information Only)                   9 May 1956
Jacksonville, Florida

"INCIDENT ON DARK STREET:

Case # 2, Jacksonville, Florida, May 9, 1956 - I received a letter from Richard M. Buggy of Buffalo, N. Y. regarding the incident of May 9th in which Mrs. A--, a correspondent of his, saw something over the South-Eastern part of Florida. Mr. Buggy's comments regarding the sighter are:

'The letter is from her father, who is a personal friend and co-worker of Joan's. He stated that Joan's father has never shown much interest in flying saucers or anything pertaining to CRIFO. He believes she is a very bright student in school and has always been very serious minded. Mr. Fort has never known for her to play tricks or perpetrate a hoax.'

Following is Joan's letter to CRIFO, dated June 10: 'I received your letter of May 30 inquiring about my "saucer" experience. I will try to give you the details as accurately as I can remember. On May 9th my girl friend and I did go to the drugstore for some soft drinks. As we were leaving the drugstore, I happened to look up into the sky. At first I didn't pay much attention, but then I realized that what I was seeing was not an ordinary plane, but appeared to be a tremendous bright light, hovering above the tree-tops. It seemed to be oscillating from side to side and changing colors, going from brilliant red to brilliant white and back again. It was making a slight humming sound. As I watched it, it suddenly shot straight up into the sky and disappeared. The whole incident did not last more than a minute or two. 

'I do not believe the newspapers recorded the sighting. I have not seen any reports of it in the papers. It was very dark and I am sure that there were no other light sources around to account for what we saw. There were no other people around at the time that I noticed. We were the only two to see the object. I actually thought at first that my eyes were playing tricks on me, but I am sure now that what I saw was real and not imaginary. I am still puzzled as to what it could have been. It seemed to be surrounded by a sort of halo or aura of light and the changing colors were most unusual. I would be interested to know if anyone else in the area reported seeing the same thing on that night.'

I do not believe that there is any indication that the sighting was a hoax or misidentification. The witness appears to be a serious, honest and reliable person. The object described is consistent with many other sightings of UFOs, including the oscillating motion, color changes and rapid speed. I would rate this sighting as 'unknown' unless further information comes to light.