The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Nitrogen Division of a company located at 40 Hector Street in New York City, dated May 7, 1956.

The text of the document is as follows:

United States Air Force Headquarters
Unidentified Flying Objects Project
Attention: Captain Gregory Bronsky
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

It would like to report a rather unusual serial sighting. Last Saturday evening, April 28th, at approximately 8:30 p.m. my wife and I were attracted by what appeared to be a bright star getting brighter. For more than ten minutes its light increased to a white brilliance, then it began to dim to a medium dull red.

This observation was casual until the light started to move from east to west. A transport aircraft bound for New York was passing in the same direction at a slow thousand and was noticed to be moving at a little more than double the speed of the light. The brightness of the light diminished but did still maintain a dull reddish color. It was noticed to change direction to what must have been south, and its light became enormous speed, considering the estimated high altitude. Then its light became faint as it wobbled and disappeared. The elapsed time from first noting the growing brightness of the light did not amount to more than fifteen minutes.

Lacking any equipment to record this phenomenon, I immediately drew a sketch of the sky as it was at the time of the occurrence. The enclosed map also details the movement of the light and other estimates which may help those concerned with the old area.

As to credibility, I can offer the fact that aviation was my business throughout the late war's, I was a technical representative for Lockheed Overseas Corp. and Curtiss-Wright Corp. in England and Europe. Also, I was associated with technical consultants to the leading Childless of Staff, Technical Development of the United States Army Air Forces. I have a certificate of development at the end of the European war in 1945. I have a certificate relating to the flight of the first application from the end of the European war in 1945.

Speaking from this background, I can assure you that the aerial object was not an aircraft of any kind. It was some phenomenon not only new to us but to most aviators and military personnel who have also been perplexed about these things until now and continue to be. I hope this report will be of some use to your project. If there are any further questions, please feel free to call upon me.

Yours very truly,
Nitrogen Division