There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book report. 

TEXT CONTENT:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
PART ONE
PROJECT NO. 3-6-4-2602d AISS (ADC)
I. SOURCE:
Address: REDACTED, Maine (EXT 2734)
Age: 44
Occupation: Housewife
Education: High School
Qualifications: None
II. RELIABILITY: As an observer and judge of time, distance and size, SOURCE was considered completely unreliable.
DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:
EST. SOURCE was finishing out a bottle at her kitchen sink. She looked up and saw a "Machine flying seemed to lower towards the house". It was round, the size of a "washing machine cover" held at arm's length. "There was only one light on it but it seemed to be turning on and off." The object hovered about ten feet above the ground and SOURCE believed that it was no more than 300 feet from her. A dog barked occasionally at night while outside the house, and SOURCE believed that the dog could hear sounds from the "machine" that SOURCE could not detect. The dog did not bark at this occasion because it was in the living room. SOURCE knew nothing about the type of propulsion or steering that was used. SOURCE was first noticed about ten feet in the air and about fifty feet from her children's play yard. It moved in a gradual horizontal forward motion, about as fast as a man could walk, and SOURCE did not estimate the speed of the object. She believed that it was 25 feet away from her when she saw it through her kitchen window. It was night and dark outside, but when SOURCE concentrated on the object, she would only state that she "wasn't looking at the stars or moon". She had no idea what the weather phenomenon could be. When SOURCE finally could no longer see the object, she stated that it had to be transparent so in order to see the bright green light but it can't be seen, because you would see it coming down."
SOURCE stated that about two weeks prior to this sighting she and her thirteen year old son noticed a flash of light through the same kitchen windows. Approximately two weeks later, during the night of December 21, 1956, a "large ball of fire" came down and landed on their property. SOURCE claims that these "flames came from "flying saucers" that did not come down to earth, but hovered descending her unbelievable height before the "flying saucers" are real and came from outer space. She felt the unger "to pick up samples" such as "branches from trees." Further, she felt no danger, but "when is the portion quiet to move his lights "before it is the "machine." 
SOURCE claimed that a whitish substance remained on the children's swing where the saucer disappeared.