The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. It does not contain any photographs, only text.

OCR Text Output:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. IC-EPF-2-26) I DATE: 23 SEP 1956
MISS-IPFG-1473-56 | PAGE 1 of 1
1. During a visit to a ranch near Van Nuys, California, on or about 6 July 1953, a local citizen claimed to have observed the fall and landing of an unidentified objet' t in a field. A bushksha ft containing' approximately 1 cubic yard of dirt and small stones was found at the site, which the citizen asserted had not existed prior to the incident. The object, which the citizen could not identify, was discovered buried under about 2 feet of dirt about 30 yards from the center of the brushksha ft depression. The citizen claimed he had produced two drawings which he had reproduced from memory; however, these drawings could not be located. In view of the citizen's claim, the incident was reported and the area investigated. This investigation, however, failed to reveal any tangible evidence to substantiate the citizen's story. The investigators noticed the date there was a depression in the field, which appeared to be about 2 feet deep and 4 feet in diameter. They could find no additional evidence to indicate any unusual activity had taken place at the site.
7. The citizen who had reported the incident was contacted on the morning of 14 August 1953, approximately one month after his original report. He stated that on the previous evening (13 August) at approximately 10:30 PM, he had observed an unidentified object hovering near his home, but that it disappeared before he could get a satisfactory view of it. He further stated that he had not prepared any drawings since his original report and that he would be unable to furnish any additional information or evidence regarding the incident. In view of the lack of tangible evidence, the matter was considered closed,
9. Inclosures:
1. Sketch of Broken Portion of Trace
2. Photo of Brush-marked Area
3. Photo of Brush-marked Area (Close-up)
4. Photo of Brush-marked Area (Distant)
5. Photo of Depression, Burned & Disturbed Area
6. Photo of Additional Burned Area (No. 2 July 30)
UNCLASSIFIED