There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR output of the text in the document:

```
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TD-E

TD-E/Major Friend/w/69216
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

17 OCT 1961

Hq USAF (SAFOS-3e - Major Coleman)

1. Reference the attached letter to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center from 431 North Juniper Street, Escondido, California, dated 26 Sep 61, discussing the USAF Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Program.

2. It is the FTD opinion that individuals who don't have the courtesy to give their names do not deserve a reply. However, if you plan to answer this letter it is suggested that the following points be considered for inclusion in your letter:

a. The writer indicates that he or she has not made up his or her mind concerning UFO's, but the entire tone of the letter is that of a believer.

b. The writer accuses the USAF of feeling that the UFO problem is completely solved and expresses wonder that the Air Force feels it is competent to do the job. The Air Force feels certain of two important points, (1) that UFO's do not constitute a threat to national security and (2) that all of the UFO's which have been reported to the Air Force to date can be explained as due to what can be termed natural causes. Further the writer should be made aware of the fact that the Air Force does not work on the problem alone but solicits the aid of other Government agencies, industry, educational institutions, or private scientists as the needs of any specific sighting dictate.

c. It should be pointed out to the writer that the Air Force is completely open minded and considers each case with the same care and attention and without preconceived notions of its outcome.

d. The writer indicates that a so-called pattern has been established by UFO's, and this is evidence that they are probably interplanetary space vehicles here for a specific purpose. This same approach is used to attack the Air Force position that to date no evidence is available which would indicate that UFO's are interplanetary space vehicles, and that they are probably due, for the most part, to the misinterpretation of natural objects. It should be pointed out to the writer that one of the most consistent factors in nature is the adherence to pattern.

COORDINATION: TD-E

/s/ Robert J. Friend
Major Robert J. Friend
DATE 17 Oct 61
```