There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

According to the OCR output, the text in the document is as follows:

"a foot long and two inches wide and deep in the black-painted cabin with a motor mounted with a mother object. The bottom of the object was convex and some concentric circles were seen on two protrusions that seemed to be hatches and no warning lights in the area to indicate something from outer space.

Case 225, Williston, N. Dak., Sept. 23, 1955—We quote from a letter received as follows: "On the first take of this object, it was coming toward us and seemed to stop suddenly and hang almost stationary. It was a bright light, four to six feet in diameter, circular in shape and with a slight teardrop effect. The object then split into six or seven smaller objects, each as bright as the original object."

The object was described as aluminium-colored, emitting a bluish-white light which was fairly steady and not flickering. It was one half mile in diameter and appeared to be somewhat closer to the observer than the Great Northern RR embankment.

The observer, who was a pilot, said that although he was adjusting his telescope Saturday evening, the object did not seem to be connected with any telescope mounting or any other equipment he had. According to the Grand Rapids Herald, a pilot said two young children observed the object while driving the family car.

Mrs. Dorothy Muldoon of South Bend, told the following story: "Around 4:30 p.m. I saw an object floating through the sky. Something went by under my right wing going like the wind. Stopped, hovered for a moment and then shot off again at terrific speed. I tried to get a closer look but I couldn't." This object, she said, had a Delta wing shape and resembled an airplane, but was much faster than any plane.

Under Case 225 at Columbus, Ohio, Sept. 25, 1955—In this case, eight cigar-shaped objects followed an airliner at 1:50 p.m. The objects were larger than the plane which was the usual commercial type. They came in from a long distance and then went up and out of sight. It won't be very long before someone succeeds in getting a good photograph of these objects.

Case 226, Detroit, Mich., Sept. 25, 1956—Under the headlines, "Mystery Blasts Unexplained" the Detroit Times said the following: "The Jinks occurred shortly after 11 p.m. Saturday night in a downtown neighborhood of Detroit. Residents thought they heard a loud explosion. A check by police showed no signs of fire or explosions, but something unusual had occurred."

According to the Detroit News, the county sheriff reported that two police officers heard a loud blast and later that same night reported seeing a bright object flash across the night sky and disappear. A spokesman for the Detroit-Wayne Airport control tower reported receiving an unidentified blip on their radar scope at the time of the blast. There were no explanations offered for the strange phenomenon."