The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, likely from 1956. The text on the page discusses the analysis of a UFO report, providing details about the object's appearance, light and shadow characteristics, and recommendations for further investigative steps. The report does not mention or identify any individuals.

Ltr. ATIC, Subj: Analysis of UFO Report, IR-61-56

Clearer wire lines between base two points are all clear and in sharp focus, in contrast to the object which is somewhat fuzzy and unclear.

1. Photo analysis strongly suggests that the out-of-focus, indistinct background of the object caused by any intervening motion through space, but because of its very close proximity to the camera, the images of the object will show an object will appear lighter in color as it recedes into the distance. The object here, which is supposed to be approximately 1000 feet or over one-third of a mile away, is as dark or darker than any object in the field of view.

2. The direction of the light and shadows on the object does not appear to be consistent with that of the surrounding objects, as a study of all the photographs attached indicates.

3. In addition, the identification of the object into sharp different densities reveals unusual fine detail and on the object which suggests a thin, sharper outline of the object's configuration. This is unusual, as the general trend is for the density of the film image to become more murky or less sharp as the distance increases.

4. The opinion submitted in the IR that the sighting may have been caused by a "temperature inversion" cannot be remotely considered, as the object shown here is a dark, solid, tangible one and such inversions usually cause distortions and ragged shapes of hot and cold air masses combined with a wavy or cloudy formation which they are a part of.

5. In accordance with established policies for providing field assistance with guidelines and casistence on UFO investigations, the following is considered in the investigation of sightings or study type involving UFO photographs.

a. Investigative and interviewing personnel "mentally" prepare themselves, and the demeanor and guidance shown within the U. S. photograph.