There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. This seems to be a typed textual document, likely an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

Text from the document:

"The following is a transcription of a letter written on November 23, 1955:
'Dear Sir:
This is in reference to the U.F.O. sighting reported at Cincinnati, Ohio, on September 7, 1956.
The following is a summary of the available information:
On September 7, 1956 at approximately 9:00 p.m. EDT, Mr. [REDACTED] and four other witnesses observed a bright light or object in the sky which appeared to be hovering over the Riverfront area of Cincinnati, Ohio. The object was observed for approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The witnesses described the object as being round in shape, orange-red in color, and larger than a star or planet. The object was reported to have made a rapid upward movement and then hovered again. No sound was reported.
'Dr. [REDACTED] was contacted and he stated that he had a sighting very similar to the one described above. His sighting occurred on September 7, 1956 at approximately 9:00 p.m. EDT. Dr. [REDACTED] stated that the object appeared to be round in shape, orange-red in color, and larger than a star or planet. He further stated that the object appeared to hover and then make a rapid upward movement, remaining visible for approximately 10 to 15 minutes.
'In view of the similarity of the descriptions and the time of the sightings, it is believed that both Mr. [REDACTED] and Dr. [REDACTED] were observing the same object.'
The following is also a transcription:
'September 7, 1956
Cincinnati, Ohio
7:30 p.m.
DETAILS:
Dr. [REDACTED] telephonically reported observing an unidentified flying object on the evening of September 7, 1956 at approximately 9:00 p.m. EDT. Dr. [REDACTED] stated that he was sitting on his front porch at his residence in Cincinnati, Ohio, when he observed a bright, reddish-orange light or object in the sky over the Riverfront area of Cincinnati. Dr. [REDACTED] stated that the object appeared to be round in shape and larger than a star or planet. He further stated that the object remained hovering in the sky for approximately 10 to 15 minutes and then made a rapid upward movement and disappeared from sight. Dr. [REDACTED] stated that no sound was associated with the object. Dr. [REDACTED] stated that the object was visible for a total of approximately 10 to 15 minutes.'