The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

Dear Mr. -----

This is to acknowledge your letter of 17 March and the questions concerning the identified flying object.

It must be assumed that the much publicized Washington "radar sighting" of 19 July 1952, is the case in question. This case was determined to be targets caused by a temperature inversion.

There is no record in the Air Force files of a sighting at Kirson AFB on 25 September 1952. (The Kinross case). The kilotons outlined in several books and articles as having been caused by an unidentified flying object. There is no case in the files which even closely parallels these circumstances.

The objects on the film taken at Tremonton, Utah on 2 July 1952, were determined to be birds, probably sea gulls.

The air force activities no concerning the photograph taken by Mr. --------- near Amarillo, Texas on 2 August 1956. Not knowing what radiation vapor is, it is the Air Force opinion that some explanation at the time speculated that the object was an irradiated vapor trail and was not a true photograph of the object itself.

The Air Force is not aware of any release date for the photograph taken by Mr. ----- The original was in the hands of the owner and he was free to do with it as he pleased.

The Air Force cannot confirm that the objects photographed by individuals were unidentified flying objects. It should be understood that the normal background for any area may constitute a few hundredths of a millirem/Giger, this is considered normal and constitutes no danger whatsoever.

The Air Force is not aware of any statement, official or otherwise, by a government agency to the effect that UFO's are space ships.

The Air Force has no specific knowledge of infrared tracking of unidentified flying objects.