This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Difficulty in Evaluating Reports
1. The difficulty in disposing of these unexplained sightings is based largely upon the lack of accurate basic data such as size, shape, composition and flight characteristics (speed, acceleration, etc.), altitude, exact time, etc.
2. Although some instruments which are useful in obtaining more accurate data of this type have been available, the reports based on sightings with these instruments have been very infrequent and comprise an extremely small percentage of the total. However, these reports have not included much of the information required.
3. Because of the difficulties of this basic data, the Air Force has in the past devoted its efforts primarily to determining whether these unexplained sightings indicated the existence of a menace to the United States. Initially it was believed that some unknown factor might evolve from the study of a large volume of reports. To date, no pattern has materialized to reveal any threat, but investigation continues, since these reports are considered as possible evidence which can be construed as a menace to the United States. Nonetheless, since these unexplained sightings persist, the Air Force will continue its investigations, giving the problem adequate attention.
11. Reports of similar phenomena go back to Biblical times. There have been flurries of them in various centuries. The current series of sightings began generally in 1946.
12. There are many reasons why the volume of these reports has increased materially during the past few years. Aerial activity organized by man has increased, and people today have a greater curiosity about the activity of celestial bodies above them. Our present scientific equipment is more sensitive and people are more receptive for reporting unusual observations. But it is uncertain whether this measure itself can be considered an advance in scientific investigations, as our ability to understand these phenomena does not seem to have advanced in step with our capacity for observing them. The Air Force believes that most of these phenomena will gradually be understood as more is known about occurrences in the upper atmosphere.

RADAR SIGHTINGS
1. The Air Force has received many reports of unusual images on radar scopes. It is fairly well established that some of these images are ground clutter reflected from a layer of warm air above the earth (a temperature inversion).