The page contains a single photograph as described under the caption "Description of Photograph."

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
-2-

has been established over these thousands of years and the frequency of
these sightings by very competent observers gives very solid support
that there is a definite purpose in the presence of the UFO's! I would
like a very carefully considered and unbiased answer to the above question.

It is utter ignorance, prejudice, and narrow-mindedness to try and
explain the majority of UFO sightings as simply misinterpretations of
familiar objects caused by unusual viewing conditions. Gentlemen, let's
be more sensible and unbiased about this whole situation.

Why can't you accept the possibility that our planet is being con-
stantly surveyed by an intelligence far superior to ours? Our modern
day science is fifty years old; another race's refined science may be
ten thousand years old. This to me and many other people is quite con-
ceivable. Why don't you stop kidding yourselves and face up to the ever
increasing evidence which comes to your desk. To be ignorant is one
thing, but to construe "obvious evidence" is another.

"Material" evidence you say you want. Gentlemen, how much evidence
do you want? Surely no one is going to capture a UFO and deliver it
nicely to your doorstep for you and the whole world to see. This is im-
possible. To accept that UFO's are visitors from space only on the con-
ditions that your organization see, feel, and smell one is pure nonsense,
Surely man cannot be that "blind." To be continually confronted with
repeated UFO observations by competent and often skilled observers and
to continually reject the possibility of visitors from space is the
height of irony. One day you will surely regret this repeated behavior.

At this point, I would like to relate an instance back in 1957
which I sincerely believe the U. S. Air Force tried to suppress knowingly
and without regard to the personal character of the persons who submitted
the UFO sighting.

The family which I am referring to lived in Bostonia, California.
In 1957 I had known the family for about ten years. In my opinion, this
family contained the highest moralistic, sincere, and honest character-
istics of any family I had known before or since. Believe me, gentlemen,
this point I would like to stress. You couldn't have found a more honest
family if you tried.

I was attending San Diego State College at the time. One weekend I
visited the family. During the visit a series of photographs were brought
to my attention. Yes, I know, the minute you hear the word photograph
fake, fraud, trick photography flash into your minds. Well, you can
immediately cancel any notions as such. The basic snapshot was not
a fake of any sort, but was a simple, innocent snapshot of a "space
vehicle" hovering in the immediate vicinity of their home.

Description of Photograph

Camera used: Simple, box-type camera.
Conditions under which picture was taken:
     Night time(don't recall exact time or date) Full moon, foggy con-
dition, but not too thick.
```