There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a scanned page of text which appears to be a memorandum discussing the identification of fibers. The text contains a detailed analysis of the properties and characteristics of the fibers, comparing their similarities and differences to other synthetic materials.

MEMORANDUM

To: Leatherland 
Subject: Identification of Fibers

A sample of fibers was brought in for identification. Microscopical examination reveals that these fibers are multifilament under.

The individual fibers seem to be monofilaments and not staple fibers. 

The individual filaments are unusually small being about 2 to 4 microns in diameter. A rough birefringence measurement gave a 0.022. The filaments seem to be slightly oval in cross section though so sections were nearly circular. The oval shape may cause some error in birefringence, but the range of birefringence for regenerated cellulose is 0.021 to 0.029.

The birefringence* of some other synthetics are nylon 0.060, dynel 0.065, dacron 0.173, orlon-0.002, and acrilari -0.005. The size and birefringence also eliminate all natural fibers originating with the possible exception of spider web and this seems unlikely since it would be difficult to make yarns of it. The fibers are insoluble in acetic acid, chloroform, dimethylformamide, and 90 per cent phenol. They are soluble in cuprammonium hydroxide and also in concentrated HCl. This is characteristic of regenerated cellulose fibers, either viscose or cupraammon rayon. This solubility behavior eliminates cellophane, cellulose acetate, viscose H, Arnel, Verel, Orion, acrilari, and dacron.

It is difficult to distinguish between the viscose and cupraammon regenerated celluloses. In ordinary size ranges they usually differ in cross section, but in this size it would probably not be possible to distinguish them. Matthew's Textile Fibers, 4th edition, edited by H. R. Mauersberger, gives birefringence is the difference between the refractive indices of the fast and slow vibrating parallel to and perpendicular to the long axis of the filament.