This page contains a photograph. Below is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
ROUTING AND COORDINATION

AF01N-4
AF01N-4X2
AF01N-4X3
AF01N-4X4
AF01N-4A
AF01N-4B
AF01N-4C
AF01N-4D
AF01N-4E
AF01N-4F
OTHERS
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

to Mrs. [redacted], Brooklyn, New York

Some comments should be made regarding the results of our analysis
of your report. The original negative would have provided us
a more conclusive information:

a. Brownie cameras have a single-element meniscus lens.
They have a very slow shutter speed, between 1/25 to 1/30 seconds.
b. A query of your local photo experts, or an experiment on
your part in photographing some person will disclose that unless
the subject remains still a slight blur will result. A slow-moving
automobile photographed with a Brownie will produce a more blurred
effect
c. Anything passing rapidly, as you state, by the window,
such as an aircraft or rocket would be an almost indistinct blur.
The Brownie camera cannot stop an object moving at high speed. The
distinct outline of a road in the bottom of the print indicates that
"panning" was not used.
d. The object in your print is sharp and clear.
e. If this was an actual object, the use of simple optical
calculations (the known focal length of the camera and apparent dis
tance of the object), "several miles away," will show that the object
would be of such size that it certainly would have been seen by a
large number of people, numerous aircraft, and by the extensive radar
network that surveys the skies over America twenty-four hours a day.
f. Nothing of this nature was reported by any of the above
within that general area and time.
A review of current airway charts between Coos Bay and Portland
indicates that this area has one of the heaviest air traffics in the
Northwest. There are almost 30 airfields within the flight paths be
tween these two locations.

Our files contain many photographs (other than deliberate hoaxes)
which have been found to be spots or smears on airliner windows re
sembling various types of supposedly space craft. Emulsion flaws
are also accounted for a number of these objects appearing on photo
graphs. The latter results when prints under development, in a solu
tion or water bath, become stuck together in certain small areas,
tear drop, elliptical and other unusual shapes are formed when

PERM
TEMP

90 DAYS
INITIAL
2
ATIC FORM 144 (REV 29 FEB 56)
ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET
AF-WP-O-2 Mar 201
```