guess and the answers were always telepathic. They had come on a mission of in-
vestigation and of warning. An appointment for a new meeting had been agreed
upon, for August 12 1957 although the same time and on the same spot. Guimaraes had
not made good his word because someone belonging to his family had died the day
before. He had kept the secret for 14 months (since June 15 or 16 1956), but Dr.
Lincoln Peixad, State representative had let the cat out of the bag. That's
why the newspapers knew about his adventure and that's why on August 12 1957
so many people including reporters had gone to Sao Sebastiao.

He added that within our atmosphere the central body and the flange-like rim
of the disc rotate contrarywise, thus producing "ethereization" and half a vacuum.
This vacuum reaches 1000 meters on any desired direction and the saucer moves by
constantly being impelled toward this vacuum by the air pressure. There's a
special device on the top of the dome and around the outer rim of the flange,
giving off 250 luminescent light; this is the propulsion light for entering outer rays.
When out of planets' atmosphere the propulsion is then shifted to "magnetic".
Inside the ship there were only one instrument; it was a circle like a radarscope
provided with three funny needles which indicated direction of flight - right,
left, up & down.

[Simple hand-drawn diagram of a disc-shaped craft, showing a domed top center, 
windows along the side, a hatch marked on the lower left, with labels indicating 
"250 GLOW", "E-LIGHT GLOW", and other markings]

This is the disc as drawn by Professor Guimaraes.

On August 14th, TV Channel 5, as advertised, would present Guimaraes between
12:00 and 13:00 o'clock, local time. At home I watched his behavior, two announcers.
I went to the studio and arrived there just when the interview
was at its end. Guimaraes had repeated the whole story. It was agreed that he
would appear on a night show on August 20th at the same station, at about 22:00
o'clock for a longer show. I was invited to be present and accepted.

I tried in vain to talk to Guimaraes privately but the crowd of curious peo-
ple was tremendous. Finally I got his permission to drive to his home in
Santos. With me were my wife, Dr. Mario Cintra Gordinho and Dr. Jayme Velez; the
latter is an Electronics engineer (Cronobla, France) and the second famous
lawyer, actually the revisor of a book about saucers I am about to have publish-
ed. Fourty minutes after our trip began, we all were sure that Mr. Guimaraes
had told a tall tale.

I pointed out to him that in order to see the earth, "that size", he should
have been at least three million kilometers out of our atmosphere and I gave as
an example the distance from the moon. It's apparent and, moral size, as compared
to the earth, etc. Guimaraes had not thought about it and was rather shocked.
He said he had never read a book about saucers, nevertheless he suddenly mentioned "International Bankers" as main culprits for the silence about saucers. Sau-
cers, he said, are from worlds far more advanced than ours and many people on
earth are aware of their arrival power, etc., but it would be terrible for the
bankers to see the colleges of our progress if a new energy were discovered. The
saucers had come perhaps due to the atomic explosions there's a difference in
the luminescence of several ionized layers; these layers are responsible for
the possibility of life on the earth, but we are jeopardizing our security by
exploring atomic bombs. People from other worlds can't interfere directly but
are worried about our scientific mischiefs. People from other worlds are nice
people who would like to see us improving morally, to avoid wars, to be kind to
each other, etc. (Adamski's preaching). At a certain point in our talk I told
him that I admired Adamski, because he had had the moral courage to invent a story