The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an Air Intelligence Information Report, specifically Part Four.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
PART FOUR

1. A check with a temporary bartender at the "Upper" Saloon, Martinsdale, Montana, where Mr. ___ resided, provided the information that the rent of the above-named saloon had been paid for through July 1956 and that he had heard from the proprietors of the "Upper" Saloon, who were not available for contact, that Mr. ___ had taken up residence at an unknown address near Missoula, Montana (EKGS 0052) where he, Mr. ___, was to be employed as a bartender. The Bartender stated that he had taken all personal effects of Mr. ___ from the "Upper" Saloon.

2. A check with one Mr. ___, Martinsdale, Montana, for additional corroboration of data relating to the object discovered by Mr. ___ yielded no results, as Mr. ___ was not available for contact.

3. Contact was made with Detachment 6, 9th Weather Sq., Malmstrom AFB, Montana, concerning locations and recovery data pertaining to airborne meteorological equipment. Personnel of the above unit stated that parts of one lost radio-sonde had been retrieved to their organization since August 1956. The Post Office or locality dispatching these radio-sonde parts could not be determined. Pertinent of the above data indicated that parts of radio-sonde equipment has been found in various areas of Montana, but that subsequent to August 1956, the U.S. Weather Bureau, Great Falls, Montana, became the only U.S. agency sending airborne meteorological equipment aloft. As the U.S. Weather Bureau meteorological equipment was shipped with U.S. Weather Bureau markings, some of this latter equipment has been dispatched to the U.S. Weather Bureau, Great Falls, Montana.

4. Contact was made with Detachment 15, 19th Weather Sq. 29th AD (Def), Malmstrom AFB, Montana concerning locations and recovery data of airborne weather equipment. Results were negative, as such equipment has not previously been used in present areas by above organization.

5. A check was made with the U.S. Weather Bureau, Great Falls Municipal Airport, Great Falls, Montana, concerning flight and recovery data of airborne weather equipment. Personnel of the above agency stated that airborne weather equipment that had been landed in a field in a certain location in Montana was recovered in good condition and that such equipment and its components had at times been found in the rural areas about Martinsdale (EKGS 2056) and had then been sub-sequently dispatched via U.S. mail to the U.S. Weather Bureau, Great Falls, Montana. The above agency dispatches two radiosonde dailies and enjoys an approximate plus 25% rate of recovery in regards to lost airborne equipment.

6. A check was made with Mr. ___, Geological Survey, Great Falls, Montana concerning the geological characteristics of the locations, Martinsdale and Harlowton, Montana areas. Mr. ___ explained through the use of geological structure maps that lava rocks and friable gray rock that was found on the surface in the Harlowton-Martinsdale, Montana areas are located on the Castle Mountains (EKG 4202). Approximately 27 miles due south (180 degrees) of Martinsdale, Montana are located the Crazy Mountains (EKG 4202). Both of the above mountain ranges are indicated as having geological characteristics similar to those described as being associated with the object discovered by Mr. ___.