UFO News Report

By THOMAS M. COMELLA

EXCLUSIVE! . . . For the last few months TRC has been extensively investigating a series of sightings in the Cleveland, Ohio, area. When all of the facts, diagrams and maps were integrated, we realized that these incidents formed one of the most comprehensive UFO files to be found anywhere.

For many weeks TRC pondered what action should be taken and we finally placed the complete file in the hands of the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright Patterson Field, Dayton, Ohio. The case file was also sent to prominent persons in other governmental agencies. We feel that this file proves conclusively that unidentified flying objects are controlled by extra-terrestrial intelligence who are visiting the Earth for a very definite purpose.

Visitors Move In Close: Cleveland Observed: On October 14, 1955, I was driving north on Kemper Road in Cleveland. At approx. 7:20 p.m. a string of yellowish lights caught my attention in the upper right of my windshield. I pointed the objects out to my companion and we were both amazed at the brightness and arrangement of the strange objects. They were much brighter than the nearby car and street lights and stood out brilliantly in the night sky. I slowed down and we watched them make a gradual turn. They executed this maneuver simultaneously. As soon as possible, I phoned my report to other investigators in the area with whom we had been working. The case was recorded but not much was made of it. Exactly one week later, on October 21st at 7:15 p.m., Ed Smith of Cleveland telephoned me. He described an unknown object with a dome on top that made several "passes" at the National Malleable Steel Bldg. The object projected two, possible lights downward before disappearing to the east. I immediately called Al Roush, who lives in South Euclid, an eastern suburb of Cleveland. Al told me that he and his wife had seen the object pass low over their home. The next day, TRC started an extensive investigation. The results of that investigation and the conclusions drawn follow:

Immediate interviewing revealed five other witnesses to the happening along a route from west to east. They included a country club doorman, a Sohio gas station attendant and local residents. Maps were drawn of the object's course and when all of the facts were correlated we had a very complete record of a UFO flight over Cleveland.

To establish the unknown classification, Al Roush spoke to many authorities whose business it is to know what goes on in the air. Mr. Hilliard, Safety Division of the C.A.A., told TRC that the only advertising plane in this area was not up during the UFO sighting. Also, a discussion with Mr. Turner of the Goodyear Wingfoot Air Ship Base in Akron, Ohio, revealed that no blimp was over Cleveland that night or any other night that week!

Another check with Mr. Gorhan of the Cleveland Air Taxi, Inc., proved that a helicopter could not have been responsible for the unusual sighting. With these results, Mr. Roush proceeded to the Canton Air Force Filter Center with his report. He was interviewed by a Sgt. Lee, who seemed extremely interested. After several conferences with officials of the base, Sgt. Lee told Mr. Roush: "Well, we think what you saw was an unidentified flying object. Most of the UFOs travel at tremendous rates of speed, make sharp turns and hover. This object is not in that class. However, from your account, this was a UFO . . . no other explanation seems to fit. It's a UFO is seen, we study it, get radar on it and send a report on it to higher authorities at Wright Field. Dayton will conduct an air investigation if necessary. If the sighting can be explained—then, but if it cannot be explained we have orders not to release anything on it."

So ended the first part of our investigation. The next step was to plot the sightings and approximate the course of the UFO. The results were amazing!

The first record of the object was made by Ed Smith, a Pinkerton detective. He was on duty at National Malleable when an object, with a dome, made three apparent "passes" at the building. The same object, or another one just like it, moved east toward the Cleveland suburbs losing altitude all the time. Gas station attendants at 88th Street described the object as a "row of yellow lights" with no wings and completely silent. On this craft moved down Kemper Street and a dweller later gave a similar description, with one exception. The craft had evidently lost altitude other witnesses reported that it was very low. Still, no sound was audible.

The farther east the ship moved the closer it came to Earth. Until it moved over Roush's house in South Euclid, the general description was "a row of silent yellow lights." However, Al Roush could perceive a definite shape behind the lights and it seemed to be separated into two sections. The object was at tree-top level and then made a vibrating, droning sound. No navigation lights, wings or tail could be discerned. Instead, the shape was described as that of a plain, disc-shaped object, and it was still descending.

A Mr. Thompson, doorman at the Mayfield Country Club east of Roush's house, reported a terrific thunderous noise at the same time, although he didn't go outside. Also, at the same time, a resident across from the club told us that their television set went "to the blind" when they heard a something sound. The said: "Odd that it would disturb our television set like that . . . many places fly over here and it never bothered us before!"

We interviewed residents farther east but no one had seen the object. We heard nothing that night. So, either the object went straight up after passing the club or it landed in the wooded area nearby. If one study of its flight pattern, it is believed that it landed!

Here we have a case where an unknown object glides over Cleveland, observes a vital defense installation, then slowly) disappears! Obviously it finally, apparently lands in a desolate area. It's possible that its flow ability in surveying the range of radar. The individual nature of this reconnaissance mission and concluding, . . . the UFO appeared to know the way about Cleveland and exactly what it wanted. It is believed that this could be nothing more than a reconnaissance mission after the actual purpose has been accomplished. More on this and other two-attitude sighting in future issues.