The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document that describes the details of a sighting of an unidentified flying object on the night of April 5, 1956 near Schenectady, New York. 

Text from the document:

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 59--THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

The Ryan Case

An American Airlines plane had just taken off on a flight from Albany to Syracuse, New York, on the night of April 5, 1956. The sky was clear with a very thin overcast. At 10:15 E.S.T., while at about 6,000 feet over Schenectady, Captain Ryan and his first officer sighted an unidentified flying object and reported it to Griffiss Air Force Base. Bright orange in color, it glowed clearly in the northwestern sky, seemed to travel at exactly the same speed as and parallel with the aircraft, and maintained this steady course during the entire flight. The tower operators at the Albany and Watertown airports also saw the object, as did the crews of four other plane flights, who decided it was probably a star or a planet. The shift supervisor in the tower at Griffiss Air Force Base, alerted by Captain Ryan, was able to observe the unknown through binoculars. He described it as apparently round, larger than any star, at an estimated altitude of 5000 or 6000 feet, when first sighted. It looked white with an orange tint but after about ten minutes changed to orange with a red tint. During the twenty-three minutes, it descended slowly over the horizon. Interceptors from Griffiss Air Force Base were scrambled but could not intercept the object (their mission being to take off and pursue as quickly as possible) at 10:43 and 10:55, but returned to base without finding anything. Captain Ryan, having watched the object during the entire flight, landed his plane at Syracuse and made his customary report.

The newspaper accounts that followed caused a short-lived flying-saucer scene. But when officials from ATIC investigated they had determined the object was the planet Venus. The observing plane had been flying northwest on a heading of 230 degrees; the object was directly ahead of them all the way. The ground observers from the Griffiss tower, when they first picked up the object at 10:20 p.m., had estimated its position at azimuth 330 degrees. It had descended slowly over the horizon about 15 degrees to the left of the spot where first sighted. A plot of the planet's position showed that at 10:20 p.m. on this particular night Venus was on or just below the western horizon at an azimuth of approximately 335 degrees. Thus the unknown and Venus appeared at the same position, remaining so the entire time the object was observed. Refraction of the light through the earth's atmosphere had projected the image slightly upward, and the associated dispersion of colors had produced the brilliant red glow [1].

There the matter should have ended. The puzzle was solved, and forgotten by all but a few saucer addicts. Some twelve months later, however, Major Donald Keyhoe reopened the case. As the new Director of the National Investigations Committee for Aerial Phenomena, commonly known as NICAP (see Chapter XIII), he charged the Air Force with misinforming the public as to the true facts of the incident.