The page contains one photograph.

Document OCR output: 

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.
SUBJECT
(U) Request for Analysis - UFO Photo
TO
AFOIN-LDZ2
FROM
AFOIN-LDZ4
ATTH: Maj Willner
DATE 28 NOV 56
LJL/Capt G. R.
Willner/ltd cl 69246

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2 and established AITC policy for the review and analysis of UFO reports and photography, request your analysis and comments with regard to attached photograph.

2. Subject photograph was submitted by a Miss of Brooklyn, New York, and in her meager report states that it was taken at 27,000 feet, presumably from an airliner. She further states that a "Brownie" camera was used.

3. There are some unusual features surrounding the photo. A macroscopic examination shows a 'halo' or margin surrounding the object. The object is much darker than the background and from the over-all nature is very difficult to discern which is ground and which is sky, both blending in together. Assuming a distance of 300 yards (approximately 1000 feet) of the object, the "halo" would be approximately 50 feet wide. Consideration has been given to this being a negative or developing "flaw,” but the object appears rather symmetrical on both sides.

4. A letter to Miss with a standard UFO questionnaire requesting detailed information on the sighting is contemplated, pending your conclusions.

Henry A. Miley
HENRY A. MILEY
Colonel, GS
AFDIN-LDZ4

1 incl
Photo

TO: AFOIN-LD24
FROM: AFOIN-LD2
DATE: 3 Dec 56
AFOIN-LD2a/Major Willner/pam
52173/B263/Room 865

The object appears to be the result of damaged emulsion on the original negative. This probably was caused during the processing wherein the emulsion stuck together during part of the processing resulting in a partially developed "spot" that will print out darker than the background, more comprehensive analysis of the object can be made from the original film. In this, it can be determined if the object has caused by a flaw in the negative emulsion, or whether it is worthy of further analysis

WILBER PRICE, JR.
WILBER PRICE, JR.
AFDIN-LD2

1 incl
n/c
