The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Air Force Project Blue Book, which was an investigation into unidentified flying objects. 

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO.: 15-UC02-56 PART CRE
PAGE 2 OF 13 PAGES

I. SOURCE: Miss [redacted] 
Address: [redacted], Martinsdale, Montana
Age: Approximately 40
Occupation: [redacted] 
Education: 14 years
Qualifications: Martinsdale, Montana, 14 years.

II. RELIABILITY: The source, a small woman of medium proportions, was vigorous and alert. She gave evidence of mental agitation and vocal excitation, but her gestures and physical appearance were rather restrained. The behavior of the source indicated the discussion concerned an event which had immediately preceded the incident about which the source volunteered information. Upon confirming Mr. [redacted] departure from Martinsdale, Montana and after very limited probing by the investigating officer, the source supplied all information on the sighting which she had available. The source did not appear to be of the common gossip type, but rather appeared as an individual of normal intelligence. Source's description of the object observed by Mr. [redacted] was corroborated by testimony of local affairs officials. There was some conflict with other objects previously reported as locals claimed the object described was similar in appearance. Her reliability is considered to be "C".

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT AND OBSERVATION: The source was working at the Martinsdale, Montana Post Office when on the evening of approximately 15 Nov 56, Mr. [redacted] entered the office and reported the observation of an unidentified flying object. The source stated there were several persons in the office at the time, the identity of which he did not know. Mr. [redacted] did not explain why he considered his object important, but source did not remember the location. She thought it to be either near the Martinsdale (6 miles northeast) or Mr. [redacted] ranch. The object was described as one the size of a large flashlight, approximately 6-10 inches (15.24-25.4 cm) wide, spherical and the color of a dull black-gray. Object was approximately 10 to 15 inches (25.4-38.1 cm) long and had a trail of light or flame approximately 2 to 3 inches (5.08-7.62 cm) in length. The object was observed to be moving at a very high rate of speed and was in sight for approximately 2 to 3 seconds. The object did not make any sound. The source stated that Mr. [redacted] appeared to have been carefully watching the object and source assumed it to be of some importance to him. She was unable to make any further comment on the object.