There is no photograph visible in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, containing text and analysis related to a UFO sighting.

JET CHASE from Page 1
The final section of the report goes on to state that after identifying the Air Force planes in the area, the pilot "then lost sight of the UFO". It seems the pilot was given and received permission to determine the nature and source of the UFO sighting.

The report then states that the radar showed he was closing in at a speed of the jet, which was approximately 600 knots (around 700 mph).

At eight miles range the radar showed a round object appeared in the sky, directly where the pilot had reported the UFO. To show up as more than a pinpoint, the UFO had to be quite large, described if a pencil eraser if placed against the windscreen.

The report mentions this object was supplied by North American Aviation, builders of the F-86 Sabrejet, and the Civil Air Patrol had a UFO be about 350 feet in diameter. 

The Air Force report continues, stating the pilot's radar was suddenly jammed by a strong interference, using anti-jam procedures for ten seconds, this eliminated the mysterious interference pulses. Then they regained the radar lock-on, and the jet held its course.

When the jet closed to within five nautical miles of the object, the pilot could not close further as the object suddenly accelerated. After the UFO's flight turn, the pilot's radar indicated that the object had increased its speed to 1800 knots. (Approximately 1900 to 2100 mph). The Air Force report adds this was an estimate, since the UFO's rate of departure was faster than the jet's radar could track.

The seriousness with which the UFO sighting was regarded is indicated by the fact that a Special Advisor to NICAP (the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena) was appointed to analyze the case.

All equipment, including the radar, operated correctly. The aircraft then was thoroughly checked by ground personnel, and found to be functioning normally, according to the Intelligence report.

NAVY MISSILE EXPERT
UFO INVESTIGATOR
IS NEW NICAP ADVISER
Captain Robert B. McLaughlin, USN,
Commander of the Naval Ordnance Test
Station, China Lake, California, has been 
appointed a Special Advisor to NICAP.
Captain McLaughlin will be responsible for
evaluating and analyzing UFO reports and evidence referred to NICAP.

NICAP Explanation: At the moment
when the pilot made his relative estimate
of the UFO's size, seeing the object appear 
much larger than his own plane, the UFO
was probably at its closest point in relation
to the jet's altitude.

The size of the object would depend on
its actual size, its distance, and the angle
at which it was seen - whether it appeared 
head-on, broadside, or edgewise. According
to North American Aviation, makers of the
F-86 D Sabrejet, this distance for the
Sabrejet is 2.27 inches, making the UFO's
diameter is at 3,520 feet.

The average pencil eraser is one-fourth
of an inch in diameter. According to the
dimensions confirmed by the Civil Aeronautics
Administration, if the pilot's eyes were
2.50 feet from the windscreen, the object
would have appeared the same size as the
average pencil eraser, or 0.25 feet in
diameter. Even allowing for an appreciable
error in the pilot's estimate, it seems plain
that the UFO must have been at least 500
feet in diameter, and probably much larger.

The significance of this Air Force report
is obvious. It is clear that armed forces
pilots are still encountering unexplained
UFOs - solid, round shaped objects seem- 
ingly under intelligent control - though no 
official still go there is no evidence of their
existence.