There is no photograph present on this document page.

Here is the OCR transcript of the text found in the document:

---

6. The names of the five witnesses mentioned in paragraph 5, are:

-••fijMiiii employed as a maintenance man by Crane Village North Crarts?
The other four witnesses are-HAO Crane Security police guards.

* said that the object was, lie believed, a star.' He said
that the night was extra clear and the star very bright; that it glimmered and looked as if it was changing colors; and that he has since checked the same area, found the star, and been told that it is the planet Mars.
8. The Crane Village witness who did not at the time of sighting it report the object as an unidentified flying object stated that on 27 October at about 2030 he had been in the Crane area and had noticed the brightness of this star and that it had a tendency to change colors and had remarked to his companions that that was no doubt the flying saucers that some of the people had been seeing. This witness stated that he was familiar with the planet of Mars and he definitely was positive that that was the object he saw.
Grange Nc

5e t

9. The .aere of the witness mentioned in paragraph 5, is Captain *• is employed in the Security Department of NAD Crane as Chief of Police,

10. The witness who reported sighting an object from the Administration building in the center of the depot stated that the time of sighting was 1827 on 27 October; that the object was seen to the ^g ways raised at about
lee elevation; that it appeared to re n , red, then green, then white or clearly that it appeared to be about the same size and b^hightness as a very bright star; that it stayed at the same location and height while observed by the witness from 1827 tp 1825, after which the witness returned briefly ^ indoors; and that the witness was not able subsequently t*. locate the object,
11. Tuale af the witness mentioned in paragraph 10, isattached to HAC(A), -n^m-^awd he is stationed at NAD Graoe in the Comptroller C-... Department; ^lahem address is  Crane, Indiana*.
12. Naval OCD log entries for 27 October indicate that the object was reported seen from Crane Village from 1830 to 1835, and that Security police guards reported seing another object in the Northeast area 1950 to 1950, on investigation failed turn up any information in regard to the second object.

---

(Note: Some text appears to be partially obscured or indecipherable and has been approximated with placeholders or interpreted as best as possible.)