The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a typed document.

Here is the transcription of the text on the document:

---

Analyst's Comments:

Subject: UFO Sighting Reported by Griffiss AFB, 10 April 1956

1. A check with astro charts (emphasis) and astro almanacs show the planet Venus almost on the horizon (as observed from the ground) at 0320 Zone Time (1020 Local Time), and located at approximately 325 degrees (NW by N) azimuth. In vicinity of constellation Taurus.
2. This coincides very well with information given by all principals involved. The reported size (size of a pea) also supports conclusions that it was Venus.

3. Venus prominent and very bright during this time of the year, and as stated in report, brighter than surrounding stars.
4. Note: object was observed for almost one-half hour with apparent little or no movement.

5. Observing stars or planets through binoculars has often been a source of inconsistent data in that it gives the object an illusion of movement, high speed and odd maneuvers, a fact not often known to many. (An attempt to keep a star fixed in the center of a binoculars' field of view will demonstrate this.)

6. Certain atmospheric conditions can make an astronomical body seem much larger, brighter and nearer when near the horizon. Example: Under such conditions the moon often appears 5 times larger than when viewed overhead. This effect is emphasized when observed in the air and against a dark sky, and have resulted in some weird effects being reported by pilots having their gaze fixed on the object while flying. A few UFO reports describe that pilots have reported that the object is moving away or towards their aircraft.

7. This has often been found to be confusing, even to old experienced pilots, and the explanation is generally unacceptable to them. Any phenomena encountered for the first time and without advance notice, such as Aurora borealis, sundogs, fireballs, meteoric showers, lighted balloons in jet streams, as shown from our files, can be very confusing.

8. Conclusions: Misinterpretation of a known object, Venus, by virtue of fact observed under conditions producing unconventional appearances.

G. T. G.

---