The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" and marked as "UNCLASSIFIED".

The text in the document is as follows:

FLIGHT 2-D, 46024 A.T.S. 

SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE REPORTS

1. A check was made with the following Air Bases for aircraft in the air at the time of sightings and reports of unusual occurrences with negative results:

a. Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma
b. Vance Air Force Base, Oklahoma
c. Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma
d. Vance Air Force Base, Oklahoma

2. A check was made with the Carswell Flight Service Center, Fort Worth, Texas for any aircraft in the air at the time of sightings and reports of unusual occurrences.

3. The following Civil Airports were contacted for aircraft in the air at the time of sightings and for reports of any unusual occurrences with negative results:

a. Will Rogers Airport, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
b. Woodring Airport, Enid, Oklahoma
c. Chickasha Airport, Chickasha, Oklahoma
d. Lawton Airport, Lawton, Oklahoma

4. The 745th ACAW Squadron, Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma, was contacted and indicated that there were no flights made by this squadron during the sighting period with negative results. However, a flight scheduled to fly a sortie was cancelled during the period.

5. The CAA Radar Approach Control Unit located at Tinker APB was contacted for possible radar checks or sightings, with negative results.

6. The astronomer in charge of the observatory, University of Oklahoma, Norman, Oklahoma, was contacted with negative results.

7. A number of individuals operating private telescopes in the Oklahoma City area were contacted with negative results.

8. The astronomer, Oklahoma City University, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, was contacted with negative results.

9. The University of Tulsa Science Department, Tulsa, Oklahoma, was contacted with negative results.

10. The Oklahoma State Weather Service was contacted and indicated that one weather balloon was released at 6:30 p.m., 5 May 1956 and at 2:00 a.m.

11. The Tinker Air Force Base Weather Service was contacted and indicated that no weather balloons were released during the period in question. The sighting took place at approximately 6:40 p.m. Visual sightings in the western sky at 2,200 CST radar reports indicated numerous targets of unknown origin. Two blips observed were approximately 18 to 20 miles southwest of Tinker AFB and received during the sighting period from a point approximately 30 miles west of Tinker AFB. No unusual weather conditions were reported during the sighting.