The image does not contain any photographs. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT NO. 16-U-103-56 
A55-IN-173-56 PAGE 9 OF 14 PAGES

SUBJECT'S STATEMENT

Monday 16 Jul 56:
I was awakened at 1:45 a.m. by the barking of my dogs. Looking out the bedroom window I saw a bright light in the distance which appeared to be an aircraft. The dogs continued barking towards the phone pole across the street, about thirty feet away. I went to the door to see what the dogs were barking at. I saw an elongated object which I thought was an aircraft but it was completely silent. The object moved slowly towards the northeast and the dogs continued barking until it disappeared. The first sound above or other than the dogs barking was that of the object. The silence was eerie, the only sounds being the barking of the dogs. It was difficult to gauge the size of the object as there were no reference points except the trees. A slow pulsating or blinking light appeared to be on the object. I went to call the sheriff to report the incident but when I returned the object had disappeared. The dogs became quiet.

The call seemed to be quite about 8 to 10 inches above the ground, never completely rising except when it moved off to the northeast. It was at this time that I heard what sounded like a faint humming noise, which seemed to be coming from the object. I concluded this to be a tape recorded voice. We are from what you call "okie" a little town. I have heard of flying saucers before but this is the first time I have seen one. All three dogs barked into the vehicle and then became quiet. The silence was even more eerie when the craft disappeared.

It was about 15 to 20 minutes that I observed the object before it disappeared. 

It was a cool night when it arrived. When I went back to work I of course I had convinced myself it was some sort of aircraft and thought no more about it. But on arriving home from work, my wife told me that she had seen the same thing that evening while I was at work. She had been outside and when she saw the object, which appeared to be the same size as the one I had seen, it just took off at a tremendous speed and disappeared. She said it lit up the whole yard. I could not believe what had happened.

UNCLASSIFIED