The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a classified Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated February 7, 1956.

Text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Report No: 51-UP(01)-56 
Part: THREE
PAGE: 15

Flight 3-R, 46054 A 123

7. Charge with air Traffic Control Center at Washington National Airport (GHJ 8656) for information which might serve to confirm the sighting yielded negative results.
8. - Call was placed to the US Naval Observatory in Washington, D.C. (GHJ 8656) for some information as to whether a meteorological balloon had been released in this area at the reported time, but the Observatory was closed and Professor Pickering, who lives in the neighborhood, was frequently seen to sparkle almost as a diamond in the sky. This phenomenon was of unusual brilliance and duration, and its appearance and disappearance was gradual. The lights then became fuzzy, turned red, and then dim, appearing to fade away. There were no sounds or explosions. This information is considered to be the first sighting of this nature. The color of the light varied from brilliant white with a tinge of blue and green to a dull reddish-orange. The change in color seemed to be related to the distance, brightness and length of time the object was observed.
9.  - As a result of these inquiries, no corroborating evidence could be obtained to confirm the sighting. The object was described as a very bright light which seemed to be reflecting a variety of colors - from bright blue and brilliant white to dull reddish-orange. Its brightness varied from very brilliant to fairly dim. Some of the most significant points in the observation are:
a. It was observed between the hours of 1800 and 1900 by several persons.
b. The object appeared and disappeared gradually.
c. The color changed from white, to blue and green, to reddish-orange.
d. There were no sounds or explosions associated with the sighting.
e. The reported phenomenon had the appearance of a metallic, or reflecting object in the sky.
f. The observers were apparently intelligent and reliable persons.

SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: The professor's opinion is that the telescope has undoubtedly had been out of focus, which could account for the brilliant, variously colored light reported.