The document contains a photograph. 

Extracting text via OCR:

```
U. S. NAVAL AMMUNITION DEPOT
CRANE, INDIANA

AM Form AV ; TS.7 . /fiEPfY REFER TO:
                            AS (P) -ADE: wm
                               Ser 8559
DATE:TlME GROUP h1 Joygmj, 26-Q.A~
                            29 November 1956
                              Crane, Indiana

From: Commanding Officer, U. S. Naval Ammunition Depot, Crane, Indiana
To: Commanding Officer, Bakalar Air Force Base, Columbus, Indiana

Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects, report of investigation of

Ref: (a) OPNAV P34D INET 3620,14 did 2 Feb 1956

1. Subject report has been complied in accordance with reference (a).

2. On the night of 27 October 1956, six persons reported seeing an 
unidentified flying object from Crane Village, which is located on the
western edge of the Depot, and one person reported seeing such an object 
from the Administration Building, which is located in the center of the 
Depot. Upon subsequent investigation one other person reported that he 
had on the night of 27 October seen from Crane Village an object whose 
location and description matched that given by the other witnesses, which 
object he had considered to be a star and had not reported.

3. One of the Crane Village witnesses upon being questioned, related that 
the object was seen to the northwest at an elevation of 300 or a little 
less; that it was impossible to estimate the distance or height or size 
of the object; that it was a luminous object which changed colors like a 
prism, exhibits primary colors; that it did not give off a steady light, 
but glittered or twinkled; that it was small enough to be a star, and was 
not seen to move around; that it was only sighted by this witness one time, 
and disappeared when he looked for it later. This witness said that he had 
seen stars or celestial bodies behave this way under frosty atmospheric 
conditions. He said that the colors seen were red, blue, and yellow, and 
that the object did not move about any more than normal for a celestial body, 
This witness volunteered the opinion that the object was a star or a celestial body.

4. The name of the witness mentioned in paragraph 3 is
                          . He is employed as a police geek in the Securigepartment 
of NAD Crane.

5. Five Crane Village witnesses stated that they saw an object in the 
eastern sky at approximately 2000 on 27 October which was blinking and 
slightly changing in color.
```