There is no photograph present in the provided document. 

and himself tried to get in touch with Captain Ryan to obtain information to support the charge. Receiving no answer to letters or telephone calls, Major Keyhoe then gave his story to certain government agencies. Using as "evidence" a newspaper account [1] and extrapolations of Captain Ryan's remarks in a TV interview, this civilian investigator had constructed a version of the incident so fantastic that it is scarcely recognizable as the same event. It is scarcely necessary to point out that the captain, on orders from Griffiss Air Force Base, had abandoned his scheduled route to chase the unknown craft, and had lost it somewhere over Lake Ontario, had then turned back and landed at Syracuse far behind his scheduled arrival and, finally, that his flight log had been falsified to conceal the facts of this pursuit [S. pp. 107-84].
The original question, the identity of an unknown object, was all that the letters, telephone and telegraph calls to various and sundry officials of American Airlines, Congress, the Air Force, the Civil Aeronautics Board, and the Civil Aviation Authority, NICAP requested an official investigation of the "cover-up." The first requests evoked no response but repeated prodding finally paid off. After hints of publicity and of possible senatorial interest, the beleaguered agencies at last yielded to NICAP pressure and reopened the case.
Captain Ryan, a reliable officer with twenty-three years' experience as a pilot, was subjected to official interrogation. Busy government bureaus were forced to invest further time, money, and energy to confirm facts that had never been in doubt.
"To the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA)," the captain stated, with the concurrence of his first officer: "I did not deviate from course at any time. I did sight an object and it was witnessed." 
The Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB) reported: "Captain Ryan stated most emphatically that he did not deviate from his prescribed course, nor was he requested to do so. Scheduled time for American Airlines Flight 275 (the one involved in this incident) between Albany and Syracuse is 48 minutes; elapsed log time for that flight on April 8, 1956, was 49 minutes. Since it is obvious that this scheduled running time would not have permitted any substantial deviation from course, as reported by the Buffalo Evening News on April 20, 1956, and since safety does not appear to have [been] derogated, further investigation into the matter by the Board is not considered warranted."
A vice-president of American Airlines stated that "... Captain Ryan states unequivocally that he did sight an object. He also states unequivocally that he did not chase it. His flight time between Syracuse and Albany confirms that statement."
No statements could be more explicit. Saucer lobbyists, however, merely seized them as material for constructing a more elaborate fantasy. They then tried to persuade the public that these "admissions" were worthless. They merely proved that Captain Ryan had given false answers to his government agencies involved. They claimed the answers were false; and that a gigantic conspiracy existed to suppress the truth and support an "elaborate deception." [S. p. 185]
Among those supposed to be joined in the conspiracy were the American Airlines Company, the Civil Aeronautics Board, the Civil Aviation Agency, the United States Air Force, and possibly even the Central Intelligence agency and the National Security Council. Saucer publications still list this sighting of Venus as an "Unknown."