There is no photograph present on the page.

OCR text output:

---
Mrs.

                    COUNSELLOR AT LAW
                    H STREET
                    BROOKLYN, N.Y.  

Mr. Wallace W. Elwood
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio.

                                        Dec. 27, 1955

Dear Mr. Elwood:

    Thank you for your letter of December 4th. In answer to mine of November 20th, stating that on September 6th, around three o'clock in the afternoon while flying high between Coos Bay and Portland, Oregon, I caught a Brownie snapshot of what I believed to be an outer space ship since it perfectly answers the description of the cigar or submarine shaped ship known to have been seen by others in that general location from time to time. I sent you a print of it at the time.
    
    You did not answer my question as to whether our government had any of its ships in the air on that date and about that hour.

    As for filling out all the data you sent me or answering your questions about the air craft speed, direction of heading, bearing, weather conditions aloft, flight or aircraft number, pilot's name etc. etc. or whether any other passengers observed the object, that is quite impossible as I was unaware of having caught it on my film at the time (I did not see the craft itself) and only found it only when the film was developed. Those who developed it for me were convinced that it was in the film and not an imperfection of either the film or something on the window of the plane. You see I took several other exposures at the time within minutes of each other, in an effort to catch some of the ground patterns but this one only was the ship apparent. So I figure that it must have been passing rapidly at the moment I snapped the shutter. With a magnifying glass you can see the tiny white windows.
    
    Unfortunately I cannot send you the film as it has been temporarily misplaced. Did you ever put something special away in such a good place that even you could not find it? I'm sure it will eventually turn up.
    
    I would still like an answer to my question of whether our government had anything of this description in the air at that time and location.
    
    The holidays interfered with a more prompt reply on my part for which I ask your indulgence.
    
                                        Very truly yours,


