There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

Dear sir:
I have written that I haven't written you before now. I'll try to be as complete as I can concerning the lapse of time, however, and perhaps the details will explain something of the delay.

I cannot fix the exact date - perhaps it could be made on the basis of a Saturday night - that is Sunday morning of the month of June of early to mid-June of 1955. 

A specialist 2rd class at the time. Army. I had been dating a girl in Staunton, virginia, and would hitchhike or take a bus there every chance I could. I had a car which was fairly often as our free time at the post was pretty much only on week-ends. On this particular night - having arrived with no money whatsoever in my pockets - except now on my bicycle (some color film and camera equipment - my hobby) a little too late to visit the girl - but with hopes of seeing her the next night - I had hitched a ride with a buddy who lived in Ruckersville (which I did many things on a shoe-string while I was in the army - most of that night I just wandered up and down the various roads in and around Ruckersville - ending up on the road leading out to the girl's house.

The object was first is it from it did not house - until (as I was understand) it was identified as an old-folks home occupied until as I understand it was condemned - this seem to be a solitary light - I noticed a single light glowing somewhere too large to be from a smaller bulb - my car wasn't in use - it was on such an angle that I wondered at this, because section of three roads - (one main road curving and a newer side road) and as I turned onto the side road, I noticed that the hill was obscuring two or three other such lights - at that I had to come to a complete stop, wanting if anything really quite unexplainable had happened at the place - then the light rose a little with a slight swaying motion - and was soon completely obscured from view by an extremely heavy overcast completely covering the sky.

I waited as bright as a flare would be and glowing with a steady white flow looking to either side in hopes of seeing anything that might be attached to the lights. I did not determine some sort of detached from the light - and it didn't mean much, however, since the night was clear, but cloudy - and the lights seemed to contrast quite sharply outlined - black was the obscuring cloud cover. If continuing, chances were - and the low exposure of the color film I that it would be too much time attempting to get it up in the darkness - in all, it I remember there were a certain number on the road (two story a near the entrance foothold) I wondered whether they were some on the ground – (but they assuring they were at this distance) were some presumably did to the tree - but they (assuring they were at the distance) were much to some to form far from rating. 

The highest light seemed a little above one of the others - until I contacted the tree, because the lights seemed to glow infront of what I