The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

The text in the document is as follows:

The UFO was so high that it flared in the sunlight. Long-star-like, it was in sight for about 30 seconds and then it was gone. From about 5 to 6 miles in the southeast sky, the UFO was described as being about 1,000 feet and it was far above them. After seeing it, they claim to have told the Weather Bureau, the Air Force takes at Carswell Base and Perrin Field, and were told that they do not have any information on the UFO-incident. It was gone on the morning of April 5.

So much for that. Now another:

On April 6, two days after the above-mentioned UFO was seen, the same persons were driving five miles east of McKinney in this city, and in companion, when suddenly they saw a large white glowing object. It was too bright to look at directly. They stopped the car and the UFO took off at a terrific speed and disappeared. They remembered a ball-like trail it left behind.

Another: On the night of April 15, nine days after the UFO was sighted over the city, it was seen again looked at through binoculars. It appeared to be hovering over Sterling to the north. I at first took them to be jets, but by the time I realized they were not airplanes but they had already passed from my view. I could not ascertain how far away they were, but I said nothing, save to ask about strange lights over the city at the time and date mentioned before. I shined a light toward him, without leading him to believe I had seen them. Just what they looked like when I saw them, I cannot describe, for they were passing like meteors and their traveling speed was tremendous. He could hear - with the UFO - which originated on. So could estimate their size to be not over two minutes of arc in viewing them from below. They traveled over an estimated two minutes and were gone from below. said they were also about 40 degrees in the estimated two minutes and three degrees of azimuth, or a total of about 60 degrees. I only saw them briefly.

In addition to all this, I would like to state that I am no player in flying saucers, but am submitting this for what it may concern in view of the date you already have on hand concerning UFOs.

Yours sincerely,
Captain U.S.Army, Retd.