The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a declassified Air Force Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

OUTPUT TEXT:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. 10-U-101-59
from: Osu-AISS                                                          ASGS-USAFM-19-56
11 june 1952                                                             PAGE 2
A: Communiczated with each other telepathically by placing their hand on another's shoulder and merely looking at him. Following is a series of questions which were asked and the answers he received:
Q: "How far away are you?"
A: "700 miles."
Q: "How did you travel that far so quickly?"
A: "That does this guide craft use for power?"
A: "The sun's rays - that is the Universe's power."
A: "His divine powers provides the challange using the trav ling pin."
Q: "What does this guide craft look like?"
A: "This pin is invisible to you. It uses the atmosphere to travel pin it has no engine."
Q: "How old are you?"
A: "500 years old; we have conquered disease."
Q: "Do you eat?"
A: "No, such more advanced are we compared to earth."
Q: "Do you know of Einstein?"
A: "Yes, this Einstein's theory is that space is received."
Q: "Venus has a one government, there has been no war for 15,000 years." 
A: "Was it history you read that makes you speak so?"
Q: "Any from Russia?"
A: "No, his evil government, your country has an evil government too."  
DOCTOR noticed that one of the view screens on the wall had a constant record showing a planet in the process of being denuded as though stripped. The planet was being pulled apart bit by bit, apparently with some immensely powerful explosive force that seemed to be directed without the use of physical equipment. "It was fifteen hundred (1,500) earth years to construct. it was broken up in a moment."

More than 5 inches:
5 inches: Sketch of Split Trees
4 inches: Sketch of Master Control Room 
3 inches: Sketch of Apparatus Adjustment

UNCLASSIFIED