The image does not contain any photograph, it is a page of a text document.

The following is the text extracted from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED SECURITY INFORMATION

SUPPLEMENT TO A FORM 112

FROM OSLO COUNTRY NORWAY
INFO:R 136-56
RECDC: 2

AIR INTELLO DIV Hq USAF relcase from Norwegian newspaper VERDENS GANG date 26 May 1956.

EARLY SATELLITE OBSERVATION

The following is reported from Tromsø by private cable on 26 May 56.

The crew on board a Peosay ship has related to the newspaper "Nordlys" a fantastic phenomenon which they witnessed on the Russian coast between Murmansk and Teriberka. In the Sea of Barents, a few days ago, we an sailboat that came about one quarter of an hour they observed a so-called flying saucer. It appeared quite suddenly over the ship. The saucer whirls about in such a way that it sometimes stretched one mile and then disappeared behind a mass of shore ice. The object was 2 light down to one thousand meters and all binoculars on board was in use.

"There is a hole in the sky" shouted the 1st officer when he spotted the curious object. The saucer was then completely stationary and the crew rushed up on deck to see the phenomenon. All of a sudden the saucer took up speed, shot like a streak of lightning across the sky and vanished. A moment later, however, it reappeared. Ascended in a straight line so that the sea was able to see clearly the round little UFO just like a cloud. The saucer remained still for a while, high up in the one, but then descended once more, and remained in attitude of about one thousand meters once more. Finally it worked up speed once more and disappeared across the shore line.

There is no doubt whatsoever among the ship's crew that it has a flying saucer they saw. The object for a short time stayed so close to the ship that a photo photograph had to be taken but that brought thought had only dawned upon them. The crew skip the camera on board but in the head of the excitement no one thought of using that until it was too late.

To us it was a real aircraft, says Martti to the newspaper "Nordlys". "But in all probability unknown type. It is estimated the to be about twice the size of an average commercial airliner. It moved a speed so great that it actually shot like a streak of lightning through the air."

A whole fleet of foreign trawlers were fishing in this area where the object was in training. The weather was fine with bright sunshine and almost calm sea. It was clear atmosphere up to an altitude of 9000 meters so it is beyond all doubt that the man on the trawlers have seen the same thing we did.

OPINION OF PREPARING OFFICER: The Norwegian Intelligence Service has been approached concerning this observation and has no additional information to evaluate the authenticity of this report. However, they have assured the reporting officer that they will conduct an investigation in the normal which if significant will be forwarded.

Maj USAF, Asst Air Attache
---
(The actual document appears to have some parts of the text slightly cut off, blurry, or poorly legible; therefore the reconstruction may not be perfectly accurate in some areas.)
