There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. This appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report containing text only.

Transcription of the text in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Feb. 2-8, A.6627.A123 30-Mar-2-55 Par 6 Gk 
I. SOURCE:
Address: 752nd ACAT Squadron, Empire AF Station, MICHIGAN 
Age: 36 years
Occupation: Civilian Technical Representative
Education: College Graduate
Reliability: Considered reliable by all concerned as a technical representative.

II. RELIABILITY: SOURCE is considered to be of a high order - one who has a conscientious and sincere interest in unusual aerial phenomena. He is considered as one of the best, most intelligent and unbiased observers in this particular area.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: "On the evening of February 7, 1956, at approximately 7:55 p.m. EST, I observed an unidentified object or phenomenon in the sky over Lake Leelanau near the Village of Leland, Michigan.
"The object was first sighted as a bright light, similar to a star, in the western sky. As I observed it, the object seemed to increase in size and intensity. It was definitely larger and brighter than a commercial aircraft landing light would appear at a distance. The object was stationary and remained so for the duration of the observation, which was approximately 10 minutes.
"At times, however, it seemed to go out (blink off) and then reappear. During these apparent 'blinking' periods, the object seemed to split into two or three separate and distinct lights. The color of the light was white, with a slight bluish tinge. It did not seem to pulsate or change color. The night was clear and the visibility excellent.
"It was an unusual sight and seemed to be hovering or suspending itself in the air. I had a good view of it, as it was directly overhead. I feel that I can describe it accurately, as I have observed many aircraft of all types, both military and commercial, during my five years' experience as a civilian technical representative."