No Case (Information Only)

29 June – July 30 1956
Yonkers, New York

Case 166, Yonkers, N.Y. June 29, 30, July 3, 1956—The Herald-Statesman of Yonkers, July 3 said: "Skywatchers report thrilling post-midnight sight. . . . It is of orange color, more nearly red. To one with a 30-power telescope, it appears round, then oval. It was moving at what seemed to be considerable speed. One report is that the phenomenon was noted after 1 a.m. on Saturday. Another report tells of the orange-in-the-sky around the same hour or a little later just ahead of the rainstorm. . . ." While the remainder of the newspaper's item gibbered in ridicule, a letter received from [redacted] of Yonkers, describes his observations in more detail. Said Wiegers:

". . . I phoned the Herald-Statesman and spoke to Oxie Reichler, editor, regarding my sighting on June 29-30. He asked, 'Are you talking about the orange colored thing seen in the sky over Yonkers?' I told that I didn't know anyone else saw anything and not to use my name if he were to write a story. Replied Reichler, 'We got a report that a red ball was seen before 2 a.m. only this morning (July 3). There were others, too. . . .' Then described his sighting of June 29 as follows: '2:45 p.m., clear evening, no wind. My wife pointed to a round, reddish-orange light to the left of the moon and slightly above it. Through a 30-power telescope it appeared well defined in outline to the naked eye and emitted no sound. A moment before I had been observing Saturn with my 60×90 mm. Bausch & Lomb Halscope and turned when my wife said, 'Look at that peculiar light.' Quickly swinging the scope around, I first looked with naked eye and saw it standing still and silent. Then sighting it in the scope, it appeared orange of a flashing brilliance. Suddenly, it began to move north and I soon found it extremely hard to keep in vision due to its accelerating speed. I tracked it for about 11 seconds, then lost it from view due to a building in the way.'

"On June 30, I was alone on the back porch about 10:30 p.m. and saw another object coming from the south. It was going directly overhead. My scope was not properly focused for this object but I got it in view and observed it for some time. It went by very rapidly and silently. I confess I was unprepared, and cannot say what it was—but I am sure the previous night's UFO was the same type reported by [redacted]"