The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

OCR text output:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. ID-UFOB-2-56
CASE NO. AF-57-573-1
Part One

From thinking about the incident. ... By 19 July 1956, SOURCE had almost convinced himself that his imagination was playing tricks on him. He, at approximately 1430 hours, had sighted an object in the sky which he described as being approximately 12 inches over the rear of his house. SOURCE immediately alerted his neighbor and they both observed the object which was a bright silver color, oval in shape, and appeared to be hovering. The object then made a quick, swiftly rising, vertical ascent and disappeared. SOURCE then called the police to inquire if they had received any other reports on the sighting, but the police stated they had received no other calls.
The object was reportedly sighted by two other persons who were in the area at the time, but SOURCE has been unable to establish contact with them to verify their observations. SOURCE refused to be interviewed and gave no address. The article published the next day 20 July 1956 in the local newspaper reported the SOURCE as a "VALLEYITE" (resident of the San Fernando Valley).
For a further aerial activity the incident, the article states that on 29 July 1956, OURCE received a telephone call from an unidentified person who claimed to have witnessed the sighting on 19 July 1956. The anonymous caller mentioned that on the day of the sighting, he had been in the area and had observed the object at approximately the same time as SOURCE. The caller stated that he was in a private plane at the time and saw the object very close.  He told OURCE that the object made a swift vertical ascent and had disappeared from view. SOURCE was unable to obtain any further information from the caller, as he refused to identify himself.
SOURCE experienced an extreme hunger sensation which caused him to fill up on food, although SOURCE stated he was not hungry at the time. SOURCE believes this sensation was a psychological reaction to the incident.

UNCLASSIFIED