[stamp: UNCLASSIFIED (CLASSIFICATION)]

AF FORM 112--PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Agency):
USAIRA, New Delhi, India

REPORT NO.:
IB-297-56

PAGE 2 OF 2 PAGES

CANADIAN BAPTIST MISSION
Vuyyuru, Kistna Dist.
Andhra State, India

Secretary
REV [redacted], B.A., B.D.

27 April 1956

[redacted signature/name]

Dear Taylor,-

I have been my first flying saucer to-night, only it was more like flying cigars. Being of a perfectly sober and sound mind I write before you the facts, which were witnessed by at least fifty to sixty people sitting with me. Date, - 27 April 56, Place, - Vuyyuru Krishna, time 2031 hours. I had arranged my projectors to give an outside showing of color pictures. While sitting waiting for small adjustments to be made, I raised my eyes and saw coming down from the north at a height of perhaps 3,500 feet a rather hazy luminous form which seemed like three la large cigars travelling in formation. The formation was coming due south and came down to about 2,500 feet, and just before it got to where we were sitting it wheeled in a rather sharp arc, still losing height and turned to 25 direction. On the actual turn, instead of three cigar shapes, there appeared five, the two additional being as if to the sides. The general formation was triangular, although one would shoot ahead of the other momentarily, and then fall back again into formational flying. The formation took 22 seconds, - by count rather than stop-watch - to pass over and was absolutely silent. No noise of any kind was heard. Then the formation simply disappeared. Speed might be estimated at perhaps 200 MPH. The flight did not simulate jet formations, in speed, although there was a slightly luminous tail following each of the forms. In a sense they reminded me of the luminous appearance of dolphins at play in the Red Sea, only instead of looking down, we had to look up.

No attempt is made to diagnose what appeared, the facts as recorded by me immediately after the appearance are herewith written down. Interpre­tations, I leave to the more enlightened, or those with bigger and better imaginations.

Yours Sincerely,

/s/ [redacted]

Additional data:
Atmosphere - slightly hazy
Barometer - (aneroid) 29.78"
Temperature - 86.5 deg. F
Sound - Silent as death
Radio - Reception almost completely blacked out except local and Radio Ceylon plus a Russian Station