This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated March 7, 1956, regarding a sighting of an unidentified flying object near Watertown, New York.

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
       29-UPON-3-56                                        Part Five
                                                                page 4 of 4

COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER:
1. Preparing Officer concludes that this sighting was probably caused by the nature/location of the following reasons:

a. All observers sighted object in the western sky, no higher than 20 degrees above horizon, and for a duration of approximately 30 minutes. The object was observed to change direction early in the evening. (See Part Four, par. 4)

b. All observers viewed object through glass and did not go outside to see it a better view of object would help to identify it.

c. Three observers stated that object would be appear and disappear at times. If it was a balloon type object, the clouds and wind would account for this type of motion.

d. Each observer was either vague or contradicted the other in their observation as to details such as color, size etc.

e. Radar paintings of object were negative as attempted by the 662nd AC&W Squadron. (See Part Five, par. 1)

f. A check with CAA Routing and Control Station at Watertown Airport revealed no other unusual phenomena were observed at the time of sighting. (See Part Four, par. 3)

g. Weather conditions as described [weather text obscured] 20,000 foot ceiling, clouds broken, with visibility of fifteen miles plus. (See Part Three)

h. Time of observation as stated byOURCES, ranged from ten minutes to thirty minutes. All observers were certain of their observations.

JAMES R. DARTON
2nd Lt., USAF
Asst. Officer in Charge

COMMENTS OF APPROVING OFFICER:
It is the opinion of this Headquarters that items 1 through 10 above, and the descriptions of the object definitely indicate that this sighting was a misinterpretation of the planet Venus.