The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS REPORT (UFOB)
FROM: 656TH ACAW Squadron, Saratoga Springs, N.Y. DATE/TIME: 09/23/52
(1) Description of the object(s):
(a) Shape: Circular, pulsating, and of a known object - (METEOROLOGICAL)
(b) Size: Approx. 20-25 feet in diameter
(c) Number: 1
(d) Duration: 1 to 2 minutes then disappeared
(e) Any discernible features or details: None visible to the observers
(f) Other pertinent information: High altitude, size of full moon, pulsating light source of the object appeared to alter in size
(2) Description of course of object(s):
(a) What first called the attention of the observer to the object(s): Brightness of object caught their attention.
(b) Angle of elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed: Approx 45 degrees elevation, azimuth 225 degrees
(c) Angle of elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when last observed: Disappeared from view, angle of elevation and azimuth unknown
(d) Description of the object(s) path: Vertical flight, hovered momentarily, then disappeared
(e) Manner of disappearance: Suddenly disappeared from view
(f) Length of time in sight: 1 to 2 minutes
(3) Manner of Observation:
(a) Ground-to-ground-ground-aircraft: Ground visual, aided by electronics. (If electronics, specify type used.) Ground visual
(b) Statement of optical data (telescope, binoculars, etc.) and description thereof: None used
(c) Anything unusual or significant about the observation: None
(4) Time and Date of Sighting:
(a) Zulu time and date group of sighting: 09/23/52
(b) Local civil time and date: 9:00 P.M. EST
(5) Location of Observer: Exact location and latitude and longitude of observer(s) or course and position, (if aircraft) or location with reference to landmark: JICR 1946, 3.2 miles west of Schenectady Field, N.Y.
(6) Identifying information of all observer(s): - redacted -