There is no photograph present on this page.

All the text found in the document:

```
1.5 December 1.950 

Dear Mr. Munsick: 

This is to acknowledge your letter of 12 December 1950 concerning 
unidentified flying objects. 

The hoax photograph on page 143 of my book entitled FLYING SAUCERS 
AND TIE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE was provided us by the Aerospace 
Technical Intelligence Center as an example of a photograph hoax avail- 
able for publication and, In line with Air Force policy, no names were 
used in connection with this photograph. The original photograph or 
negative was, of course, returned to the original owner. 

Air Force records indicate that you did submit on 23 lay 1959 the 
UFO photograph taken by Hill  * Dad . Danville, New Jersey. The 
records also show additional correspondence fro:; you on 12 June 1959 
and a letter from this office to you on 2 July 1959 as well as an 
indication that in a subsequent telephone conversation with you the 
negative of this photograph was requested for completion or the eval- 
uation. This negative has never been received. Analysis and evalua- 
tion of the photographs submitted indicate that there appear to be 
real images on the picture; however, the negative of the picture is 
needed for further analysis. 

It is customary to return photographs to the owner when requested 
or upon completion of an analysis or evaluation unless the owner indi- 
cates that the negative is in his possession and he can, therefore, 
have prints made at any time. I regret any delay occasioned by our 
failure to follow up on this matter and suggest that you submit as soon 
as possible the negative with an identifying letter or transmittal to 
ATIC for completion of the analysis. 

You refer to several other cases where prints have not been returned 
to the owners. I am sure in these$farticular instances the owner retained 
the negatives or indicated to the Air Force or ATIC that they could re- 
tain possession of the pri rjf. If this is not the case, I would appreciate 
knowing of the specific instances involved and we will make every endeavor 
to return such prints if they are wanted by the original owners. 

J Comeback OI-34 
Reeder 01-1 
```

