The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of UFO reports. The text in the document is as follows:

AF FORM 112—PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FLT 3-6, 46024 ATIS9
I. SOURCE: WILLIAM H. FREELAND, 2/Lt., USAF
Occupation: Radar Observer (F-89 Aircraft)
Organization: 445th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Wurtsmith Air Force Base, Oscoda, Michigan
Age: 21 years
Education: 2 Years College
Qualifications: Radar Observer Training

II. RELIABILITY: SOURCE is quite sure of himself in his ability to observe. He stated that USDC was only called in by SPINTRAN and planned to transfer the radar contact to the Air Force. SOURCE is married.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF RADAR CONTACT: *Upon returning from a patrol mission, the pilot, who is also a qualified radar observer, stated that approximately 200 degrees, 10 miles, the radar picked up a target closing in at a high rate of speed. The pilot tried to obtain a positive identification and came within 1/2 mile of the target, which was maintaining an altitude of 17,000 feet. The pilot stated that the target was much larger than the average jet aircraft and appeared to be traveling at an estimated speed of 600-700 knots. The target was observed and locked on by radar for approximately 2 minutes and 45 seconds before it faded from the scope. Two further passes were made in an attempt to reacquire the target, but it could not be picked up again. The pilot stated that he had in his experience never seen anything like this target before, either in size, speed, or maneuverability. When the pilot attempted to close on the target, it appeared to accelerate suddenly and pull away from his aircraft. The pilot said that it moved eratically at times, making sharp turns and sudden accelerations. The target was observed to be solid, not blinking lights or unusual phenomena. The pilot stated that he could not maintain contact with the target, which seemed to disappear rather than fly out of range. When the target faded from the radar scope, the pilot returned to the field and landed at approximately 1715 EST (1005Z).