The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather the front page of a document titled "ORBIT" published by the C.R.I.F.O. (Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects) organization on November 5, 1956. The document discusses "SIGHTINGS, SILENCE AND THE STATUS QUO" and provides information related to unidentified flying objects.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

C. R. I. F. O.
ORBIT
VOL. III - NO. 8
NOVEMBER 5, 1956
SIGHTINGS, SILENCE AND THE STATUS QUO
Reports received from various parts of the country indicate that sightings of unidentified flying objects and aerial phenomena have continued at a relatively high rate during the past two months. Most of these are of the usual "lights in the sky" variety, although a few involve more spectacular occurrences. However, the silence of the press, the Air Force, and the permanent "authorities" on the subject is almost deafening. Apparently, they hope that by ignoring the subject it will "go away" and cease to trouble the public. But this policy of silence, in the face of mounting public interest and concern, can hardly be considered wise or justified. 
From time to time, reports of unusual sightings with photographic evidence are brought to light, but for some reason or other these are usually suppressed or "explained away" in a rather unconvincing manner. For example, the recent sightings over Washington, D.C., which provoked a massive air Force investigation, were finally dismissed as the result of "temperature inversions" causing radar reflections. This explanation fails to convince the many reputable witnesses who reported seeing the actual craft, some at close range.
As the number of sightings continues to mount, and the observations become more detailed and specific, it becomes increasingly difficult to continue the policy of either ignoring or "explaining away" the phenomenon. More and more people are demanding a frank and honest appraisal of the situation. And, in the meantime, the secrecy and silence of the authorities merely serves to heighten public speculation and concern.
Somewhere in the mass of reports and data which have accumulated over the years, there must surely be enough solid information to draw some tentative conclusions. The refusal of the "powers that be" to analyze and evaluate this data in an objective manner can only lead to an erosion of public confidence. The time has come when a more positive and enlightened policy of investigation and public education on this subject is urgently needed.