The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of UFO reports. The document is an "Air Intelligence Information Report" dated July 30, 1956, and details a reported sighting of an unidentified flying object in Van Nuys, California.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
7.13.1-1-0, 4/502A 188
INCL #5 (Cont'd)
Monday, 30 Jul 56:
I came home at approximately 11:14, fixed my radio, and went into the house to watch TV. After a few minutes, the phone rang and it was a friend of mine, he told me to go outside and take a look at the sky. Judgment told me not to but nevertheless I went over to the thing. The warmth and the appearance of the people shining which can explain why I started out. This is the incredible part of my story which Im sure will make you hard for believing me - But, being of a hopeful spirit, my experience will be proven without a doubt.
As I went out of the door I looked up and a strange craft which I noticed was hovering about 15 to 25 feet above the roof of the house next door. My heart felt like it was going to jump out of my mouth and sweat actually pouring from under my arms. The craft seemed to be transparent but an indirect and subdued but yet a dark coloration was noticeable such as a reflection of the the atoms of the metal surface. For a few seconds I would judge for we were able to view the outline of the craft clearly. It kept slightly maneuvering up and down as well as from side to side in a matter of 50 seconds - rapid movements about 15 to 25 seconds, the rest of the time it would just hover. A school bus was passing at the time and I noticed it also stopped for a few seconds to view the strange craft. After the craft had maneuvered for about a minute, it suddenly disappeared as quickly as it appeared, leaving no trace. The possibility of falling through the thing as it was so clean. I felt slightly nervous for the rest of the day, although I was able to carry on with my daily routine as usual.

UNCLASSIFIED