The document contains a single photograph in the lower right corner. It appears to show a partial image of a front yard, including parts of trees and possibly some buildings or structures. The photograph is black and white and occupies a small section of the document.

Here is the OCR-generated text from the document:

```
10 21- 4q 13th Dist UNCLASSIFIED. Flying Object Bube = Report of Unidentifted 
boarding out 255 poe 675 on 0 poe Street, Work, California, on 19 Letosheted 1956 or 2 November 1956 
concerned. Eniargments were made by her instractor of her instructor end her father, mutiles the FBI, San 
Secimii 5.

6. The negata in g wnetion was obtained from Jose ad is attached. The contaot print described abovo and tinee enlargments of the unidentifled flying ob gject are attached 

7. Upon volumaloa of the interview and In the presence of her mother, M ili s lec uted a signed, sworn stament, orcapitulated below: in a pholog c 22 High Echool. The instrCtor, es  saine d project Involving a thne exponure of the moon and stars ellow wt hs s to cbscrve the pattern they make on film. Miss aposed a film for about 10 or 20 minutes on the neht of the full moon, ether October made 1956. Camera was placed on ground Ir yard of herraref ter Bostonia, in such a manner to Include a ppe prtegs Other r Iere the heap of th moon, candels, oter, that was also part or the project
The original of the staement Is retalned in the files of fieadquaters DC F

8. On 10 June 1957, S12 CRRTIM examined a front vard of the church and no vires. Lights fixtures, or any other objects was observer ther than the church bullding itself, and the the Trees that are visible in the lower rift hand corner of the photograph. These trees are approktintely 10 feet in hehght and approximately 20 feet southoact of the spot on which the camera was placed
9. On 10 june 1957, art and photography instructer at Caljon Valley High School, interviewed In his office by SA CRTIN, advised that hs Is familiar with the photograph and admitted tha even though he is Quitte Skeptic about flying saucers his examination of Miss negative failed, In his opinion, to reveal ary indicstion of double exposure or alteration
stated that Miss deleitely is not the type of person request, & above reproach at to charactar and INtegrity. stated nat he is not av expert in the fleld of phy
and although tho object in quackio resembles an e c trick light 
xture, he cold oftar 30 explanation as to how the obj y 
have appearedd in tho films of the camera, nor how it cold have been 
y blared there unknown to Miss . He attributes the lapsing time stating object aud developing and printing to n e ntb oary for unish.
DOO-SIIRTAOOIOETOTCTERont UNCLASSIFIED
```