The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO reporting form or document, likely part of Project Blue Book.

ce UFO form continued
Page 4 

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? This object was still there and there in a while and then suddenly just take off and they shoot away out of sight.

21. Do you know in what direction the object moved in relation to your position? (Circle One) North / South / East / West 
If you estimate, how fast would you say it was moving? approx 8 - 1000

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
Inside a building / At home / Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business / industrial section
b. In the residential section
c. In the rural area
d. Other, please specify: over ocean

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, what direction were you traveling? (Circle One)
a. North / b. Northeast / c. East / d. Southeast / e. South / f. Southwest / g. West / h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you going? miles per hour
34.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield Yes
d. Telescope Yes
e. Binoculars Yes
f. Theodolite Yes

26. In order that you can give us clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: This object was still there and there in a while and then suddenly just take off and they shoot away out of sight. It was much smaller than the airplanes that were flying around, and it didn't make any noise and it seemed to glide without any apparent motion of wings or jets or anything like that. It just seemed to disappear out of sight very rapidly. Like it became invisible or blurred out and just disappeared. I couldn't say exactly how fast it was going, but it was obviously much faster than any plane I have ever seen before. I would estimate its speed to be around 800 to 1000 miles per hour, but I'm really just guessing at that. I've never seen anything like it before and I really don't know what to make of it. I certainly don't have any explanation for what I saw.