The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from a United States Senate report.

TEXT OUTPUT:

United States Senate
WASHINGTON, D.C.

shade of green that I saw. Since the time it seems to be 2 week intervals. It might take that long for them to come down from where ever they are being launched. It is our opinion that you will not see them unless they get within a certain number of feet from some object. Is there something so many times up directly over my house and land that they are being launched from.

do no this. Arm I a wooks so ny dog got bite between 2 and 3 o'clock sat on my steps and barked for about 15 minutes fact is I thought some one was around so I heard lights on the side of my house I went through them on but could see nothing one left them on for about half hour thinking some one might be around. When some one come up I went out after them. He is a watch dog but he don't know the stage dog is barked then went down before he heard the sound of one because I think he was a little more bark than usual.

I have reported this in to the local Civilian Defense but they will send it into Augusta they said there was a comet in the area There was no sound in my yard just a faint glow about 2 feet from the ground or there would be a little light in the ground. Will some one please believe we are not imagining that 2 week interval This is valuable information for our government. I am not seeing things now my dream but I am a busy together with 3 children and a room house to take care of. I have no time to be making up stories or day dreaming.

/S/ Mrs. [REDACTED]
Backingdom Rd.
Mexico Maine

We live about 2 miles from town. I wrote this letter yesterday afternoon and did not wait the chance to mail it and I noticed on the children's swing that there is a cream colored mark about 4 inches across perfectly even. It is on the bar on top of the swing and the rest of the bar is its original red color. We do not dare to touch it because it may prove of some value. We believe it much the swing when it went over it.