The provided image does not contain any photographs. It seems to be a typed document page. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
RHC

UNCLASSIFIED
Assistant Naval Attache
Tangier (Resident Casablanca) AIA 75-56 11 April 1956

Nature of observation - ground/visual.

Time and date of sighting - 2015, 4 April 1956 (light condition - dusk)

Location of observer - Across from Ministry in front of the Jardins Publiques,
                       Casablanca, Morocco

Identification of observer - An Enlist, u/a w/ USNIFHE MAROCAINE Temporary,
                            retd j'om "Francis" RAC
                            Casablanca, Morocco

Translator at time of sighting - Skillfu, 75c/5'8 actually at 760 meters,
                                 rather than observer, is knoxst.

1. OBJECT: A. B. A. The object was viewed by observer observer, w/o Paul MILLION, who is
                       employed at the Meterological Station, Camp Ayazent, Casablanca. He made the following
                       statement.

"I left Camp Ayant Airport to go home at about 2755 on 5 April 1956. I live off-base
 at La J-ina Consellina (rue Margin). As I was about to open the gate to the house, I
 looked at the sky and saw something like a lusmini flery belle, orange color, always in the
 west, it stayed for nearly a few moments. It ran transmitting simitaneously (on a perpendicular
 with the horizon) and in an unexpected manner it made it toward the sea. I took it for
 some kind of meteorite."

COMMENT: The locations of the two observers was separated by a distance of approximately
          two miles. Observer No. 2 (Mr. Million) would have had more opportunity to keep the object.
          in uninterrupted view for a longer period of time than observer No. 2. It appears likely that
          sighting was of a meteorite; however, this sighting is reported to make it a matter of record.
          and is filed in accordance with reference (a).

                              Forwarded
                              /s/ Francisco D. RINCONES
                              LCDR, U.S. NAVY
                              R. K. ARMAGOS
                              CAPT, USN
```