The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a "Disposition Form" from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports. 

The text in the document is as follows:

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO.: AFOIN-43 (1st Turn)
SUBJECT: Review and Analysis - UFO Photo
FROM: AFOIN-4H2
TO: AFOIN-4B3
DATE: 15 FEB 57
COMMENT NO. 1: 250/665-57/mn

Request review and analysis of attached photograph and copy of report. The attached photograph has been examined and it is considered that the photo is not "doctored", and that it represents a true representation of something in the sky at the time and place photographed.

Some comments on the photographic details are as follows:

The lighting and sharpness lines are those generally caused by the variable illumination. The nature of these lines is not characteristic of lightnin flashes, ruling out the possibility that it may be mistaken for such.  

Launching Information available to this office indicates that the closest missile launching is that of White Sands, New Mexico, a distance of some 675 miles from Amarillo, Texas.

Attached report indicates that the observer was facing in an almost northerly direction and that the sharpness or trail pattern leads one to believe that it was much closer to the observer.  

QUESTION ON THE BASIC FACTS SUBMITTED FOR SPECIFIC CONSIDERATION:

(1) Whether the missile assumption is valid.
(2) Whether there are (or were) any missile sites or operations known to have departed from its designated course, within the particular time period driven, which might explain the object.
(3) Any comments or identifications of the object which may be known to have departed from its designated course, within the particular time period driven, which might explain the object.

b. 4P-5a (1) Specific comments as to the cause or identify of object
(2) Estimated distance of the trail (assuming missile hypothesis).

The remaining text appears to be administrative information about the form and classification level.